July 20, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12089
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­0556

Ms. Justine M. Kasznica
Schnader Harrison Segal & Lewis LLP
120 Fifth Avenue, Suite 2700
Pittsburgh, PA 15222 -3001

Dear Ms. Kasznica:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated March 3, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of Identified Technologies Corporation (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an
exemption. The exemption would allow the petitioner to operate an unmanned aircraft system
(UAS) to conduct aerial surveying and monitoring of project sites.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a 3D Robotics PixHawk.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
                                                                                                                 2

aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

· They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

· The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

· A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Identified Technologies Corporation is granted an
exemption from 14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a),
91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and
91.417(a) and (b), to the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform
aerial data collection. This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed
below.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                             3

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Identified Technologies Corporation is hereafter referred to as
the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the 3D Robotics
    PixHawk when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations
    of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
    not permitted.

3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
    exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
    compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
    airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
    aircraft manufacturer.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
    electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
    must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
    required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
                                                                                                            4

    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    Government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.
                                                                                                            5

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least 5 minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.
                                                                                                            6

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

    The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
    nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
    reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
    contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.
                                                                                                                 7

 If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
 television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                    8

This exemption terminates on July 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.
Sincerely,
/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
PETITION FOR EXEMPTION FROM FEDERAL AVIATION REGULATIONS
   ("FARS") AND REQUEST FOR APPROVAL TO OPERATE UNMANNED

 AIRCRAFT SYSTEMS UNDER SECTION 333 OF THE FAA REFORM ACT
                                AND PART 11 OF THE FARS

Submitted by: Identified Technologies Corporation

Dated: March 3, 2015

By Electronic Submission to: www.regulations.gov

By Paper Submission to:

                  U.S. Department of Transportation
                  Docket Operations
                  West building Ground Floor, Room W12-140
                  1200 New Jersey Avenue, SE
                  Washington, DC 20590

Filed by:

           Justine M. Kasznica
           Schnader Harrison Segal & Lewis LLP
           Fifth Avenue Place, Suite 2700
           Pittsburgh, PA 15222
           (412) 577-5114
           jkasznica@schnader.com

           Barry S. Alexander
           Schnader Harrison Segal & Lewis LLP
           140 Broadway, 31st Floor
           New York, NY 10005
           (212) 973-8099
           balexander@schnader.com

           Counsel for Identified Technologies Corporation

                                                            PHDATA 5241586_1
                                          TABLE OF CONTENTS
I. Summary for Publication in Federal Register..........................................................1
II. Legal Basis for the Requested Exemption under Section 333.................................5
III. Identity and Contact Information of the Petitioner ..................................................5
IV. The Identified System ..............................................................................................6
V. The Proposed sUAS Operation................................................................................8
VI. The Identified System and Equivalent Level of Safety .........................................12
VII. Privacy ...................................................................................................................14
VIII. Public Interest and Safety ......................................................................................14
IX. Exemptions Requested Under Section 333............................................................15
X. Certificate of Authorization or Waiver...................................................................25
XI. Conclusion .............................................................................................................25

                                                                                                                                                      PHDATA 5241586_1
I. Summary for Publication in Federal Register

         Identified Technologies Corporation ("Identified Technologies") has developed a small
unmanned aircraft system ("sUAS") designed to support the civil engineering industry by
enabling efficient, routine monitoring and producing high resolution and quality precision aerial
surveys and imaging of project sites (the "Identified System"). The data obtained through the
Identified System helps engineers and surveyors comply with laws and regulations by surveying
and monitoring project sites in an efficient and safe manner. It is a low cost solution with low-
environmental impact that protects surveyors from the often hazardous conditions present at civil
engineering project sites, while optimizing the quality and effectiveness of the data collected.

         Identified Technologies hereby petitions the Federal Aviation Administration ("FAA") for
an exemption from various Federal Aviation Regulations ("FARs") and requests approval to
operate the Identified System in the national airspace (the "Petition") pursuant to Section 333 of
the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (the "Act"), 49 U.S.C.S 44701(f), and Title 14
of the Code of Federal Regulations ("CFR"), Part 11 (14 CFR Part 11).

         In its Petition, Identified Technologies requests that an exemption be granted from the
following regulations:

         14 CFR Part 21
         14 CFR 43.7
         14 CFR 43.11
         14 CFR 45.11
         14 CFR 45.21
         14 CFR 45.23(b)
         14 CFR 45.27
         14 CFR 45.29
         14 CFR 61.113(a) and (b)
         14 CFR 67
         14 CFR 91.7(a)
         14 CFR 91.9(b)(2)
         14 CFR 91.9(c)
         14 CFR 91.103(b)
         14 CFR 91.109
         14 CFR 91.119
         14 CFR 91.121
         14 CFR 91.151(a)
         14 CFR 91.203(a) and (b)
         14 CFR 91.405(a)
         14 CFR 91.407(a)(1)
         14 CFR 91.409(a)(2)
         14 CFR 91.417(a) and (b)

         In its Petition, Identified Technologies also describes in detail (i) the Identified System,
(ii) the team that will operate the Identified System and the members' respective roles and

                                                          1 PHDATA 5241586_1
qualifications, (iii) the proposed sUAS operations for which it seeks approval, and (iv) the
various safety precautions that will be taken prior to and during the operations. Additional
information concerning Identified Technologies System technical specifications is attached
hereto as Exhibit A. Confidential information concerning Identified Technologies operational
procedures, which include the sign-in sheet, preflight procedures, maintenance and operations
manual, and operating checklist, is attached to this Petition as Exhibit B (CONFIDENTIAL
Supplement), which Identified Technologies requests not to be made public.

         In support of its exemption request, Identified Technologies submits that (i) the Identified
System is safe, reliable and will satisfy the FAA's airworthiness assessment, (ii) the Pilot in
Command (PIC) and visual observer (VO) have the requisite knowledge and experience to
ensure the safe operation of the Identified System, (iii) Identified Technologies has developed
and complies with operation procedures and parameters that further ensure safe sUAS operations
in the national airspace, and which remove the threat of harm to people and property, including
other manned aircraft, and (iv) Identified Technologies' proposed operations, which include
without limitation, the use of the Identified System to conduct aerial imaging, monitoring and
surveying of secure project sites for the benefit of the civil engineering industry, will be safer
than that which would be achieved by flying a larger manned aircraft carrying crew and
flammable fuel for the same purpose. In addition, permitting use of the Identified System will
achieve various economic and environmental benefits, as well as significant efficiencies
associated with cost, labor and safety, that serve the public interest.

         A. The Identified System

         The Identified System is a sUAS that consists of (1) a PixHawk advanced autopilot
system designed by the PX4 open-hardware project manufactured by 3D Robotics, (2) a
lightweight carbon fiber quadrotor frame based on the Boomerang, and (3) various off-the-shelf
rotors and other components that are integrated with the frame and autopilot system. The
Identified System is designed to carry an on-board 12MP camera manufactured by GoPro that
allows it to conduct precision aerial surveys and collect detailed imagery of project sites. The
Identified System is a lightweight, battery-powered quadrotorcraft that, inclusive of the battery
and camera, weighs less than 5 pounds and has a width of less than 16 inches and a frame height
of less than 6 inches.

         B. The Proposed sUAS Operations

         Identified Technologies will conduct its sUAS operations in compliance with the FAA
Notice 8900.227 Sections 12, 13, 14 and 16, issued on July 30, 2013.

         The Identified System will be operated at project sites by a Pilot in Command (PIC), who
will be assisted by a ground-based Visual Observer (VO) at all times during the operation. The
VO will be standing next to the PIC, will have a clear visual line of sight to the Identified
System, and will be able to communicate verbally with the PIC at all times throughout the
Identified System's operation. The PIC and VO will have significant experience operating a
variety of radio controlled model aircraft and have flown the Identified System in an indoor
setting.

                                                          2 PHDATA 5241586_1
Additional Identified System operational restrictions that ensure safe flight include:

1. The Identified System will not be flown at night and will be operated under visual
         meteorological conditions (VMC) or where visibility is at least 3 statute miles
         from PIC.

2. Flights will be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet AGL, with the
         majority of flights anticipated to be operated at no more than 270 feet AGL.

3. The Identified System will not be flown at an airspeed exceeding 40 knots.

4. The Identified System will weigh less than 5 lbs.

5. Maximum total flight time for each operational flight will be 12 minutes. Flights
         will be terminated at 20% battery power reserve should that occur prior to the 12
         minute limit.

6. A briefing will be conducted in regard to the planned sUAS operations prior to
         each day's activities. It will be mandatory that all personnel who will be
         performing duties in connection with the operations be present for this briefing.

7. The operator will file any necessary paperwork in light of the exemptions with the
         appropriate Flight Standards District Office ("FSDO").

8. The Identified System will have redundancies and an independent flight
         termination system (FTS) that can be activated manually by the PIC to ensure the
         overall safety and predictability of the Identified System.

9. In the event of a loss of communications or signal, the Identified System is
         programmed to return to its home base.

10. The sUAS will have the capability to abort a flight in case of unexpected
         obstacles or emergencies.

11. If the multirotor and its controller disconnects during flight, the system's failsafe
         protection will come to the rescue and the multirotor will return to home and land
         automatically, rather than flying off uncontrollably or landing at an unknown
         location.

12. If the multirotor crosses a geo-fence guarding the 500ft perimeter from the public,
         it will return to home and land automatically.

13. The Identified System will only be flown (i) in rural areas, away from any urban
         or congested locations, (ii) on secured private property with restricted public
         access, (iii) in areas located more than 5 miles away from any airport, (iv) in
         Class G Airspace, and (v) in such locations where the property owner has
         approved the contemplated sUAS operations.

14. The PIC, VO, and any additional crew members will comply with any additional
         safety regulations and protocols as may be required by each project site.

15. Identified Technologies will communicate information about specific operations
         with Air Traffic Control (ATC) nearest to the project site.

                                                 3 PHDATA 5241586_1
         16. Identified Technologies will submit a precise description of proposed Identified
                  System operations (Plan of Activities) to the local Flight Services District Office
                  (FSDO) within 3 days prior to the System operations.

         17. Identified Technologies will obtain an Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate
                  of Authorization or Waiver (COA) prior to any Identified System operations and
                  will request a Notice to Airmen (NOTAM) at least 48 hours before operating the
                  Identified System.

         18. Written and/or oral permission from the relevant property holders will be
                  obtained.

         19. All required permissions and permits will be obtained from territorial, state,
                  county or city jurisdictions, including local law enforcement, fire, or other
                  appropriate governmental agencies.

         C. Relevant Previously-Granted Exemptions

         Identified Technologies bases its Petition, in part, on several relevant Section 333
Petitions that were granted by the FAA in 2014 and early 2015 and makes references to these
exemptions throughout. These exemptions include the following:

         1. Exemption No. 11109 (the "Clayco Exemption") for sUAS operations used to
                  conduct aerial imaging to monitor and ensure the safety of construction sites.

         2. Exemption No. 11114 (the "Woolpert Exemption") for sUAS operations used to
                  conduct precision aerial surveys over Ship Island, Mississippi.

         3. Exemption No. 11062 (the "Astraeus Exemption") for sUAS operations used for
                  closed set filming for the motion picture industry.

         4. Exemption No. 11136 (the "Advanced Aviation Solutions Exemption") for sUAS
                  operations used to conduct aerial surveys to support the agriculture industry.

         5. Exemption No. 11138 (the "Trudeau Exemption") for sUAS operations used to
                  conduct real estate and aerial images of Tucson, AZ to use for marketing
                  purposes.

         The FAA granted these exemptions with conditions, having found that the petitioners
presented an adequate showing of airworthiness and safety in their described sUAS operation to
serve the public interest. Identified Technology's proposed operation does not differ significantly
from the situations presented in the Clayco, Woolpert and Advanced Aviation Solutions
Exemptions. In fact, the proposed Identified System operations establish at least an equivalent
level of safety to the sUAS operations described in the Clayco, Woolpert and Advanced Aviation
Solutions Exemptions, and are for purposes that will benefit the public in very similar ways.
Given that Identified Technologies plans to operate over similar operating environments, and for
similar purposes, and with the airmanship skills necessary to operate the Identified System, the
FAA should grant Identified Technologies' Petition.

                                                          4 PHDATA 5241586_1
         D. On February 15, 2015, the FAA issued proposed rules for operation and
certification of sUAS, which the Identified System would qualify under. (Docket No.: FAA-
2015-0150; Notice No. 15-01 concerning 14 CFR Parts 21, 43, 45, 47, 61, 91, 101, 107, and
183). While these rules are open for public comment, have yet to be implemented and therefore
do not have the force of law, they are a strong indication of the FAA's inclination to allow sUAS
operations such as those proposed by Identified Technologies. Identified Technologies continues
to pay close attention to these rules and their development and ultimate implementation.

         E. Conclusion

         For all the above reasons, Identified Technologies asks that the FAA grant its request for
exemption from certain FARs, and approve its operation of the Identified System in the national
airspace in accordance with the limitations and restrictions set forth herein.

II. Legal Basis for the Requested Exemption under Section 333

         In 2012, Congress passed the FAA Modernization and Reform Act, mandating the FAA to
integrate unmanned aircraft systems (UAS) into the national airspace system (NAS). Section 332
of the Act authorizes the FAA to develop regulations for the civil operation of UAS weighing
less than 55 pounds. While the final UAS regulations have not yet been issued by the FAA,
Congress, in Section 333 of the Act, directed the FAA to allow the operation of civil sUAS even
before such final regulations are completed, to the extent that the sUAS operations do not create
a hazard to the national airspace system or the public, or pose a threat to national security. 2012
Act, §§ 333(a), (b)(1).

         The FAA has authority pursuant to 49 U.S.C.S 44701(f) to grant an exemption from a
regulations developed for manned aircraft operations (FARs and other requirements) to the
extent the FAA finds that the exemption is "in the public interest." A sUAS operation that is in
the public interest has been described as an operation that "falls squarely within that zone of
safety (an equivalent level of safety) in which Congress envisioned that the FAA must, by
exemption, allow commercial operations of sUAS to commence immediately." See Clayco
Exemption, p.8.

         Section 333 of the Act mandates the Secretary of Transportation to make a case-by-case
determination of safety concerning proposed sUAS operations, by considering 6 factors. The six
factors are (1) size, (2) weight, (3) speed, (4) operational capability, (5) proximity to airports and
populated areas, and (6) operation within visual line of sight (VLOS). 2012 Act, §§ 333(c). Once
safe operation of the sUAS is established, the Secretary must then set forth requirements to
facilitate the operation of the sUAS.

III. Identity and Contact Information of the Petitioner

         The petitioner is Identified Technologies Corporation, a Pennsylvania corporation with its
principal place of business at:

                                                          5 PHDATA 5241586_1
                           Identified Technologies Corporation
                           6024 Broad Street, 2R
                           Pittsburgh, PA 15206
                           Tel: 908-204-1342
                           Email: rzhang@identifiedtech.com
                           Principal Contact: Richard Zhang, CEO

         All questions concerning this Petition may be directed to Justine M. Kasznica, counsel
for Identified Technologies Corporation, at:

                           Justine M. Kasznica
                           Schnader Harrison Segal & Lewis, LLP
                           Fifth Avenue Place, Suite 2700
                           120 Fifth Avenue
                           Pittsburgh, PA 15222
                           (412) 577-5114
                           jkasznica@schnader.com

                           Barry S. Alexander
                           Schnader Harrison Segal & Lewis LLP
                           140 Broadway, 31st Floor
                           New York, NY 10005
                           (212) 973-8099
                           balexander@schnader.com

IV. The Identified System

         The sUAS for which Identified Technologies seeks approval is a small, unmanned
quadrotor aircraft based on the Boomerang, weighing less than fifteen (5) pounds (inclusive of
batteries and technical payload). This rotorcraft will operate at a speed of ten (10) knots, and in
no event can will it exceed forty (40) knots. The rotorcraft has the capability to hover and move
in the vertical and horizontal planes simultaneously.

         The technical specifications of the Identified System are as follows:
         1. Airframe: Boomerang Carbon Fiber Frame
         2. Control System: 3DR PixHawk (3D Robotics)
         3. Tx1: Turnigy TGY 9X
         4. Rx2: Turnigy 9X
         5. Motors: T-Motor MN3508

1 "Tx" represents radio transmitter for command and control.

2 "Rx" represents radio receiver for command and control.

                                                          6 PHDATA 5241586_1
         6. Propellers: Tiger RC 15" Carbon Fiber

         7. Data Link: 3DR 915 MHz Radio, and 2.4 GHz 802.11

         8. Camera: GoPro Hero 3+

         9. Batteries: Turnigy 5000 mAh Li-Po

         10. Empty Weight: <5lbs

         11. Minimum Takeoff Weight: <5lbs

         12. Maximum Takeoff Weight: <5lbs

         13. Flight Time: 12 minutes

         14. Programmed Range: >1mile

         15. Maximum Wind Speed for Flight: 25 knots

         16. Maximum Speed: 40 knots

         17. Programmed Speed: 10 knots

         The Identified System is manually controllable at all times, and while it has
preprogrammed autopilot capability, it is not completely autonomous and the PIC can override it
at any time using manual controls. A PIC controls vertical and lateral movement by varying rotor
RPM among the four rotors, independently for lateral movement and collectively for vertical
movement.

         The Identified System contains a PixHawk advanced autopilot system manufactured by
3D Robotics known for its reliability and safety features. The PixHawk allows for scripting of
missions and flight behaviors, and contains precise altitude and speed controls, and an on-board
airspeed sensor. Additional safety features of the PixHawk include (1) an external safety switch
for motor deactivation, (2) an integrated backup system for in-flight recovery and manual
override with dedicated processor and stand-alone power supply, (3) a backup system providing
consistent autopilot and manual override modes, (4) redundant power supply inputs and
automatic failover, (5) a multicolor LED visual indicator and high-power audio indicator, and (6)
a microSD card for high-rate, continuous logging.

         The Identified System tracks its battery life in real-time and is programmed to return to
its launch location automatically in the event its battery life reaches 20%. The frame and
propellers of the Identified System are made of high-quality, light-weight carbon fiber. The
Identified System uses a 3DR 915 MHz Radio, and 2.4 GHz 802.11 communications link, which
does not require any additional Federal Communications Commission (FCC) approvals beyond
what is already approved for use commercially.

         Finally, an off-shelf GoPro Hero 3+ camera is mounted to the Identified System airframe.
The camera features include high-definition video recording with resolutions of 1080p60,
960p60 and 720p120 fps, a wide-angle glass lens and 10.0MP still image resolution, allowing it
to take highly precise video and photographs.

         Further technical information about the GoPro Hero 3+, Tiger propellers, Boomerang
Frame, and the PixHawk control system can be found in the "Identified System: Technical
Specifications", attached hereto as Exhibit A.

                                                          7 PHDATA 5241586_1
V. The Proposed sUAS Operation

         The Identified System will be used to (i) conduct routine monitoring and (ii) produce
high resolution and quality precision aerial surveys and imaging of project sites for the civil
engineering industry. It is a low cost solution with low-environmental impact that protects
surveyors from the often hazardous conditions present at civil engineering project sites, while
optimizing the quality and effectiveness of the data collected.

         A. Selection of Appropriate Project Sites

         Identified Technologies wishes to operate the Identified System for the purpose of
conducting aerial surveys and imaging of project sites for the civil engineering industry. Typical
project sites may include: (1) commercial and residential construction sites, (2) oil and gas and
alternative energy sites, (3) public utility sites, (4) mining sites, (5) quarries, (6) excavation sites,
and (7) and other infrastructure development sites. Identified Technologies will select
appropriate projects sites based on safety considerations and any restrictions imposed by the FAA
that are related to sUAS operations ("Appropriate Project Sites" or "APS"). As such, Appropriate
Project Sites are limited to those project sites that have the following operating environment:

         1. ASPs will be located in rural areas, away from any urban or congested locations.

         2. ASPs will be located on secured private property with restricted public access.

         3. ASPs will be located more than 5 miles away from any airport.

         4. ASPs will be located in Class G Airspace.

         5. ASPs will be such locations where the property owner has approved the
                  contemplated sUAS operations.

         Identified Technologies will not operate the Identified System at project sites that are not
determined to be Appropriate Project Sites.

         Pending the grant of this Petition by the FAA, Identified Technologies, together with its
prospective customer, Pittsburgh-based Civil & Environmental Consultants, Inc., have identified
three Appropriate Project Sites for the purpose of testing the Identified System, training its PICs
and VOs to operate the Identified System, and conducting Identified Technologies' first
commercial sUAS operations.

         These Appropriate Project Sites include:

         1. ASP No.1

                  Identified Technologies seeks to operate the Identified System at a private gas
                  plant in West Virginia. The surrounding area's primary land use is timber farming,
                  pasture land and farming. The plant is located in a rural area in class G airspace
                  and more than 20 miles from the closest airport. The property will be fenced off
                  and secured, which will restrict public access.

         2. ASP No. 2

                  Identified Technologies seeks to operate the Identified System at a private gas
                  plant in West Virginia. The nearest population center is located approximately 10

                                                          8 PHDATA 5241586_1
                  miles from the plant. The plant is located in a rural area in class G airspace and
                  more than 5 miles from the closest airport, Glendale Airport. The property will be
                  fenced off and secured, which will restrict public access.

         3. ASP No. 3

                  Identified Technologies seeks to operate the Identified System at a private gas
                  plant in Pennsylvania. The surrounding area's primary land use is timber farming,
                  pasture land and farming. The plant is located in a rural and unpopulated location
                  in class G airspace and more than 40 miles from the closest airport. The property
                  will be fenced off and secured, which will restrict public access.

         If its Section 333 exemption request is granted, Identified Technologies intends to expand
its sUAS operations to other similar Appropriate Project Sites within the United States.

         B. The Identified System Operator Qualifications

         The Identified System will be operated at Appropriate Project Sites by a Pilot in
Command (PIC), who will be assisted by a ground-based Visual Observer (VO) at all times
during the operation. The VO will be standing next to the PIC, will have a clear visual line of
sight to the Identified System, and will be able to communicate verbally with the PIC at all times
throughout the Identified System's operation. The two PICs currently contemplated by Identified
Technologies' are engineers with significant experience operating the Identified System in an
indoor setting. Moreover, collectively, they have on order of 1,000 hours of radio controlled (RC)
flying experience, operating RC aircraft and multicopters for hobby and recreational purposes.

         As of now, the Identified Technology PICs do not have a private pilot license or third
class medical certificate, and Identified Technologies petitions the FAA for an exemption from
the requirements of Section 61.113 (a) and (b) of Title 14, Code of the Federal Regulations (14
C.F.R.) for the reasons set forth in Section 8.I, below.

         If required by the FAA, however, the PIC will obtain a private pilot certificate and third
class medical certificate.

         C. Training

         If this Petition is granted by the FAA, the PIC and VO intend to test fly the Identified
System outdoors, at the Appropriate Project Sites described above, or in locations bearing the
same characteristics. Identified Technologies will adopt the FAA's findings regarding sufficient
training protocol for its PICs, whatever they may be, prior to conducting any commercial
operations of the Identified System, and proposes the following in this regard (taken from the
training requirements outlined by the FAA in the Trudeau Exemption, at pages 14-15, basing its
analysis on the Astraeus Exemption):

         The PIC must have accumulated and logged at least 25 hours of total time as a UAS
         rotorcraft pilot including at least 10 hours logged as a UAS pilot with a multi-rotor UAS.
         The PIC must also have accumulated and logged a minimum of 5 hours as a UAS pilot
         operating the same make and model of UAS to be used for operations under the
         exemption.

                                                          9 PHDATA 5241586_1
         For clarification, these minimum hour requirements will be inclusive rather than additive;
         that is, 5 hours using the same system contemplated for operations may be included in the
         10 hours of multirotor time and the 10 hours may be included in the total 25 hours of
         UAS rotorcraft time. In addition to the hour requirements, the PIC must accomplish 3
         take-offs and landings in the preceding 90 days (for currency purposes). .

         This will ensure the PICs to get sufficient flight experience to begin using the Identified
System outdoors for the specified purposes outlined in this Petition.

         D. Identified System Flight Operations

The purpose of every Identified System flight will be to safely, accurately, and efficiently create
survey maps and imaging of a project site. The Identified System will collect photogrammetric
pictures, survey equipment to set ground control points, and use specialized photogrammetry
software to process the data. The survey output will be 3D surface models and high resolution
aerial photographs.

         Every sUAS flight will use at minimum a two man flight crew, including the PIC and
VO.

         The standard pre-flight and operational procedure is as follows:

         1. Meet at the security gate and complete pre-flight security, as appropriate for each
                  site.

         2. Set up a "no-entry" perimeter around the jobsite forbidding entrance by non-
                  authorized personnel.

         3. Drive around the project site to ensure it is clear of non-authorized personnel.

         4. Drive to the area to be surveyed.

         5. Ensure that all necessary equipment, including the Flight Log, operating manuals
                  and checklists, are readily accessible.

         6. The Pilot in Command begins to ready sUAS for flight.

                  a. Set up the hand held weather station on tripod.

                  b. Check over the airframe, connections, and propellers for any damage
                           during transport in vehicle.

                  c. Calibrate the camera.

                  d. Turn on and ready the Ground Control Station (GCS).

                  e. Connect communication antennae to the GCS.

                  f. Open Ground Station software and pull up the pre-planned
                           photogrammetry flight path.

                  g. Remove the main flight Tx from its case, power it up, and verify voltage
                           and settings.

                  h. Remove the battery for flight, measure current voltage, and log findings in
                           the battery manual.

                                                         10 PHDATA 5241586_1
         i. Strap the batteries securely onto Identified System; do not attach the main
                  power.

         j. Move the Identified System to take off point, approximately 30 feet from
                  crew.

         k. Attach the main power.
         l. Listen to the power up sequence of beeps from the ESC and motors.
         m. Using the Flight Tx, cycle through different control modes, and observe

                  on-board LED lights for good connection and response.
         n. Set up traffic cones around the sUAS with a 20-foot (approximate) radius.

                  This is the "home" area; operators are not allowed inside this area while
                  the electrical motor is running.
         o. Walk back to the vehicle with the Tx.
         p. Using the Flight Tx, activate engine power without moving the throttle up.
                  This checks that the automatic throttle kill is working and also records the
                  "home" point.
         q. Using the laptop Ground Station, select the button connecting the laptop to
                  the sUAS.
         r. The sUAS should appear on the screen, along with a recorded home point,
                  battery voltage, current altitude relative to the ground, and current
                  velocity.
         s. Upload the flight path data to the sUAS.
         t. Set a geo-fence around the jobsite so that when crossed the sUAS returns
                  to Home. The Geo-fence will ensure that the sUAS never comes within
                  the 500 ft limit from the public.
         u. Verify good upload and connection.
         v. Verify weather from the portable weather station.
         w. Record the time and weather in Flight Log.
         x. The sUAS is now fully prepared and ready to go.

7. While the PIC is readying the aircraft, the VO, or secondary crew member, is
         preparing the Ground Control Points (GPC's) and walking the site.

         a. Power up and calibrate the survey grade GPS equipment.
         b. Begin setting the GCPs and shooting the center of targets with survey

                  GPS.
         c. While setting out the GCP's, the secondary crew member is also making

                  sure area is clear of all people.

                                                11 PHDATA 5241586_1
         8. Typically, the secondary crew member and the PIC finish at about the same time.
                  Upon his return, the secondary crew member sets the survey GPS to the side and
                  sits next to the laptop and camera Tx.

         9. The PIC double checks that the take-off area is clear.

         10. The PIC takes off flying to the approximate survey altitude.

         11. The PIC instructs secondary crew member to initiate the preprogrammed flight
                  path.

         12. The secondary crew verifies that the Ground Station has a good connection and is
                  tracking the sUAS.

         13. The secondary crew then turns on the camera to take pictures at a continuous
                  interval.

         14. During the entire preprogrammed flight, the PIC and VO always have visual line
                  of sight (VLOS) and the PIC is prepared to take over flight operations as needed
                  to ensure safe operations.

         15. The PIC's Tx has a flight count-down timer which is set to a minimum of 20%
                  battery reserve (Calculated based on prior field experience to safely return the
                  sUAS to safe landing with ample margin of error). The timer begins from the
                  point the throttle is moved out of its start position.

         16. During flight, a secondary crew member vigilantly monitors the Ground Station
                  data (voltage, forward velocity, altitude, and estimated remaining time to
                  complete the mission) and relays any sudden changes or alerts to the PIC.

         17. As the mission completes, the PIC informs the secondary crew he is taking back
                  over control.

         18. The secondary crew turns off the camera.

         19. The PIC begins to land the sUAS.

         20. After safely landing, the PIC immediately goes and unplugs the main power. He
                  then checks the pictures to verify if the pictures are good and the mission was
                  successful.

         21. If successful, the secondary crew leaves to go pick up GCPs.

         22. The PIC checks battery voltage and records in battery log.

         23. The PIC records flight time in Flight Log.

         24. The PIC turns off both Tx, secondary GPS, and camera.

         25. The PIC looks over airframe to see if any damage or loose connections resulted
                  from the flight, and records any findings.

         26. The PIC begins to pack all equipment up for safe transport.

VI. The Identified System and Equivalent Level of Safety

         Identified Technologies proposes that the exemption requested herein apply to civil
aircraft that have the characteristics and that operate within the limitations listed herein. These

                                                         12 PHDATA 5241586_1
limitations provide for at least an equivalent or higher level of safety to operations under the
current regulatory structure.

         The limitations and conditions to which Identified Technologies agrees to be bound when
conducting commercial operations under an FAA issued exemption include:

         1. The Identified System will not be flown at night and will be operated under visual
                  meteorological conditions (VMC) or where visibility is at least 3 statute miles
                  from PIC.

         2. Flights will be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet AGL, with the
                  majority of flights anticipated to be operated at no more than 270 feet AGL.

         3. The Identified System will not be flown at an airspeed exceeding 40 knots.

         4. The Identified System will weigh less than 5 lbs.

         5. Maximum total flight time for each operational flight will be 12 minutes. Flights
                  will be terminated at 20% battery power reserve should that occur prior to the 12
                  minute limit.

         6. A briefing will be conducted in regard to the planned sUAS operations prior to
                  each day's activities. It will be mandatory that all personnel who will be
                  performing duties in connection with the operations be present for this briefing.

         7. The operator will file any necessary paperwork in light of the exemptions with the
                  appropriate Flight Standards District Office ("FSDO").

         8. The Identified System will have redundancies and an independent flight
                  termination system (FTS) that can be activated manually by the PIC to ensure the
                  overall safety and predictability of the Identified System.

         9. In the event of a loss of communications or signal, the Identified System is
                  programmed to return to its home base.

         10. The sUAS will have the capability to abort a flight in case of unexpected
                  obstacles or emergencies.

         11. If the multirotor and its controller disconnects during flight, the system's failsafe
                  protection will come to the rescue and the multirotor will return to home and land
                  automatically, rather than flying off uncontrollably or landing at an unknown
                  location.

         12. If the multirotor crosses a geo-fence guarding the 500ft perimeter from the public,
                  it will return to home and land automatically.

         13. The Identified System will only be flown (i) in rural areas, away from any urban
                  or congested locations, (ii) on secured private property with restricted public
                  access, (iii) in areas located more than 5 miles away from any airport, (iv) in
                  Class G Airspace, and (v) in such locations where the property owner has
                  approved the contemplated sUAS operations.

         14. The PIC, VO, and any additional crew members will comply with any additional
                  safety regulations and protocols as may be required by each project site.

                                                         13 PHDATA 5241586_1
         15. Identified Technologies will communicate information about specific operations
                  with Air Traffic Control (ATC) nearest to the project site.

         16. Identified Technologies will submit a precise description of proposed Identified
                  System operations (Plan of Activities) to the local Flight Services District Office
                  (FSDO) within 3 days prior to the System operations.

         17. Identified Technologies will obtain an Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate
                  of Authorization or Waiver (COA) prior to any Identified System operations and
                  will request a Notice to Airmen (NOTAM) at least 48 hours before operating the
                  Identified System.

         18. Written and/or oral permission from the relevant property holders will be
                  obtained.

         19. All required permissions and permits will be obtained from territorial, state,
                  county or city jurisdictions, including local law enforcement, fire, or other
                  appropriate governmental agencies.

         Satisfaction of the criteria provided in Section 333 of the Reform Act of 2012--size,
weight, speed, operating capabilities, proximity to airports and populated areas, and operation
within visual line of sight and national security--provide more than adequate justification for the
grant of the requested exemption allowing commercial operation of the Identified System to
support the civil engineering industry pursuant to Identified Technology's rules of operation
described herein.

         Additional information concerning Identified operational procedures, which include the
sign-in sheet, preflight procedures, maintenance and operations manual, and operating checklist,
are attached to this Petition as Exhibit B (CONFIDENTIAL Supplement), which Identified
Technologies requests not to be made public.

VII. Privacy

         There is little risk that the proposed use of the Identified System will result in any privacy
violations because all flights will occur over private or controlled access property with the
property owner's prior consent and knowledge. In addition, the anticipated project site locations
will be in rural or unpopulated areas, and there is little chance that there will be inhabited houses
in the visual area or other people who have not consented to being filmed or otherwise agreed to
be in the area where filming will take place. No attempt will be made to identify any individuals
filmed during the flights except in cases where they are trespassing upon or damaging customer
property, or interfering with the applicant's or its customers' operations.

VIII. Public Interest and Safety

         The civil engineering industry routinely utilizes workers on the ground to monitor, take
photos, and conduct surveys of project sites. Project sites in the oil and gas, mining, excavation,
and construction industries are known to be unsafe. Hazards at these sites include (1) exposure to
dangerous chemicals, (2) unsafe ground conditions due to uneven terrain, debris, construction
materials, and heavy equipment that lead to on-site injuries, (3) extreme temperatures which can
lead to related illness and injury.

                                                         14 PHDATA 5241586_1
         Use of the Identified System will increase ground safety by eliminating ground surveying
and the hazards associated therewith. By flying the Identified System over the project sites,
rather than putting workers on the ground, the hazards stemming from these conditions will be
removed.

         The use of the Identified System for these purposes will achieve significant economic
efficiencies as well. The Identified System can complete each surveying task in under fifteen
minutes, a drastic reduction in the amount of time as compared to surveyors who conduct ground
surveys, who may otherwise spend three or more hours at a time in these conditions.

         Finally, inspections and monitoring of project sites by the Identified System will help
project site owners identify dangerous conditions, including possible fires which have the
potential to spread as wildfires, and may prevent serious injury to employees and other on-site
and near-site personnel.

         For all these reasons, the sUAS operations contemplated by Identified Technologies
achieve a level of safety equal to or greater than that which would be achieved by flying a much
larger manned aircraft carrying crew and flammable fuel for the same purposes.

IX. Exemptions Requested under Section 333

         Identified Technologies requests that an exemption be granted from the following
         regulations:

    A. 14 CFR Part 21
    B. 14 CFR 43.7
    C. 14 CFR 43.11
    D. 14 CFR 45.11
    E. 14 CFR 45.21
    F. 14 CFR 45.23(b)
    G. 14 CFR 45.27
    H. 14 CFR 45.29
    I. 14 CFR 61.113(a) and (b)
    J. 14 CFR 67
    K. 14 CFR 91.7(a)
    L. 14 CFR 91.9(b)(2)
    M. 14 CFR 91.9(c)
    N. 14 CFR 91.103(b)
    O. 14 CFR 91.109
    P. 14 CFR 91.119
    Q. 14 CFR 91.121
    R. 14 CFR 91.151(a)
    S. 14 CFR 91.203(a) and (b)
    T. 14 CFR 91.405(a)

         14 CFR 91.407(a)(1)
         14 CFR 91.409(a)(2)
         14 CFR 91.417(a) and (b)

         The regulations and the basis for an exemption are set forth as follows.

                                                         15 PHDATA 5241586_1
         A. 14 CFR Part 21 Certification Procedures for Products and Parts--prescribes the
             procedural requirements for issuing and changing design approvals, production
             approvals, airworthiness certificates, and airworthiness approvals.

         Identified Technologies requests an exemption from 14 CFR Part 21 to the extent
applicable. This exemption meets the requirements for an equivalent level of safety pursuant to
Section 333 based on the small size, light weight, relatively slow speed, safety and fail-safe
system specifications of the Identified System, and its use in controlled rural environments on
private land with restricted public access, as described previously in this Petition. Moreover, the
Identified System carries no fuel and is therefore not at risk of fuel spillage and fire in the event
of an accident.

         If the exemption is granted, and an airworthiness certificate is not required, noise
certification and testing also will not be required. See FAA, Public Guidance for Petitions for
Exemption Filed Under Section 333 (September 25, 2014), at 4. In any event, the Identified
System is a small, battery powered system designed to emit very little noise.

         Notwithstanding the foregoing, the FAA has previously determined that relief under Part
21 is not necessary for petitioners who have presented facts substantially similar to those
presented by Identified Technologies. (See Exemption Nos. 11109, 11114, 11062, 11136, 11138,
referenced in Section I, above).

         B. 14 CFR 43.7 Persons authorized to approve aircraft, airframes, aircraft engines,
             propellers, appliances, or component parts for return to service after
             maintenance, preventive maintenance, rebuilding, or alteration--provides that
             the holder of a mechanic certificate or a repair station certificate may approve an
             aircraft, airframe, aircraft engine, propeller, appliance, or component part for return to
             service.

         Identified Technologies requests an exemption from 14 CFR 43.7. The Identified System
is comprised of parts and components that are no different from a model aircraft, and the
contemplated operators of the Identified System, who will maintain and when necessary repair
the System, have engineering degrees. The operators will conduct inspections and maintenance
based on maintenance guidelines, attached for reference as Exhibit B. The capabilities of these
operators to maintain and repair the Identified System will meet the requirements for an
equivalent level of safety pursuant to Section 333 for the type of sUAS, its intended use, and the
intended operating environment and locations.

         C. 14 CFR 43.11 Content, form, and disposition of records for inspections
             conducted under parts 91 and 125--provides, in pertinent part, that maintenance
             record entries be maintained and a record for the listing of discrepancies and placards
             by inspectors be maintained.

         Identified Technologies requests an exemption from 14 CFR 43.11. The Identified
System's central frame is less than 6 inches high. There is no room on the sUAS to store or
display placards or records. Additionally, no inspections for the Identified System have been

                                                         16 PHDATA 5241586_1
conducted or certified by FAA at the present time. However, as a condition to the approval of
exemption, Identified Technologies is willing to keep log books of all maintenance and repairs,
and such log books will be available at each project site during the sUAS operations.

         D. 14 CFR 45.11 Marking of Products--prescribes, in pertinent part, that the
             manufacturers of aircraft, engines and propellers mark such aircraft, engines, or
             propellers with an approved fireproof identification plate.

         Identified Technologies requests an exemption from 14 CFR 45.11. The Identified
System, due to its small size, does not have room for fireproof identification plates to be placed
in it. Any required fireproof identification plates could become hazardous due to the additional
weight and strain placed on the System.

         E. 14 CFR 45.21 General--prescribes, in pertinent part, that no person may operate a
             U.S.-registered aircraft unless that aircraft displays nationality and registration marks
             in accordance with the requirements of this section and §§45.23 through 45.33.

         Identified Technologies requests an exemption from 14 CFR 45.21. To date, no
requirements or procedures for obtaining a registration mark for a sUAS have been established
by the FAA. However, as a condition to the approval of exemption, Identified Technologies is
willing to be assigned a registration number and to display it to the extent practicable.]

             F. 14 CFR 45.23(b) Display of Marks; general--prescribes, in pertinent part, that
             when marks include only the Roman capital letter "N" and the registration number is
             displayed on limited, restricted, or 2 light-sport category aircraft or experimental or
             provisionally certificated aircraft, the operator must also display on that aircraft near
             each entrance to the cabin, cockpit, or pilot station, in letters not less than 2 inches
             nor more than 6 inches high, the words "limited," "restricted," "light-sport,"
             "experimental," or "provisional," as applicable.

         Identified Technologies requests an exemption from 14 CFR 45.23(b), to the extent
applicable. The Identified System's center airframe is less than 6" in height. Due to its small size,
the Identified System does not have room to display aircraft marks in a conventional size.
However, as a condition to the approval of exemption, Identified Technologies is willing to affix
an aircraft mark to one or more of the "arms" of the Identified System mainframe. The size of the
marking will be determined by the size of the "arm" being used and may be less than 1 inch in
size.

         The word "Experimental" will be placed on the center frame of the Identified System in
compliance with §45.29(f). However, a partial exemption from this display regulation is
requested as the sUAS will have no entrance to the cabin, cockpit or pilot station on which the
word "Experimental" can be placed. Given the size of the sUAS, two-inch lettering will be
impossible.

         The equivalent level of safety will be provided by having the Identified Technologies
sUAS marked on its center frame as required by §45.29 (f), where the PIC, observer and others
working with the sUAS will see the identification of the sUAS as "Experimental." The requested
exemption is consistent with previous exemptions issued by the FAA--the FAA has previously
determined that relief under 14 CFR 45.23(b) is not necessary for petitioners who have present
facts substantially similar to those presented by Identified Technologies. (See Exemption Nos.
11109, 11114, 11062, 11136, 11138, referenced in Section I, above).

                                                         17 PHDATA 5241586_1
         G. 14 C.F.R. 45.27 Location of Marks; nonfixed-wing aircraft--prescribes, in
             pertinent part, that each operator of a rotorcraft must display on that rotorcraft
             horizontally on both surfaces of the cabin, fuselage, boom, or tail the marks required
             by §45.23.

         Identified Technologies requests an exemption from 14 C.F.R. 45.27. The Identified
Systems does not have a cabin, fuselage, boom or tail to display the marks as required by §45.23.
Identified Technologies will place marks, to the extent practicable, on one of the "arms" of the
main frame of the sUAS.

             H. 14 C.F.R. 45.29: Size of Marks--prescribes, in pertinent part, that the
             registration marks for rotorcraft must be at least 12 inches high.

         Identified Technologies requests an exemption from 14 CFR 45.29. The Identified
System, due to its small size, does not have any surface area large enough to display marks that
are 12 inches high. As a condition to the approval of exemption, however, Identified
Technologies is willing to affix an aircraft mark to one or more of the "arms" of the main frame
of the sUAS. The size of the marking will be determined by the size of the "arm" being used and
may be less than 1 inch in size.

             I. 14 CFR 61.113(a) and (b) Private pilot privileges and limitations: Pilot in
             command--prescribe that (a) No person who holds a private pilot certificate may act
             as a pilot in command (PIC) of an aircraft that is carrying passengers or property for
             compensation or hire; nor may that person, for compensation or hire, act as the PIC of
             an aircraft; (b) A private pilot may, for compensation or hire, act as PIC of an aircraft
             in connection with any business or employment if (1) the flight is only incidental to
             that business or employment; and (2) the aircraft does not carry passengers or
             property for compensation or hire.

         Identified Technologies requests an exemption from 14 C.F.R. 61.113. It is contemplated
that the PIC (pilot in command) of the sUAS will not possess a private or commercial license.
However, because (i) the sUAS is no different a model aircraft, weighs less than 15 lbs.
including payload, and will not carry any pilot or passengers, (ii) the area of operation is
controlled and restricted, (iii) all flights will be planned and coordinated in advance, and (iv) the
maximum altitude of the sUAS will not exceed 400 feet AGL, the proposed operations will
achieve the equivalent level of safety of current operations by manned aircraft with airmen
holding a private or commercial pilots license.

         For conducting safe sUAS operations, it is more important that the PIC of the sUAS be
experienced, particularly with the sUAS at issue, than for the PIC to have a pilot's license. The
PICs operating under this exemption will be experienced. The two PICs currently contemplated
by Identified Technologies have engineering degrees and a deep knowledge of sUAS systems,
1.5 years of radio control aircraft experience and has recreationally flown the Identified System
in excess of 150 flights, and, therefore, meets or exceeds the present level of safety envisioned
under this Section.

                                                         18 PHDATA 5241586_1
         Model aircraft, RC planes, and even certain unmanned military systems are routinely
flown, successfully and safely, by hobbyists or personnel who do not have a private or
commercial license. Research into this area has shown that the skill set needed to successfully
and safely operate the UAS is very different from the set of skills needed by a pilot of manned
aircraft. In fact, research has shown that a manned aircraft pilot is not equipped, merely by virtue
of his obtaining pilot certification, to fly or operate a remote-controlled unmanned aircraft safely.
In fact, in some cases a manned aircraft pilot's training may be counterproductive when
operating unmanned aircraft.3

         Identified Technologies recognizes that the FAA, in addressing other Section 333
exemption requests, has made it clear that it does not have the requisite authority to exempt a
petitioner from the statutory requirement to hold an airman certificate under 49 USC § 44711,
and has found that a pilot certificate would ensure that a PIC passes the security screening of the
Department of Homeland Security.

         If the FAA is unwilling to grant this exemption on the same grounds, Identified
Technologies asks that the FAA grant it the same relief that it has granted to other petitioners
who presented substantially similar facts to that of Identified Technologies. See Exemption Nos.
11109, 11114, 11062, 11136, 11138, referenced in Section I, above. For example, in the Trudeau
Exemption, the FAA required the PIC to obtain at minimum, a private pilot license and outlined a
training program to substantiate the PICs experience. Identified Technologies has already
adopted the same training program and if necessary, will require that its PIC obtains a private
pilot license.

             J. 14 CFR Part 67 Medical Standards and Certification--gives the FAA the
             authority to issue the necessary medical standards and certifications for pilots. FAA
             Notice 8900.227, paragraph 16.c.(4) PIC Medical, states, in pertinent part, that the
             PIC must maintain, at a minimum, a valid FAA second-class medical certificate
             issued under 14 CFR Part 67, Medical Standards and Certification, or the FAA-
             recognized equivalent. Paragraph 16.e.(1) of the same Notice requires, in pertinent
             part, that all observers must have a valid FAA second-class medical certificate issued
             under part 67; an FAA-recognized equivalent is an acceptable means of
             demonstrating compliance with this requirement. The FAA notes that the notice
             referenced above is now incorporated into FAA Order 8900.1, vol. 16, ch. 4., sec. 1.

3 Examples of this research can be found in (1) Michael J. Barnes, Beverly G. Knapp, Barry W. Tillman,
Brett A. Walters & Darlene Veliki, Crew Systems Analysis of Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) Future Job
and Tasking Environments, Technical Report ARL- TR-2081, Aberdeen Proving Ground, MD: Army
Research Laboratory, page 12 (2000); (2) Kevin W. Williams, Unmanned Aircraft Pilot Medical
Certification Requirements, Report DOT/FAA/AM-07/3, FAA Civil Aerospace Medical Institute, page 2,
(2007), available at http://fas.org/irp/program/collect/ua-pilot.pdf; and (3) Jason S. McCarley &
Christopher D. Wickens, Human Factors Implications of UAVs in the National Airspace, Institute of
Aviation, Aviation Human Factors Division, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, 13 (2004),
available at http://www.tc.faa.gov/logistics/grants/pdf/2004/04-G-032.pdf, citing Barnes, supra.

                                                         19 PHDATA 5241586_1
         Identified Technologies requests an exemption from FAA Notice 8900.227, paragraph
16.c.(4) and 16.e.(1) which requires that a PIC require a valid FAA second-class medical
certificate under 14 CFR 67. Identified Technologies' currently contemplated PICs do not
currently hold a valid FAA medical certificate. Identified Technologies respectfully submits that
a second-class medical certificate is unwarranted in this instance because (i) the sUAS is no
different a model aircraft, weighs less than 5 lbs. including payload, and will not carry any pilot
or passengers, (ii) the area of operation is controlled and restricted, and (iii) all flights will be
planned and coordinated in advance with an auto-pilot feature and fail-safe programs to account
for user error. There is little chance that the medical condition of the PIC will affect the
Identified System operations in any unsafe or damaging way.

         To the extent the FAA requires the PIC to obtain a valid FAA medical certificate as a
condition of permitting Identified System operations, however, Identified Technologies asks that
the FAA grant it the same relief that it has granted to other petitioners who presented
substantially similar facts to that of Identified Technologies. See Exemption Nos. 11109, 11114,
11062, 11136, 11138, referenced in Section I herein. For example, in the Trudeau Exemption, the
FAA found that a PIC holding a private pilot certificate and a third-class airman medical
certificate is appropriate for the proposed operations. If the grant of this Petition is conditioned
upon the PIC obtaining a valid FAA medical certificate, Identified Technologies will of course
comply with that condition.

         K. 14 CFR 91.7(a) Civil aircraft airworthiness--prescribes that no person may
             operate a civil aircraft unless it is in an airworthy condition.

         Identified Technologies requests an exemption from 14 CFR 91.7(a). Currently there is
no standard for determining the airworthiness of an sUAS, and no airworthiness certificate can
be issued for the Identified System should this exemption be granted.

         An equivalent level of safety is met, given the size, weight, and performance
specifications of the Identified System, as well as the requirements contained in the flight
operations described above, including the maintenance procedures and use of safety check lists
prior to each flight that have been submitted as Exhibit B.

         L. 14 CFR. 91.9(b)(2) Civil aircraft flight manual, marking, and placard
             requirements--prescribes, in pertinent part, that no person may operate U.S.-
             registered civil aircraft unless there is available in the aircraft a current approved
             Airplane or Rotorcraft Flight Manual, approved manual material, markings, and
             placards, or any combination thereof. Approvals are granted under 14 CFR 91.203 (a)
             and (b).

         Identified Technologies requests an exemption from 14 CFR 91.9(b)(2). First, there is
currently no approval process for Airplane or Rotorcraft Flight Manuals. Second, the FAA has
previously determined that relief from this section is not required, provided that relevant
materials are kept in a location accessible to the PIC in compliance with the regulations. See the
Trudeau Exemption at pg. 17. Identified Technologies has developed a flight operations manual
and relevant materials for use during the Identified System operations, which it requires to be
readily accessible to the PIC and VO during all Identified System operations.

                                                         20 PHDATA 5241586_1
         M. 14 C.F.R. 91.9(c) Civil aircraft flight manual, marking, and placard
             requirements--prescribes that "(c) No person may operate a U.S.-registered civil
             aircraft unless that aircraft is identified in accordance with part 45 of this chapter."

         Identified Technologies requests an exemption from 14 CFR 91.9(c). As previously
stated, there is no current registration process for sUAS; and the Identified System, due to its
small size, does not have room to contain fireproof placard or to display aircraft marks in a
conventional size. However, as a condition to the approval of petition, Identified Technologies is
willing to affix an aircraft mark to one or more of the "arms" of the Identified Technologies
sUAS. The size of the marking will be determined by the size of the "arm" being used and may
be less than 1 inch in size.

             N. 14 CFR 91.103(b)(2) Preflight action--prescribes that each PIC shall, before
             beginning a flight, become familiar with all available information concerning that
             flight. This information must include... (b) For any flight, runway lengths at airports
             of intended use, and the following takeoff and landing distance information: (1) For
             civil aircraft for which an approved Airplane or Rotorcraft Flight Manual containing
             takeoff and landing distance data is required, the takeoff and landing distance data
             contained therein; and (2) For civil aircraft other than those specified in paragraph
             (b)(1) of this section, other reliable information appropriate to the aircraft, relating to
             aircraft performance under expected values of airport elevation and runway slope,
             aircraft gross weight, and wind and temperature.

         Identified Technologies requests an exemption from 14 CFR 91.103(b)(2). Currently,
there is currently no approval process for Airplane or Rotorcraft Flight Manuals. However, the
Identified Technologies PIC will, prior to conducting any sUAS operations, become familiar
with all available information concerning that flight. Such actions, described at length in this
Petition, will include reviewing weather conditions and visibility, flight battery life, landing and
takeoff distances, and all other aircraft performance data prior to any Identified System
operations. The flights of the Identified System will only be conducted at Appropriate Project
Sites, with the PIC and VO having extensive knowledge of the operating environment. .

         O. 14 CFR 91.109 Flight instruction; Simulated instrument flight and certain flight
             tests--prescribes, in pertinent part, that no person may operate a civil aircraft (except
             a manned free balloon) that is being used for flight instruction unless that aircraft has
             fully functioning dual controls.

         Identified Technologies requests an exemption from 14 CFR 91.109. Remotely piloted
aircraft, including the Identified System, are designed and constructed without dual controls.
Flight control will be accomplished through the use of a control box that communicates with the
aircraft via radio communications. The equivalent level of safety is provided by the limited size
and speed of the aircraft and by the fact that neither a pilot nor passengers will be carried in the
aircraft. Moreover, the Identified System has a control system with a mix mode feature that
allows for intermittent manual override of the autopilot control to achieve maximum safety and
controlled operation of the Identified System.

         P. 14 CFR 91.119 Minimum safe altitudes: General--prescribes that, except when
             necessary for takeoff or landing, no person may operate an aircraft below the
             following altitudes: (a) Anywhere. An altitude allowing, if a power unit fails, an

                                                         21 PHDATA 5241586_1
             emergency landing without undue hazard to persons or property on the surface. (b)
             Over congested areas. Over any congested area of a city, town, or settlement, or over
             any open-air assembly of persons, an altitude of 1,000 feet above the highest obstacle
             within a horizontal radius of 2,000 feet of the aircraft. (c) Over other than congested
             areas. An altitude of 500 feet above the surface, except over open water or sparsely
             populated areas. In those cases, the aircraft may not be operated closer than 500 feet
             to any person, vessel, vehicle, or structure. (d) Helicopters, powered parachutes, and
             weight-shift-control aircraft. If the operation is conducted without hazard to persons
             or property on the surface ... (1) A helicopter may be operated at less than the
             minimums prescribed in paragraph (b) or paragraph (c) of this section, provided each
             person operating the helicopter complies with any routes or altitudes specifically
             prescribed for helicopters by the FAA; and (2) A powered parachute or weight-shift-
             control aircraft may be operated at less than the minimums prescribed in paragraph
             (c) of this section.

         Identified Technologies requests an exemption from 14 CFR 91.119. Identified
Technologies will not operate the Identified System at an altitude higher than 400 feet AGL.
Furthermore, while Identified Technologies will not be operating over any congested areas, the
sUAS will necessarily be flown closer to 500 feet to the structures it will be examining.

         The requirements set out in this petition for the sUAS operations contemplated by
Identified Technologies provide for an equal or greater level of safety that would be provided by
the operation of manned aircraft maintaining a distance of at least "500 feet to any person,
vessel, vehicle, or structure," in light of the small size and relatively light weight of the sUAS,
the close monitoring of the flight by both the pilot in command and the secondary ground crew
member, the remote and secured nature of the operating environment, and the other detailed
operating limitations described in this Petition.

         Q. 14 CFR 91.121 Altimeter settings--prescribes, in pertinent part, each person
             operating an aircraft to maintain cruising altitude by reference to an altimeter that is
             set "to the elevation of the departure airport or an appropriate altimeter setting
             available before departure."

         Identified Technologies requests an exemption from 14 CFR 91.121. Identified
Technologies will not operate the Identified System above 400 feet AGL, nor will it operate the
Identified System at a sustained cruising altitude like a manned aircraft. The laptop used in the
ground station has live feedback information about the Identified System operation, including
but not limited to, the altitude of the sUAS, its forward velocity, and the compass heading. The
PIC will be able to observe and control the maximum altitude of the Identified System at all
times. Additionally, the sUAS will be operated within the line of sight. For all these reasons, an
equivalent level of safety to that contemplated by Section 91.121 will be provided.

         R. 14 CFR 91.151(a) Fuel requirements for flight in VFR conditions--prescribes that
             no person may begin a flight in an airplane under visual flight rules (VFR) conditions
             unless (considering wind and forecast weather conditions) there is enough fuel to fly
             to the first point of intended landing and, assuming normal cruising speed ... (1)
             During the day, to fly after that for at least 30 minutes; or (2) At night, to fly after that
             for at least 45 minutes.

                                                         22 PHDATA 5241586_1
         Identified Technologies requests an exemption from 14 CFR Part 91.151(a). The
Identified System will be operated in a manner that is at least as safe as the operation of a
manned aircraft complying with Part 91.151(a) because the Identified System will only be flown
in daylight, and the short distances over which the sUAS will be operated (substantially less than
one mile) will allow the sUAS to be flown to a safe landing point within the area of operation
within a short period of time.

         During the entire pre-programmed flight, the PIC will always have a visual line of sight
and be prepared to take over. The PIC's Tx has a flight count down timer which is set to a
minimum of 20% battery reserve (defined as allowing an additional 3 minutes of flight time);
more than enough to safely fly the sUAS back to the roped off "home" area.

         Given the limited size and speed of the sUAS, its ability to land safely almost anywhere,
the fact that it will be under the PICand VO's visual observation at all times, and will be operated
in a tightly controlled area, where all people other than the PIC and VO will be removed before
flight, permitting its operation with less than 30 minutes of reserve fuel does not engender the
type of risks that Section 91.151(a) was intended to alleviate.

         S. 14 CFR 91.203(a) and (b) Civil aircraft: Certifications required--. Section
             91.203(a) prescribes, in pertinent part, that no person may operate a civil aircraft
             unless it has within it--(1) An appropriate and current airworthiness certificate; and
             (2) An effective U.S. registration certificate issued to its owner or, for operation
             within the United States, the second copy of the Aircraft Registration Application as
             provided for in § 47.31(c). Section 91.203(b) prescribes, in pertinent part, that no
             person may operate a civil aircraft unless the airworthiness certificate or a special
             flight authorization issued under § 91.715 is displayed at the cabin or cockpit entrance
             so that it is legible to passengers or crew.

         Identified Technologies requests an exemption from 14 CFR 91.203(a) and (b). First,
there currently are no procedures set forth by the FAA for providing airworthiness certificates for
sUAS. As a condition to the approval of exemption, however, Identified Technologies will
display on the sUAS a registration certificate or equivalent that is issued by FAA pursuant to this
petition at the ground point control, where the operator will have immediate access to it.

         Second, the sUAS Identified Technologies will use the Boomerang, which has an
equivalent level of safety as manned aircraft with an airworthiness certificate. The PixHawk
flight controller provides a number of safety features in addition to acting as the command and
control Rx bound to the Turnigy TGY 9x brand Tx. Because of the use of GPS with the sUAS,
the operator will set the initial location of flight takeoff ("home position") and if the radio control
link is broken, the PixHawk flight controller will recognize this broken control link and cause the
sUAS to automatically return to the home position as recorded by the GPS instrumentation.
Additionally, because the sUAS team will mark off an area with traffic cones having a 20-ft.
radius, approximately 30 ft. from the operators, that will be used as the "home position" for the
sUAS to return, no one will be standing in the way of the path. See Exhibits A and B.

         In the restricted environment and under the conditions proposed, operation of the sUAS
will be at least as safe as a conventional aircraft (fixed wing or rotorcraft) operating with an
airworthiness certificate, but without the restrictions and conditions proposed by Identified
Technologies. Identified Technologies will not accept assignments from clients who are within 5

                                                         23 PHDATA 5241586_1
miles of controlled airspace without first gaining written and/or oral permission from air traffic
control (ATC).

         The Identified System to be operated hereunder is less than 5 pounds inclusive of
batteries and technical payload, carries neither a pilot nor passengers, and carries no explosive
materials or flammable liquid fuels. The Identified System will be tightly controlled and
monitored by the PIC and VO, and under the requirements and in compliance with local public
safety requirements, to provide security for the area of operation. The FAA will have advance
notice of all operations. These safety enhancements provide a greater degree of safety to the
public and property owners than conventional operations conducted with airworthiness
certificates. Lastly, application of these same criteria demonstrates that there is no credible threat
to national security posed by the Identified System, due to its size, speed of operation, location of
operation, lack of explosive materials or flammable liquid fuels, and inability to carry a
substantial payload.

         T. 14 CFR 91.405(a) Maintenance Required, 91.407(a)(1) Operation after
             maintenance, preventive maintenance, rebuilding, or alteration, 91.409(a)(2)
             Inspections, 91.-417(a) and (b) Maintenance Records--Section 91.405(a)
             prescribes, in pertinent part, that each aircraft operator or owner shall have that
             aircraft inspected as prescribed in subpart E of this part and shall, between required
             inspections, except as provided in paragraph (c) of this section, have discrepancies
             repaired as prescribed in part 43, Maintenance, Preventive, Maintenance, Rebuilding,
             and Alteration. Section 91.407(a)(1) prescribes that no person may operate any
             aircraft that has undergone maintenance, preventive maintenance, rebuilding, or
             alteration unless it has been approved for return to service by a person authorized
             under § 43.7 of this chapter. Section 91.409(a)(2) prescribes, in pertinent part, that no
             person may operate an aircraft unless, within the preceding 12 calendar months, it has
             had an inspection for the issuance of an airworthiness certificate in accordance with
             part 21. Section 91.417(a) and (b) prescribe, in pertinent part, that ... (a) Each
             registered owner or operator shall keep the following records for the periods specified
             in paragraph (b) of this section: (1) Records of the maintenance, preventive
             maintenance, and alteration and records of the 100-hour, annual, progressive, and
             other required or approved inspections, as appropriate, for each aircraft (including the
             airframe) and each engine, propeller, rotor, and appliance of an aircraft. The records
             must include ... (i) a description (or reference to data acceptable to the Administrator)
             of the work performed; (ii) the date of completion of the work performed; and (iii) the
             signature and certificate number of the person approving the aircraft for return to
             service. (2) Records containing the following information: (i) The total time in service
             of the airframe, each engine, each propeller, and each rotor. (ii) The current status of
             life-limited parts of each airframe, engine, propeller, rotor, and appliance. (iii) The
             time since last overhaul of all items installed on the aircraft that are required to be
             overhauled on a specified time basis. (iv) The current inspection status of the aircraft,
             including the time since the last inspection required by the inspection program under
             which the aircraft and its appliances are maintained. (v) The current status of
             applicable airworthiness directives (AD) and safety directives including, for each, the
             method of compliance, the AD or safety directive number and revision date. If the AD
             or safety directive involves recurring action, the time and date when the next action is
             required. (vi) Copies of the forms prescribed by § 43.9(d) for each major alteration to

                                                         24 PHDATA 5241586_1
             the airframe and currently installed engines, rotors, propellers, and appliances. (b)
             The owner or operator shall retain the following records for the periods prescribed:
             (1) The records specified in paragraph (a)(1) of this section shall be retained until the
             work is repeated or superseded by other work or for 1 year after the work is
             performed. (2) The records specified in paragraph (a)(2) of this section shall be
             retained and transferred with the aircraft at the time the aircraft is sold. (3) A list of
             defects furnished to a registered owner or operator under § 43.11 shall be retained
             until the defects are repaired and the aircraft is approved for return to service.

         Identified Technologies requests an exemption from 14 CFR 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1),
91.409(a)(2), 91.-417(a) and (b). Identified Technologies respectfully submits that it has
demonstrated in its Petition that the capability of the PIC and sUAS operators to maintain and
repair the Identified System meets Section 333's requirement for an equivalent level of safety.
The PIC will perform routine maintenance and inspection of the Identified System and be
authorized to approve the Identified System for return to service. Additionally, the PIC will
ensure that the Identified System is in an airworthy condition prior to any flight, and will conduct
detailed inspections pursuant to the maintenance manuals. Detailed inspection records will be
kept at all times by Identified Technologies. Given the size, construction, and simplicity of the
Identified System, an equivalent level of safety is provided.

X. Certificate of Authorization or Waiver

         This exemption request is a prerequisite to Identified Technologies' application for a
commercial Certificate of Authorization or Waiver (COA) to use the Identified System for the
purpose of conducting aerial surveys and monitoring of secure project sites in support of the civil
engineering industry, including without limitation construction, excavation, transportation
infrastructure, mining, and oil and gas sites.

XI. Conclusion

         Identified Technologies respectfully submits that it has demonstrated that (i) the
Identified System is safe, reliable and will satisfy the FAA's airworthiness assessment, (ii) the
Pilot in Command (PIC) and visual observer (VO) have the requisite knowledge and experience
to ensure the safe operation of the Identified System, (iii) Identified Technologies has developed
and complies with operation procedures and parameters that further ensure safe sUAS operations
in the national airspace, removing any legitimate the threat of harm to humans and property,
including other manned aircraft, and (iv) Identified Technologies' proposed operations, which
include without limitation, the use of the Identified System to conduct aerial imaging, monitoring
and surveying of secure project sites for the benefit of the civil engineering industry, achieve a
level of safety equal to or greater than that which would be achieved by flying a larger manned
aircraft carrying crew and flammable fuel for the same purposes. In addition, permitting use of
the Identified System will achieve various economic and environmental benefits, as well as
significant efficiencies, associated with cost, labor and safety, that serve the public interest.

         Identified Technologies asks that the FAA grant its request for exemption from the afore-
described FARs under Section 333, and approve its operation of the Identified System in the
national airspace in accordance with the limitations and restrictions set forth herein.

                                                         25 PHDATA 5241586_1
