May 28, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 11699
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA-2015-0531

Mr. Ian Sebastian
Member
National Association of Realtors
11771 Laurelwood Drive
Studio City, CA 91604

Dear Mr. Sebastian:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letters dated posted to the docket on March 4 and March 28, 2015, you petitioned the
Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on behalf of I Drone Your Home (hereinafter
petitioner or operator) for an exemption. The petitioner requested to operate an unmanned
aircraft system (UAS) to conduct aerial videography for realtors and private homeowners.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a DJI Phantom 2.

In accordance with the statutory criteria provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in
reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited
operating area associated with the aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation
                                                                                                                 2

has determined that this aircraft meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA
finds that relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts,
Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing
requirements of part 36, is not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

· They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

· The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

· A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, I Drone Your Home is granted an exemption from
14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c),
91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to
the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, I Drone Your Home is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.
                                                                                                            3

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom 2
    when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any
    other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
    (not) permitted.

3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
    exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
    compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
    airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
    aircraft manufacturer.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
    electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
    must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
    required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
                                                                                                            4

    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
                                                                                                            5

    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
                                                                                                               6

       These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
       official upon request.

   24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
       activities at all times.

   25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

   26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
       persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
          a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
             from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
             that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
             where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
             the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
             of nonparticipating persons; and
          b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
             for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
             the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
             present an undue hazard.

       The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
       nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

   27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
       permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
       Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
       obtained for each flight to be conducted.

   28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
       boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
       to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
       reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
       contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

   29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
       as documented in this grant of exemption.

   30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
       exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
       District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
                                                                                                                 7

         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:

           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted

              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of

              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners

              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.

This exemption terminates on May 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
    Petition for Exemption, requesting relief from the FAA Modernization and
         Reform Act of 2012, Public Law 112-95 FEB. 14, 2012, Section 333.

        Whereas, I Drone Your Home (IDYH) currently, under individual ownership, seeks relief from
airworthiness certification requirements from the above mentioned regulations.

IDYH has been in existence since 4/24/2014 with the express purpose of providing aerial videography
for Realtors and private homeowners.

IDYH is represented by Ian Sebastian, Realtor, a 21 year member of the National Association of
Realtors (NAR), the California Association of Realtors and the Southland Regional Association of
Realtors (SRAR).

Personal Information of Applicant: Ian Sebastian
                                            11771 Laurelwood Drive
                                            Studio City, CA 91604
                                            818-267-7375
                                            ian@runningrealty.com
                                            CalBRE 01138820

                                            Licensed since 6/3/92 member in good standing

IDYH seeks this exemption under the guidelines of Section333 specifically as it relates to the Real
Estate Industry in the greater Los Angeles area under the small UAS rule. We believe that we have put
together a program as responsible operators of an UAS that will stand as an exemplary model on whom
many others entering the market will emulate.

Under the terms of this exemption, it is our intention to safely fly an UAS, specifically a DJI Phantom
2 with an H3 2D gimbal and mounted GoPro Hero3 camera. Additionally the drone vehicle maintains a
FPV connectivity utilizing an Immersion 5.8 GHz 600mW antenna linked with a Lilliput 7 inch HD
field monitor, allowing the pilot to see exactly what the GoPro camera sees. Additionally, our pilot
wears a camera mounted pair of glasses in order to record the actual drone flight, ensuring a recording
of safe and responsible flight.

As air safety is of paramount importance, IDYH has developed a highly structured safety flight manual
for our pilot as well as observer. As recent as the new proposed FAA regulation released as of February
of 2015, IDYH intends to operate well within the most stringent proposal required to operate an
unmanned aircraft in the National Airspace System (NAS). We are prepared to attend any required
course of study, participate in flight evaluation and pay any required fee(s) that may be instituted. We
have many hundreds of combined hours of safe flying in the recreational mode.
Along with this Petition we are respectfully submitting the following support documents.

Exhibit A: Presents our proposed safety guidelines and their implementation incorporated into our
              IDYH POLICY & PROCEDURES Manual.

Exhibit B: Presents IDYH PERMISSION/WAIVER document.
       Addendum to Petition for Exemption, requesting relief from the FAA
       Modernization and Reform Act of 2012, Public Law 112-95 FEB. 14, 2012,
       Section 333.

March 28th 2015

ATT: Ms. Nia Daniels
Program Analyst, Airmen and
Airspace Rules Division

I am in receipt on your letter dated March 12th, 2015.

Forthwith please find my response to your request for additional information as per your letter.

The specific section or sections of 14CFR from which I seek relief are Title 14 Chapter 1 Subchapter
D parts 60 thru 67, specifically 61.1 to 61.429 regarding pilot certification. In addition, I respectfully
request the FAA grant exemptions from regulations that address general flight rules, pilot certificate
requirements, manuals, maintenance and equipment mandates.

I believe that these requirements are unnecessary and tangential to the issue of pilot controlled drone
flight. Additionally, current FAA proposals have omitted this as a future requirement for small UAV's.

I request the use of an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) within the National Airspace System (NAS)
until such time as final rules and regulations become effective, at which time, I will then comply with
the aforementioned rules and regulations.

As to ensuring my security clearance, I voluntarily submit my name and all relevant information for
clearance with any governing board having jurisdiction over this issue. I was vetted by the FBI when I
became a US citizen and again was fingerprinted along with my application as a Realtor with the State
of California. I have never been charged with or convicted of any crime. I submit this information as
true and accurate under penalty of perjury.

Re: Public Interest

I firmly believe that granting this exemption will allow for expanded access to the global real estate
market. In many cases, homes/properties may have restricted or limited access due to numerous factors.
Many properties are "hidden" behind walls and landscaping, resulting in diminished "curb appeal".
Providing this relief would eliminate these problems and lead to increased commerce for both buyers,
sellers, government taxation agencies, real estate affiliated companies, (title, escrow, notary),
construction industry and home improvement businesses who rely on a thriving real estate market.
Additionally UAV's provide for property inspections including roof and chimney that can assist in
identifying hard to observe defects in manufacturing and installation. Camera mounted drones help
mitigate accidents and death occurring from slips and falls which often result in liability claims and
damages to all participants. Invariably, a reduction in risk to life and limb is a general benefit to the
public interest. Lastly, aerial videography provides the viewer with safe access to the property vicinity,
eliminating needless driving to determine how close a property is to a freeway, school, beach or nearby
unsightly development. This in turn reduces exhaust emissions and air pollution. Our UAV's utilize
battery power and have no negative impact on the environment. When fully rolled out, these emission
reductions will be measurable and significant.

In Conclusion:

I would like to add that we are committed to promoting the safe use of UAV's in general and
specifically in regard to real estate and related services. We believe that by allowing "roll models", the
FAA can begin to establish responsible examples for the numerous flying devotees to come.

Note: In accordance with § 11.63 (d), we respectfully propose an effective date of
July 28th, 2015.

Sincerely,

Ian Sebastian CalBRE 01138820
I Drone Your Home
11771 Laurelwood Drive
Studio City, CA 91604
818-267-7375
idroneyourhome@gmail.com
