May 13, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 11575
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­0353

Ms. Yoshino Sugita
Ikust LLC
17077 Texas Avenue
PO Box 57676
Webster, TX 77598

Dear Ms. Sugita:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

The Basis for Our Decision

By letter posted February 11, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration
(FAA) on behalf of Ikust LLC (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption. The
petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct aerial
videography and cinematography including real estate listing pictures and videos.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a DJI Phantom 2 Vision+.
                                                                                                                 2

In accordance with the statutory criteria provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in
reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited
operating area associated with the aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation
has determined that this aircraft meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA
finds that the relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts,
Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing
requirements of part 36, is not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

· They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

· The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

· A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Ikust LLC is granted an exemption from 14 CFR
§§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121,
91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to the
extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Ikust LLC is hereafter referred to as the operator.
                                                                                                                 3

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom 2
         Vision+ when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations
         of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
         must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
         documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
         Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
         limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
         the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
         Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
         documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
         operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
         documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
                                                                                                            4

    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
                                                                                                            5

    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.
                                                                                                               6

   23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
       any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
       PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
       These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
       official upon request.

   24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
       activities at all times.

   25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

   26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
       persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
          a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
             from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
             that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
             where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
             the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
             of nonparticipating persons; and
          b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
             for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
             the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
             present an undue hazard.

       The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
       nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

   27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
       permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
       Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
       obtained for each flight to be conducted.

   28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
       boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
       to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
       reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
       contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

   29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
       as documented in this grant of exemption.
                                                                                                                 7

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.

This exemption terminates on May 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service
                                          Petition for Exemption/Rulemaking
                                               Ikust LLC, Yoshino Sugita

 I. The specific section or sections of 14 CFR from which you seek an exemption

         This request adds the Petition for Exemption (FAA-2015-0353) submitted on Feb. 10,
         2015 by Yoshino Sugita, Ikust LLC.

         A application of 91.119 (d) (1) of Title 14, Code of Federal Regulations to PHANTOM 2
         Vision+ quad-copter unmanned aircraft system (UAS)

         An exemption of of 91.119 (b) (c) of Title 14, Code of Federal Regulations to
         PHANTOM 2 Vision+ quad-copter unmanned aircraft system (UAS)

II. The extent of relief you seek, and the reason you seek the relief

         The proposed exemption is to operate the PHANTOM 2 Vision+ quad-copter unmanned
         aircraft system (UAS) to conduct aerial videography and cinematography including real
         estate listing picture and videos under 91.119 (d) (1). Request below is added to FAA-
         2015-0353 due to the FAA new proposal, DOT and FAA Propose New Rules for Small
         Unmanned Aircraft Systems, published on the FAA website on February 15, 2015.

         Realtors have always looked for new tools to advertise properties. Online listings have
         included photo galleries, then satellite images and Google Street View. Many Realtors
         believe that drone photography is the logical next step. The drone will help not only
         Realtors also to home buyers to make a right decision for their future homes.

         FAR 91.119 discusses about minimum safe altitude. A application of 91.119 (d) (1) of
         Title 14, Code of Federal Regulations to PHANTOM 2 Vision+ quad-copter unmanned
         aircraft system (UAS) is requested here.

         (a) Anywhere. An altitude allowing, if a power unit fails, an emergency landing without
         undue hazard to persons or property on the surface.
         (b) Over congested areas. Over any congested area of a city, town, or settlement, or over
         any open air assembly of persons, an altitude of 1,000 feet above the highest obstacle
         within a horizontal radius of 2,000 feet of the aircraft.
         (c) Over other than congested areas. An altitude of 500 feet above the surface, except
         over open water or sparsely populated areas. In those cases, the aircraft may not be
         operated closer than 500 feet to any person, vessel, vehicle, or structure.
         (d) Helicopters, powered parachutes, and weight-shift-control aircraft. If the
         operation is conducted without hazard to persons or property on the surface--

                  (1) A helicopter may be operated at less than the minimums prescribed in
                  paragraph (b) or (c) of this section, provided each person operating the
                  helicopter complies with any routes or altitudes specifically prescribed for
                  helicopters by the FAA.
          PHANTOM 2 Vision+ is quad-copter unmanned aircraft system (UAS). It takes off and
          lands vertically, hovers, and flies forward, backward, and laterally. According to DIJ, the
          hover accuracy of the PHANTOM 2 Vision+ is 0.8meter (2.6 feet) vertically and 2.5
          meters (8.2 feet) horizontally. Therefore, 91.119 (d)(1) is applicable for PHANTOM 2
          Vision+ , and it can maintain less than the minimums prescribed in paragraph (b) or (c) of
          FAR 91.119.

                                   PHANTOM 2 Vision+ (DJI user's manual, 2015)
          DIJ developed the safety systems that allow PHANTOM 2 Vision+ to fly safely. First,
          DIJ developed a flight limitation system to prohibit the UAV to fly into airport. For detail,
          please see the attached pdf file.

                                             No Fly Zone defined (DIJ, 2015)
          Another safety system is the altitude and distance limits. By creating a small boundary on
          a property, PHANTOM 2 Vision+ remains in the pre-programmed zone and fly safely in
          the zone. It automatically a descent vertically when a GPS signal is lost. In addition, DIJ
          states that the PHANTOM 2 Vision+ can come back to home with one click command
          ("go home" function).
III. The reasons why granting your request would be in the public interest; that is, how it would
        benefit the public as a whole;
          Exemption Case #11138 is approved because FAA found that public benefit from the
          UAV technology to conduct aerial videography and cinematography including real estate
          listing picture and videos. In Exemption Case #11138, the FAA notes that avoidance of
          areas which are depicted in "yellow" on VFR charts is a practicable step in assuring that
          operations are not conducted over congested or densely populated areas. However, the
          use of UAV for the real estate listing picture and videos is unique because it only flies
          very limited space within the property boundary with a home owner's consent. The UAV
          remains on the property boundary, instead of crossing and flying over people and other
          buildings. As long as the UAV stays close to the house that is photographed, it is safely
          operated by a PIC.

                             Proposed UAV operation area in property boundary

IV. The reasons why granting the exemption would not adversely affect safety, or how the
        exemption would provide a level of safety at least equal to that provided by the rule from
        which you seek the exemption
          Exemption Case #11138 is already approved by FAA on January 5, 2015. All conditions
          and limitations (item #1-29 and 31-33) listed in the Regulatory Docket No. FAA-2014-
          0481 will be followed.

 V. A summary we can publish in the Federal Register, stating:
          The proposed exemption follows Case #11138 is approved on January 5, 2015. The
          PHANTOM 2 Vision+ quad-copter unmanned aircraft system (UAS) is used to conduct
          aerial videography. Using Case #11138 as a base, an application of 91.119 (b) (1) of Title
          14, Code of Federal Regulations to PHANTOM 2 Vision+ quad-copter unmanned
          aircraft system (UAS) is requested.

VI. A brief description of the nature of the exemption you seek
There are two requests in addition to the Petition for Exemption submitted on Feb. 10,
2015 (FAA-2015-0353).

(1) A application of 91.119 (d) (1) of Title 14, Code of Federal Regulations to
    PHANTOM 2 Vision+ quad-copter unmanned aircraft system (UAS)

(2) An exemption of of 91.119 (b) (c) of Title 14, Code of Federal Regulations to
    PHANTOM 2 Vision+ quad-copter unmanned aircraft system (UAS)

Yoshino Sugita is CFI, CFII and MEI. She is also a member of Houston Association of
REALTORS®. She meets all PIC requirements mentioned in item #16 of the conditions
and limitations in the Regulatory Docket No. FAA-2014-0481.

Item #16 of the conditions and limitations
Prior to operations conducted for the purpose of aerial videography/cinematography and
augmenting real estate listing videos (or similar operations), the PIC must have
accumulated and logged, in a manner consistent with 14 CFR 61.51(b), a minimum of 5
hours as UAS pilot operating the make and model of the UAS to be used in operations
under the exemption; 5 hours make and model time may be included in the 10 hours of
multi-rotor time prescribed above. The PIC must accomplish 3 take-offs and landings in
the preceding 90 days (for currency purposes). Training, proficiency, experience-building,
and take-off and landing currency flights can be conducted under this grant of exemption
to accomplish the required flight time and 90 day currency. However, said training
operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During training,
proficiency, and experience-building flights the PIC is required to operate the UA with
appropriate distances in accordance with 14 CFR 91.119.

It will not be used outside of USA at this time.

Yoshino Sugita
Ysugita.aerospace@gmail.com
832-691-1796
