August 14, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12461
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­1826

Mr. Jerry Speasl
ImageKeeper LLC
President and CEO
P. O. Box 27740
Las Vegas, NV 89126

Dear Mr. Speasl:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated May 18, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of ImageKeeper LLC (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption. The
petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct aerial data
collection.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner are the 3D Robotics IRIS+, DJI Phantom 2, and the DJI
Inspire 1.

In accordance with the statutory criteria provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in
reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited
                                                                                                                 2

operating area associated with the aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation
has determined that this aircraft meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA
finds that relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts,
Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing
requirements of part 36, is not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, ImageKeeper LLC is granted an exemption from
14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c),
91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to
the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                             3

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, ImageKeeper LLC is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the 3D Robotics
    IRIS+, DJI Phantom 2, and DJI Inspire 1 when weighing less than 55 pounds
    including payload. Proposed operations of any other aircraft will require a new
    petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
    not permitted.

3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
    exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
    compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
    airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
    aircraft manufacturer.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.

    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
    electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
    must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
    required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
                                                                                                            4

    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.
                                                                                                            5

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.
                                                                                                            6

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

    The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
    nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
    reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
    contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.
                                                                                                                 7

 If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
 television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                      8

This exemption terminates on August 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,
/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
n

HmageKeeR~f

             U. S. Department of Transportation, Docket Operations
             West Building Ground Floor, Room W12-140
             1200 New Jersey Avenue, S.E.
             Washington, D.C. 20590

             Subject: ImageKeeper's Request for Exemptions Pursuant to FMRA Section 333
             and Part 11, FARs to Use Small Unmanned Aircraft Systems in the property
             and casualty insurance industry

             Dear Sir or Madam:

                Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA modernization and Reform Act of 2012
             ("FMRA") and 14 C.F.R. Part 11, lmageKeeper LLC hereby petitions for exemptions
             from the listed Federal Aviation Regulations ("FARs") and any other rules necessary
             to allow operation of small unmanned aircraft systems ("UAS") under the conditions
             set forth in this petition. FMRA Section 333 grants the FAA authority to allow the
             operation of certain UAS within the national airspace. ImageKeeper respectfully
             requests authorization to conduct small UAS operations (aerial data collection)
             related to its property insurance, risk and reporting business area, inducting (but
             not limited to) roof inspections, automatic hail imaging damage assessment,
             analysis, certified report system, underwriting report, risk assessment, risk controls,
             accident reconstruction and small UAS pilot training and development. As explained
             below, ImageKeeper's FAA certified commercial pilot will conduct operations under
             the requested exemptions, under strict operating requirements and conditions to
             ensure safety.

                 ImageKeeper1 provides multiple image data acquisition systems, and survey
             systems for insurance emergency claims processing, involving catastrophic events
             such as hurricane, tornado, and earthquake and flood events. This work involves
             aerial image data collection, processing and dissemination for insurance claims
             damage reporting which includes businesses, schools, homes that suffer damages to
             roofs. Collections also include foundations, buildings, farms, roads, bridges and
             infrastructure etc.

                 ImageKeeper2 has developed a range of mobile digital image system tools for the
             flood insurance marketplace including FEMA compliant technology. This technology

                                                                                                                                        '

                    1 ImageKeeper has (2) FAA Certified Pilots, Commercial and Private Pilots, current FAA Medicals with over 50 years of
                    combined pilot aeronautical, knowledge and experience on staff, in charge of all flight operations. Commercial Pilot is a
                    graduate of Embry Riddle Aeronautical University with Degrees in Aeronautical Science, Aeronautical Studies and has been
                    involved with many government UAS Programs since the early 90's, awards received from Association for UVS For High
                    Altitude and Very Long Endurance Aircraft (Classified Program)
                    2 ImageKeeper's founders invented Direct Digital Airborne Camera Systems (Patents 5,999,211/5,604,534) for the U. S
                    Government and 25 other patents relating to GPS, imaging technology, airborne surveillance. Google acquired the airborne
                    camera company.

                                                                        1
and economic benefits or ImageKeepers's products also includes all taxpayers that
fund FEMA. ImageKeeper is committed to keeping up with the ever-changing safety
and secure technology needs of our customers, by offering the first mobile
application to report flood insurance claims and commit payment on the spot.
ImageKeeper leads the industry in this mobile technology. The use of UAS will allow
ImageKeeper to stay competitive and to further advance innovative technologies
that benefits its insurance clients, customers, government and courts. By providing
certifiable data, our clients are saving time and money. They can prevent fraud and
litigation.

Types of Operation

Request to Use UAS for Inspection of Private Property

   ImageKeeper requests an exemption to use small UAS to inspect, collect geo
referenced aerial data and assess the nature and extent of damage to policyholders'
private property. ImageKeeper would conduct these UAS operations only with the
express written consent of the property owner. ImageKeeper is specifically
interested in studying how UAS can be used to obtain ultra precise and detailed
images of a geo referenced, certified policyholder's roofing systems and any other
portion of the property that would normally require utilizing remote access to
acquire such information. In addition to the roofing we are developing an advanced
hail damage reporting system along with floodwater precision elevation technology
before and after an event. By using this technology, this experience will allow
ImageKeeper to continue to innovate technology more efficiently and rapidly adjust
claims, enhance the experience of the customers and further ImageKeeper's overall
goals of improving safety for personnel, equipment, and customers. This exemption
will also provide ImageKeeper pilots with real-world training and experience on
UAS and will generate valuable data about the operational and safety of UAS that
could also be beneficial to the FAA.

   In addition to improving ImageKeepers' customer experience and claim
effectiveness, granting this petition would improve safety for claims professionals
and reduce the further human risk by eliminating visual on site inspections involved
with real time storm surge, flash flood and major flooding. Some of ImageKeeper's
clients were involved in the recent Sandy hurricane and processed around 30,000
claims. Using ImageKeeper's imaging technology with a UAS and supporting mobile
claims processing system, that process can be improved, enhanced significantly and
customers will benefit with accuracy, streamlined process, and chain of custody
documentation. The government will benefit by eliminating fraudulent claims,
increase-processing speed, and lower the labor involved in establishing the claim
paperwork. ImageKeeper will be able to eliminate the need for roof & water
intrusion inspections in wet, after storm slippery conditions, where risk is
everywhere to inspectors. The risk of water and downed electrical lines pose risks
of all types to inspectors/adjustors. However, by comparison, the risk posed by the
type of UAS roof and floodwater inspections proposed in this petition are minimal.
This is due to the characteristics of the small UAS that lmageKeeper will use,

                                                         2
including the extremely small size and lightweight low operating altitudes.
Experienced FAA pilots understand the airspace, operations, and safety of flight
rules.

    ImageKeeper's pilots have never experienced any FAA violations/warnings and
have been accident free. The level of pilot training received at Embry Riddle
Aeronautical University is the absolute best in the world. Even with the pilot
credentials and aeronautical skills, Imagekeeper will use required comprehensive
UAS flight and ground training in all aspects of UAS. This includes flight planning,
preflight, maintenance, inspections, geo fencing, flight, recovery, emergency power
management, flight reviews and keeping up with any FAA new rules governing use
of UAS. Over the long term, granting this petition will undoubtedly save lives, and
prevents serious injuries.

    With the appropriate process enhancements, inspection with UAS will not only is
safer than sending an inspector, but will be faster and will result in enhanced
customer experience. It is important to point out the significant public interest
associated with ImageKeeper proposed UAS integration. As with flood we have
learned how slow the process is to get insurance to pay the flood victim who has lost
every thing in a flood. By developing a mobile flood claims application tied to a
cloud system, we are able to write the flood victim approval for funds on the spot
while at the flooded property scene. Given ImageKeeper's role in flood claims
payment quickly and efficiently, those 30,000 victims of Sandy who waited a month
or more for funds could have received funds within days, which allows quicker
repairs and less productive time lost for paperwork. When considered with the
contrast and scale of catastrophic events such as hurricanes, tornadoes or
earthquakes, these efficiencies will translate into quicker recoveries and save
money, time and lives.

   ImageKeeper's UAS operational model poses no risk to the national airspace
system. In the supporting material for this petition, ImageKeeper will provide an
operating model that will require UAS inspections take place within a very confined
(GPS box including altitude of 100 feet or less), tight footprint around and above an
individual structure. The vast majority of UAS work will take place 20 foot above an
individual structure. The majority of UAS work will take place at 15 feet above the
roof surface. This will allow for roof inspection and flood at the same time, due to
ImageKeeper's multispectral technology. Since ImageKeeper will be operating so
close to the actual earth surface, the UAS will pose no greater risk to the national
airspace than the structure themselves. The only concern will be the lost connection
or run-a-way UAS. ImageKeeper will use geo-fence (GPS box including altitude of
100 feet or less) and lost-link (return to preprogrammed recovery point)
technology.

ImageKeeper is requesting permission to integrate UAS technology into its mobile
claims processing workflow, which includes cloud integration, mapping, reporting,
analysis, and overall management.

                                                       3
Mobile Flood Insurance Claims Processing

   ImageKeeper requests an exemption to use the UAS to conduct private property
inspections in connection with claims arising out of ImageKeeper's Flood Claims
System. ImageKeeper has developed an advanced mobile claims system in the flood
and roof insurance area and is finalizing deployment of the system for flood and roof
insurance. ImageKeeper is working with the largest flood claims insurer in the
United States. This mobile claims system already saves time, protects against fraud
and creates data that meets chain of custody requirements. ImageKeeper believes
that by adding mobile UAS aerial data directly on site to the mobile claims
application, a comprehensive claim can be completed faster, safer, more efficiently.
Geospatial data provides certifiable complete damage reporting capability. By using
this system, the claims can be processed, the damage repaired and people can go on
with their business. Agents, adjustors and investigators will have complete records
which will be correct, accurate, and searchable and geo located.

   ImageKeeper requests an exemption to use UAS to conduct property inspections
in connection with claims in the flood, flood areas, and after storm in rising water
situations. Many properties are in rural outlying areas, and farms in unpopulated
areas. Use of the UAS in this area would provide ImageKeeper valuable data without
risk to property or persons. ImageKeeper's small operational footprint, UAS, (under
5.5 lbs.) low operational altitude of 100 feet or less, geo-fenced, lost-link equipped,
FAA Certified Pilots, will pose no threat to the national airspace or neighboring
persons or property.

  Use of UAS in this this setting would further the goal of improving overall safety.
Under current protocols, each such inspection would be conducted by FAA pilots
who understand aeronautics, national airspace, TFRs, Restricted airspace, Class A, B,
C, D, E and G airspace requirements, UAS, safety, security, operational security.
ImageKeeper employees have been involved in every aspect of mission planning,
safety, operations and flight activities.

   ImageKeeper will fly 25 practice insurance roof claims inspection in a real and
simulation situation before moving to a real scenarios in a remote area with
structure measurement documenting each flight and logging each flight.
ImageKeeper will be using the UAS to measure, inspect, and capture aerial image
data, geospatial data, testing signal strength, and recording all data in a secure
cloud.

Request to Use UAS for R & D, Training and Certification at ImageKeeper Test
Site located in Sherman, TX

   ImageKeeper also requests as exemption to use UAS to perform Research and
Development, training, sensor testing, pilot certification at it own facilities on
property owned or leased by ImageKeeper. The testing facility will not be open to
the public and access will be restricted to ImageKeeper employees. The test site will
contain uninhabited structures, which will enable ImageKeeper to test various

                                                       4
sensor types and measurement technologies. The test site is located in a sparsely
populated area of north Texas. The land is flat, with no obstruction and no airports
within 25 miles, or homes within two miles. The footprint of the test area is one to
ten acres. The land is tillable but fallow, with fencing around the entire complex.
There is no special use airspace above the area test site.

Pilot Requirements

   ImageKeeper will establish an internal program that will focus on skills,
knowledge and expertise required to operate small UAS of which ImageKeeper
intends to operate, 5.5 lbs. or less. ImageKeeper will utilize its own FAA Commercial
Licensed pilot to develop and implement a practical training program with
operation of small lightweight UAS. ImageKeeper also intends to work with Embry
Riddle Aeronautical University who has developed advanced program degrees in
UAS. By staying involved with this respected world-class aeronautical university,
ImageKeeper will stay informed of every new educational tool available for UAS. A
general pilot certification program for UAS must be as stringent as a private pilot
license, which will apply the same duty of care and operational safety when
operating a UAS. Not only is a knowledge test important, but should be required, as
well as a flight evaluation completed by an FAA examiner.

   ImageKeeper has two FAA Rated Pilots, Commercial and Private, with current
FAA Medical Examinations and over combined 50 years of pilot and aeronautical
knowledge and experience on staff, which will oversee all flight operations.
ImageKeeper's commercial pilot is a graduate of Embry Riddle Aeronautical
University with Degrees in Aeronautical Science, Aeronautical Studies and has been
involved with many government UAS programs since the early 90's, with awards
received from the Association of UVS for High Altitude and Very Long Endurance
Aircraft (Classified Program). ImageKeeper's founders invented Direct Digital
Airborne Camera Systems, US Patents 5,999,211, 5,604,534 for the U.S Government
and 25 other patents relating to GPS, digital cameras, imaging technology and
airborne surveillance. Google acquired the airborne camera company and
technology established by the ImageKeeper founders.

  ImageKeeper will develop a complete training course designed by our staff FAA
Commercial Certified pilot who has an extensive security background as well as
considerable experience with fixed wing aircraft and technology development.
ImageKeeper will require each potential UAS company pilot to successfully
complete a training that combines private pilot ground school that is relevant to
small UAS. He/she will be required to log 15 hours of total time as a UAS pilot and 5
hours as a UAS pilot operating the particular make and model of UAS to be utilized
for operations under this exemption. In addition, the UAS pilot will be required to
certify that he or she has no medical defects that would make him or her unable to
pilot a small UAS in a safe manner, including requirement to wear correct lenses if
required. In addition, in order to meet all ImageKeeper requirements, the candidate
will be required to have a clear criminal background check and drug test. All pilot

                                                      5
certification training will take place under the direct supervision and control of a
person holding an FAA Commercial or private pilot certificate.

Public Interest Benefits

   Approval of ImageKeepers' request to use UAS to inspect insurance policyholders'
private property in time of need is in the public interest. Granting this petition
advances Congress' goal of integrating civil UAS into the national airspace safely and
expeditiously. Allowing ImageKeeper to conduct the aerial data inspections
proposed herein is a necessary step toward realizing the consumer benefits of using
UAS in the insurance industry for flood, hail damage, hurricane and tornado. In
addition, ImageKeeper is a proven hi- technology leader and developer of new and
novel technology. Its past proven management team has over 25 patents which
have created many digital camera companies that have provided thousands of jobs
in the United States. They continue to develop technology useful to many
businesses and the law enforcement communities, which provide safety and
security for the United States.

   Further, ImageKeeper desires to work with, report, share findings, discuss, or
brief on technology, that might happen to be in development in any process or
avenues the FAA would like to collaborate in order to insure safety, security, and
interest in the United States.

   In addition to improving UAS operational safety, granting this petition would
improve safety for our customers, clients, and professionals with whom we work, as
well as reduce the risk and damage to customer properties by eliminating the need
to put humans on roofs and in dangerous flooding conditions. In addition, these
UAS surveys will prove faster, cheaper, fraud resistant and more accurate
technology. ImageKeeper makes the data un-modifiable. ImageKeeper also
believes that these benefits will integrate into other areas of advanced electronic
insurance processes, such as automatic mobile claims processing, underwriting
processing and quality assurance, thereby saving money for the consumers.

System Operation Parameters, Operations, Inspection and Maintenance
Manual

  The proposed operating limitation describes how ImageKeepers' UAS operations
will be safely conducted to minimize risk to the national airspace or to person and
property on the ground.

    1. The operations will be conducted using only one of these at a time, a 3DR
         IRIS+, DJI Phantom 2 or DJI Inspire 1, .which are small UAS, weighing
         approximately 4.4 to 6.4 pounds with payload.3

    2. Flights will be operated at all times within visual line of sight (VLOS) of a
         pilot (PIC) under FAA issued medical requirement certificate, corrective

3 The operationaljuser, safety manuals for each, 3DR IRIS+, DJI Phantom 2, DJI Inspire 1 are included as part of this
document as an attachment.

                                                       6
    lenses if required by FAA medical and logging all time, location and duration
    of flights, and having a U. S. driver's license. The VO and PIC will be able to
    communicate verbally at all times. The PIC will be designated before each
    flight and will not transfer designation for the duration of the flight. The PIC
    is required to ensure the VO can perform the duties required of the VO. The
    VO and PIC will not use electronic messaging or texting during flight
    operations.
3. The UAS will be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above
    ground level (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.
4. The UAS will not be flown at ground speeds exceeding 87 knots using either
    ground speed or calibrated airspeed to determine compliance with 87 know
    speed restrictions. In no case will the UAS be operated at airspeeds greater
    than the maximum UAS operating airspeed recommended by the aircraft
    manufacturer.
5. The lmageKeeper UAS will not carry any persons, pilots, crew, animals,
    flammable liquid fuels, chemicals, explosive materials or defensive weapons.
6. All ImageKeeper UAS flights will terminate at 30% battery reserve.
7. All ImageKeeper flights will be operated at an altitude of no more than 400
    feetAGL.
8. All ImageKeeper flights will be operated in only VFR conditions and official
    daylight conditions reported by nearest airport ATIS. UAS operations will not
    be permitted during night as defined in 14 CFRl.l.
9. Prior to any ImageKeeper UAS removed from active status for maintenance
    or alteration that affects the UAS operation or flight characteristics, such as
    component replacement, etc., will undergo a functional test flight in
    accordance with ImageKeepers Maintenance process manual prior to
    returning to active flight status complete with notes/approval signatures.
10. Prior to each flight, the ImageKeeper pilot must inspect the UAS to ensure
    that it is in a safe flight condition with a checklist. If any item on the checklist
    is deficient, then the UAS is prohibited from operating until the required
    maintenance has been performed and found safe for flight. The flight
    manager is required to properly document in the aircraft records the type,
    parts, date, the person who made the changes, and a signature approval of
    the pilot noting corrections and flight safety approval.
11. Each manual contains the preflight information for each model. Preflight
    inspection includes the requirements that the inspection must account for
    including any discrepancies (squawks found). They shall be listed and noted.
    Preflight must account for all potential discrepancies, inoperable
    components, items, or equipment. If the inspection reveals a condition that
    effects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is prohibited from operating
    until the required maintenance has been performed and UAS is found to be in
    a condition for safe flight.
12. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's inspection and record
    keeping requirements in accordance with the manual. Maintenance,
    inspection and alterations must be noted in the aircraft records, including
    total flight hours, description of work accomplished and the signature of the
    authorized person returning the UAS into service. The operator will be

                                                  7
    responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is in a
    condition for safe operation.
13. The operator must follow the UAS manufacture's hull/components
    maintenance overall replacement, inspection and life limit requirements.
14. All ImageKeeper UAS operated under the exemption must comply with all
    manufacturer safety and operational materials, bulletins, documents, and
    safety of flight notification.
15. All ImageKeeper flights shall be conducted over private or controlled access
    property with permission for each flight from the landowner or authorized
    represented. Permission for the owner or authorized represented will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted. A record shall be made of each of
    the approvals with time, date, and name. All of this will become part of the
    overall mission data capture located in ImageKeeper's electronic system.
16. Each ImageKeeper flight will be operated by a PIC holder of a commercial,
    private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate, with current FAA medical
    certificate, a valid U. S. driver's license issued by a state. The PIC will also
    meet flight review requirements specified in 14 CFR 61.56 in an aircraft in
    which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.
17. Flight operations will be conducted at least 500 feet from any non-person
    who is nonparticipating. The operator will ensure the nonparticipating
    person remains under protection. If nonparticipating leave protection and
    within 500 feet then all flight operations will cease immediately. The UAS will
    not be operated near a vessel or structures where the owner of such vessel
    or structures have not granted permission.
18. By using GPS technology, ImageKeeper establishes boundaries made up of
    GPS coordinates (GPS operations box area with ceiling of 400 feet AGL) in
    which the UAS will operate.
19. ImageKeeper will have a 25-foot clearance around the UAS departure point
    and the recovery area, which will be located at same point of departure. This
    will be the landing and take off point for the UAS. There will be no overhead
    obstructions within 400 feet of the vertical departure point. The UAS pilot
    will be the sole designation for lmageKeeper in locating the departure and
    recovery location.
20. The ImageKeeper UAS will be preprogrammed to return to the departure
    point for any false takeoff, emergency or aborted flight.· No obstruction,
    including animals, birds, or power lines shall be in the takeoff path of the UAS
    prior to takeoff. If the UAS loses communication or loses its GPS signal, the
    UAS will return to a predetermined location within the private or controlled
    access property.
21. All ImageKeeper aircraft will have an N number marking identification by
    serial number and registered in accordance with 14 CFR Part 47,49 C.
22. ImageKeeper will comply with all Federal Communication Commission
    requirements for control and operation of UAS.
23. The UAS will meet the VFR flight minimums including cloud clearance and
    visibility requirements. UAS may not be operated less than 500 feet below or
    less than 2,000 feet horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3
    statute miles from the PIC. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight

                                                8
        unless considering wind and forecast weather conditions there is enough
        available power for the UAS to conduct the intended operation and operate
        after that for at least five minutes or with reserve power recommended by
        the manufacturer.
    24. Before conducting operations, a qualified UAS pilot will demonstrate and log
        per 14 CFR 61.51 (b) ability to operate the UAS in a manner consistent with
        how the UAS will be operated under the exemptions, including evasive and
        maneuvers, emergency and maintaining appropriate distances from people,
        vessels, vehicles, and structures. PIC qualification flight hours and currency
        will be logged consistent with 14 CFR 61.51 (b).
    25. ImageKeeper flight operations will only occur in Class G airspace. The UAS
        may operate within 5 nautical miles of geographic center of an airport as
        found on current FAA published aeronautical charts unless an agreement
        with the airport management and COA is obtained and operated in
        accordance to NOTAM. Any agreement must be made available to the
        Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.
    26. ImageKeeper (operator) will comply with the operating, inspection,
        maintenance and record keeping procedures set forth in the UAS manual.
    27. The UAS must remain clear and yield the right of way to all other manned
        operations and activities.
    28. The PIC will abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or
        emergencies.
    29. The UAS may not be operated by pilot from any moving device or vehicle,
        such as a car, trucks, cranes, hi-lift etc.
    30. All documentation required under 14 CFR § 91.9, 203 will be accessible to
        the pilot at the ground station, during flight operations and to the FAA
        administrator and or law enforcement. It is operator responsibility to track
        revisions and present them to the Administrator oflaw enforcement.
    31. Any accident must be reported to the NTSB. In the event a Certificate of
        Authorization (COA) is required, any incident, accident, or flight operation
        that transgresses beyond the boundaries of the operating area as defined by
        the COA must be reported to the FAA' AUS Integration Office within 24 hours.

Operation and Training Manuals

   ImageKeeper will follow the operating procedures set forth in the manual
attached to this document in support of this petition. The manual will be
maintained and will be made available to the FAA if requested. ImageKeeper will
communicate with the FAA on any issue relating to operation and training manuals.
The manuals and training will be under configuration control.

Inspection and Maintenance

   ImageKeeper will manage its UAS fleet according to procedures called out in the
inspection and maintenance sections of the UAS manuals, which will be submitted
as part of this petition. The manuals will be maintained at ImageKeeper and will be
made available to the FAA as required or requested.

                                                       9
ImageKeeper's AUS Vehicles

   ImageKeeper proposes to utilize the following models types of UAS to conduct
operations, a DJI Phantom 2, 3DR IRIS+ and DJI Inspire 1. 3DR IRIS+ has a weight of
2.8 pounds and a range of 300 meters. Its maximum flight time is averaging at 22
minutes. The DJI Phantom 2 has a weight of 2.56 pounds and a range of 300 meters.
Its maximum flight time is averaging about 25 minutes. DJI Inspire 1 has a weight of
5.4 pounds without gimbal using standard cameras and an average flight time of 18
minutes.

   ImageKeeper will maintain a GPS coordinate box perimeter/boundary (GPS gee-
fence) including a maximum ceiling of 400 feet AGL. GPS lateral box boundaries will
be maintained at all times and clearances with structures and humans will be
surveyed prior to any flight. Flight launch and recovery location will be cleared of
any non-participants at all times during operation. The property owner prior to any
operation will consent/approve all property surveys. At all times the automatic
recovery to the recovery site will be engaged and programmed according the
operational manual on each UAS. All operation will be conducted in official daylight
hours and under the VFR rules and visibility conditions by an ImageKeeper certified
UAS pilot. Each ImageKeeper UAS will have the proper markings identifying the
serial number and identification (N-number), which will also be integrated into
ImageKeeper data, capture system. All UAS operations will comply with the
manufacturer's operational, training, and safety notices. ImageKeeper will maintain
a log showing date, time, mission, mission parameters, altitude, and geographic
position of the AUS at every point of the mission. This data is unalterable, stored in
an off site location, and will be made available to the FAA for any reason necessary.
This is part of the ImageKeeper technology. ImageKeeper's system allows tracking,
organized aerial image data, image location, image capture times and the ability to
look at large data image files, as all data is globally searchable. It would be possible
to utilize this data system as a UAS black box data recovery system. We would be
happy to share this information with the FAA if interested. ImageKeeper records
offsite the exact UAS location, direction, time and date.

FAA has Authority Under FMRA Section 333 to Grant the Requested
Exemptions.

   By granting this request for exemption will allow promotion of Congress' goal in
enacting Section 3333 of the FMRA. Sec. 333 directs the Sec. of Transportation to
consider whether certain UAS may operate safely in the national airspace before
completion of the rulemaking required under Section 332 of the FMRA. The
Secretary is required to determine the kind of UAS operations that do not create a
hazard to users of the national airspace or the public or pose a threat to national
security in light of the UAS' size, weight, speed, operational capability and areas of
operation and whether the operations will occur within the visual line of sight of the

                                                    10
operator.4 Section 333 reflects Congressional intent that FAA will grant exemptions
to allow small UAS operations under conditions that ensure safety, like those
proposed in this lmgeKeeper petition.

In addition, the Federal Aviation Act expressly grants the FAA the authority to issue
exemptions. This statutory authority by the terms includes exempting civil aircraft
(as defined under 40101 of the Act which in includes UAS) from the requirements
that all such aircraft must have a current airworthiness certificate and granting
exemptions from the pilot certification requirements. The Administrator may grant
an exemption from a requirement of a regulation under§ 44701 (a.) or (b.) or in§
44702-44716 of the Act, if the Administrator finds the exemption is in the public
interest. s

Application Information

Name and address of the applicant

ImageKeeper LLC
Jerry Speasl
President and CEO
P. 0. Box 27740
Las Vegas, NV 89126
jspeasl@imagekeeper.com
702-308-7985

List of Regulation from which ImageKeeper requests Exemption

14 C.F.R. § §61.113 (a.) and (b.), 61.133 (a)
14 C.F.R. § 91.7 (a.)
14 C.F.R. § 91.119 (b.) and (c.) 14 C.F.R. § 91.121
14 C.F.R. § 91.151 (a)
14 C.F.R. § 91.405 (a)
14 C.F.R. § 91.407 (a), (1)
14 C.F.R. § §91.409 (a), (1), (2)
14 C.F.R. § §91.417 (a), (b)

Federal Register Summary

Petitioner: ImageKeeper LLC
Affected regulations: 14 C.F.R. § §61.113 (a) and (b), 14 C.F.R 61.133 (a), and 14
C.F.R. § 91.7 (a); 14 C.F.R. § 91.119 (b) and (c); 14 C.F.R. § 91.121; 14 C.F.R. § 91.151
(a); 14 C.F.R. § 91.405 (a); 14 C.F.R. § 91.407 (a), (1); 14 C.F.R. § §91.409 (a), (1), (2);
14 C.F.R. § §91.417 (a), (b)

4 FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012, Pub.L.No. 112-95, 126 Stat.75-76 (codified as Note to 49 U.S. C §
40101).
s 49 U.S.C. § 44701(f) also 49 U.S.C. § 44711 (a.), 49 U.S.C. § 44704; 14 C.F.R. § 91.203 (a,) (1.)

                                                     11
Description: Petitioner seeks an exemption from the requirements of 14 C.F.R. §
§61.113 (a) and (b), 61.133 (a); 14 C.F.R. § 91.7 (a); 14 C.F.R. § 91.119 (b) and (c);
14 C.F.R. § 91.121; 14 C.F.R. § 91.151 (a); 14 C.F.R. § 91.405 (a); 14 C.F.R. § 91.407
(a), (1); 14 C.F.R. § §91.409 (a), (1), (2); and 14 C.F.R. § §91.417 (a), (b) to use UAS
small unmanned aircraft systems in order to conduct small UAS operations related
to its insurance business, including but not limited to hail roof damage, roof
inspections, underwriting process enhancements, risk assessment, risk and accident
reconstruction, catastrophic response for flood, tornado, hurricane, earthquake and
UAS pilot training, development, maintenance.

Exemptions Sought by ImageKeeper the Petitioner

ImageKeeper requests exemptions from the following regulations to the extent
necessary to enable the requested UAS operations for the reasons detailed below.

                  14 C.F.R. § §61.113 (a) & (b): Private pilot privileges and limitations;
                  14 C.F.R. § 61.133 (a): Commercial pilot privileges and limitations

Section 61.113 (a) and (b) limit private pilots to non-commercial operations.
Section 61.133 (a) requires an individual with a commercial pilot's license to be
pilot in command of an aircraft for compensation or hire. The FAA has already
determined that it is appropriate to exempt small UAS pilots from the commercial
pilot's license requirements in section 61.133 (a). In situations analogous of those
presented by this petition. See Exemptions #11109, 11110, 11136, and 11138.
However, to date, FAA has required such operators to have a private pilot's license.

ImageKeeper respectfully submits that, given the characteristics of the 3DR IRIS+,
DJI Phantom 2 and DJI Inspire 1, the operating GPS box and ImageKeeper's level of
past and current aeronautical education, licenses, aviation sensor development, and
FAA certified commercial pilot, are applicable specifically to small UAS operators
like (ImageKeeper). Given the aeronautical skills, historical knowledge of
developing complex airborne sensors, and fielded UAS in support of wartime
national interest, indicates ImageKeeper is competent in performing UAS services
important to the United States. FAA certified pilots on staff, in a business that can be
grown by creating technology made in America by Americans is important to
meeting Congress' requirements.

The 3DR IRIS+, DJI Phantom 2 and DJI Inspire 1 are exceedingly small and very
lightweight. They are both advertised as lightweight UAS and are already widely
flown by recreational and real estate companies. They operate both autonomously
and manually. They have pre programmable GPS fencing features. They have lost
link and lost GPS capabilities. In the event of loss of communications link or GPS the
aircraft automatically returns to preprogrammed recovery location. They also have
emergency flight termination system where the pilot hits a kill switch and it will
then land. The UAS will not carry a pilot, passenger, animals, flammable, explosive,
drugs, weapons or defensive systems, such as jammers, or microwave sensors, radar

                                                    12
systems, or stealth technology. The operating area is controlled and restricted, and
all flights are planned and coordinated in advance as set forth in the manual. Image
Keeper submits that the proposed operation can be achieved an equivalent level of
safety by requiring the pilot of this very small lightweight, low altitude, low speed
limited range UAS to be trained in a UAS specific certification program approved by
FAA and administered by a Commercial FAA certified pilot.

14 C.F.R. § 91.7 a: Civil aircraft airworthiness

Section 91.7 (a) requires that no person may operate a civil aircraft unless it is in
airworthy condition. Given the characteristics of the UAS and stringent operating
restrictions and conditions proposed in this petition, and equivalent level of safety
will be achieved by compliance with the operations manual. Imagekeeper therefore
requests FAA to grant an exemption from section 91.7 (a) and finds that the
operator may ensure that the UAS are in an airworthy condition by complying with
the manual and the proposed operating restrictions and conditions. FAA has
granted similar exemptions in Exemptions# 11136 and 11138.

14 C. F. R. § 91.119 band c: Minimum safe altitudes

Section 14 C. F. R. § 91.119 (b) and (c) established certain minimum altitude for
operation of civil aircraft. Section 91.119 provides, in pertinent part, that "except
for when necessary for takeoff and landing, no person may operate an aircraft below
the following altitudes: (b). Over congested area. Over any congested area of a city,
town, or settlement, or over any open-air assembly of persons, an altitude of 1,000
feet above the heights obstacle and within a horizontal radius of 2,000 feet of the
aircraft. c. Over other than congested areas. An altitude of 500 feet above the
surface, except over open water or sparsely populated areas. In those cases, the
aircraft may not be operated closer than 500 feet to any person, vessel, vehicle, or
structure.

ImageKeeper requests relief from this section since the UAS flights will operate at
altitude of no higher than 100 feet AGL. Given the small size, lightweight, low
speeds and limited range of the UAS, and the fact that they carry no persons or
explosives or flammable materials, and the UAS flights may be safely operated at
much lower altitudes than conventional aircraft. ImageKeeper will restrict all of its
operations to an altitude of 100 feet or less and will utilize GPS geo fencing
technology to prevent deviation. Relief from this rule is warranted because the
operations will be conducted with the safeguards and under the operating
conditions outlined herein and in the safety and operations manual. The FAA has
issued an exemption from Section 91.119 (c) in Exemptions# 11136 and 11138.

14 C. F. R. Altimeter Settings§ 91.121: Altimeter settings

Section 91.121 requires each person operating an aircraft to maintain crmsmg
altitude by reference to an altimeter that is set to the elevation of the departure
airport or an appropriate altimeter setting available before departure. An

                                                    13
exemption may be needed because the UAS does not have a barometric altimeter,
but instead have a GPS altitude read out. An equivalent level of safety will be
achieved by the operator, pursuant to the manual, confirming the altitude of the
launch site shown on the GPS altitude indicator before flight. The FAA issued an
exemption to this regulation for UAS operations in Exemptions# 11136 and 11138.

14 C.F.R. 91.151 a Fuel requirements for VRF conditions

Section 91.151 a prohibits an individual from beginning a flight in an airplane under
VFR conditions unless considering wind and forecast weather conditions there is
enough fuel to fly to the first point of intended landing and assuming normal
cruising speed, 2. During the day, and after that for at least 30 minutes.

An exemption is needed because the UAS have a maximum flight time of less than 30
minutes and this cannot meet the 30-minute reserve requirements. Given the
characteristics of the UAS including their small size, low weight and speed, limited
range, ability to land very quickly, operations within visual line of sight, restricted
operating area, and the fact that they do not carry persons or any explosive or
flammable materials, grant of the exemption is justified. An equivalent level of
safety can be achieved by terminating flights at 25% battery power reserve, which
will occur before the 25-minute flight duration. The FAA issued an exemption to
this regulation for UAS operation in Exemption# 11062,10673, 111136 and 11138.

14 C.F.R. § 91.405 a: Maintenance required
14 C.F.R. § 91.407 a, 1: Operation after maintenance, preventive maintenance,
rebuilding or alteration
14 C.F.R. §§ 91.409 a, 1 and 2; Inspections
14 C.F.R. §§ 91.417 (a) and (b); Maintenance records

These regulations require that an aircraft operator owner (i) shall have that aircraft
inspected as prescribed in subpart E of this part and shall between required
inspection, except as provided in paragraph (c) of this section, have discrepancies
repaired as prescribed in part 43 of this chapter.... And (ii) shall inspect or maintain
the aircraft in compliance with part 43. Because these sections and part 43 apply
only to aircraft with an airworthiness certificate, these sections will not appy to the
petitioner. Maintenance will be accomplished by the operator pursuant to the
manufacturer's manual. An equivalent level of safety will be achieved because the
UAS are very small in size and weight, will carry a small payload and operate only in
very restricted areas (defined by the GPS fence) and 100 feet of altitudes for short
periods of time. If mechanical issues arise, the UAS can land immediately and will be
operating from no higher than 100 feet AGL. As provided in the manual, the
operator will ensure that the UAS is in working order prior to initiating flight,
perform required maintenance, and keep a log of any maintenance performed.
Moreover, the operator is most familiar with the UAS and best suited to maintain the
UAS in an airworthy condition and provide an equivalent level of safety. The FAS
issued an exemption to these regulations in Exemption# 11062, 11136 and 11138.

                                                    14
Such other relief as the FAA deems appropriate to enable the requested
operation
ImageKeeper also requests exemption from such other FARs as the FAA deems
appropriate to enable the requested operations. If, during the effective dates of the
exemption issued per this petition, thee FAA issues interim or final rules for small
UAS, ImageKeeper requests that it be relieved of the requirements of any conditions
and limitation of the exemptions and allowed to comply with any less restrictive
applicable regulations that may have become effective.

Privacy

The petition raises no privacy issues because all flights will occur over private or
controlled access property with the property owner's prior knowledge and consent.
In addition, ImageKeeper's privacy polices would apply to all UAS operations.

National Security

No national security issues are presented by grant of this exemption. ImageKeeper's
management, experience with UAS, small UAS footprint, lightweight, lost link, geo
fencing, and carrying no defensive, offensive, guns, flammable, chemicals, or
explosives or any dangerous materials and ope\ated by professionals, assures this.

Conclusion

For the reasons stated above, ImageKeeper proposed use of UAS satisfies the
criteria in the FMRA Section 333 regarding size, weight, speed, operating
capabilities, operating areas, operation within visual line of sight, and national
security.

Petitioner's proposed safety measures and operating parameters provide more than
adequate justification for the grant of the requested exemptions allowing operation
of UAS. ImageKeeper therefore respectfully asks the FAA to grant the requested
exemptions. Please do not hesitate to contact ImageKeeper, (petitioner) with any
questions about this filing.

Jerry Speasl ~o./.. . j . ~ I 5'-1 f!~/5'

President and CEO
ImageKeeper LCC
P.O Box 27740
Las Vegas, NV 89126
jspeasl@imagekeeper.com
702-308-7985

Attachments: Maintenance, Operations/User Manuals
    · 3DR IRIS+
    · DJI Phantom 2
    · DJI Inspire 1

                                                    15
