August 5, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12340
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­1037

Mr. Christopher L. New
Founder
In the Air Imaging
1605 Kavanaugh Boulevard
Little Rock, AR 72205

Dear Mr. New:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated April 7, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of In the Air Imaging (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption. The
petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct aerial
photography and videography.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a DJI Phantom 2 Vision+.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
                                                                                                                 2

consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, In the Air Imaging is granted an exemption from
14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c),
91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to
the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                              3

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, In the Air Imaging is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom 2
    Vision+ when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations
    of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
    not permitted.

3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
    exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
    compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
    airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
    aircraft manufacturer.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.

    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
    electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
    must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
    required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
                                                                                                            4

    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
                                                                                                            5

    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
                                                                                                               6

       (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
       be as large as practicable.

   23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
       any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
       PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
       These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
       official upon request.

   24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
       activities at all times.

   25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

   26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
       persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
          a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
             from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
             that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
             where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
             the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
             of nonparticipating persons; and
          b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
             for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
             the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
             present an undue hazard.

       The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
       nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

   27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
       permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
       Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
       obtained for each flight to be conducted.

   28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
       boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
       to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
       reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
       contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.
                                                                                                                 7

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                      8

This exemption terminates on August 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.
Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
In the Air Imaging
1605 Kavanaugh Blvd
Little Rock, AR 72205
501.240.2015
itaimaging@gmail.com

April 7, 2015

U.S. Department of Transportation, Docket Operations
West Building Ground Floor, Room W12-140
1200 New Jersey Avenue, SE
Washington, DC 20590

Re: Request for exemption under Section 333 from 14 CFR Part 21, Subpart H; 14 CFR 61.113
(a) and (b); 14 CFR 91.109; 14 CFR 91.121; 14 CFR 91.151; (a); 14 CFR 91.405 (a); 14 CFR
91.407 (a)(1); 14 CFR 91.409 (a)(1); 14 CFR 91.409 (a)(2); 14 CFR 91.417 (a) and (b)

Dear Sir or Madam:

In accordance with Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (the Reform
Act) and 14 CFR Part 11, In the Air Imaging, hereafter "ita imaging", hereby applies for an
exemption from the listed Federal Aviation Regulations (FARs) to allow commercial use of its
Small Unmanned Aircraft Systems (SUASs), so long as such operations are conducted within
and under the conditions outlined herein or as may be established by the FAA as required by
Section 3331.

An exemption is being requested because (1) existing regulations will burden ita imaging (2) ita
imaging can provide a level of safety that is equal (or greater than in many cases) to those
provided by existing rules, and (3) the request is in the public interest. The FAA's authority to
issue exemptions from operating rules, and the Secretary's authority granted by Section 333 of
P.L. 112-95, Special Rules for Certain Unmanned Aircraft Systems, provide an opportunity to
authorize certain SUAS operations in the National Airspace System (NAS) prior to
implementation of the SUAS rule. This incremental step will allow ita imaging to safely and
legally enter into the NAS.

As described in detail below, the requested exemption would permit ita imaging to operate
SUASs under controlled conditions in airspace that is (1) limited (2) predetermined (3) controlled
as to access, and (4) would provide safety enhancements to the already safe operations of
those aircraft of similar size, weight, speed, and operating capability that have been granted
entry into the NAS via the rules in Academy of Model Aeronautics (AMA) National Aircraft
Safety

1 This document was patterned off the petition for exemption filed by Singer's Creations.
April 1, 2015
Page 2

Code2. Approval of this exemption would thereby greatly enhance safety and fulfill the Secretary
of Transportation's (the Secretary) responsibilities to "...establish requirements for the safe

operation of such aircraft systems in the national airspace system" per Section 333 (c) of the
Reform Act.

ita imaging is requesting exemption from the following regulations:

14 CFR Part 21, Subpart H
14 CFR 61.23 (a)
14 CFR 61.113 (a) and (b)
14 CFR 91.109
14 CFR 91.121
14 CFR 91.151 (a)
14 CFR 91.405 (a)
14 CFR 91.407 (a)(1)
14 CFR 91.407 (a)(1)
14 CFR 91.409 (a)(2)
14 CFR 91.417 (a) and (b)

This exemption application is expressly submitted to fulfill Congress' goal in passing Section
333 (a) through (c) of the Reform Act. This law directs the Secretary to consider whether certain
unmanned aircraft systems may operate safely in the NAS before completion of the rulemaking
required under Section 332 of the Reform Act. In making this determination, the Secretary is
required to determine which types of UASs do not create a hazard to users of the NAS, to the
public, or pose a threat to national security.

Section 333 of the Reform Act grants the Secretary authority to determine (1) if an unmanned
aircraft system, as a result of its size, weight, speed, operational capability, proximity to airports
and populated areas, and operation within visual line of sight (VLOS) does not create a hazard
to users of the NAS or the public or pose a threat to national security, and (2) whether a
certificate of waiver, certificate of authorization, or airworthiness certification under 49 USC
44704 is required for the operation of civil (nongovernmental) UASs. Therefore, if the Secretary
determines that such vehicles "may operate safely in the national airspace system, the

2 See the attached "AmaSafetyCode.pdf" document.
Secretary shall establish requirements for the safe operation of such aircraft in the national
airspace system".3
April 1, 2015
Page 3

Operation Overview

ita imaging's SUASs are quadcopters, weighing 4 or fewer lbs. (including payload). The SUASs
have the capability to hover and move in the vertical and horizontal planes simultaneously. They
will operate only in visual line of sight (VLOS) and will operate only in tightly controlled and
limited airspace. They are capable of operating at speeds of up to 29 knots, but will be routinely
operated at much lower speeds. They will routinely be operated below 200 feet above ground
level (AGL), and never above 400 feet AGL.

ita imaging exemption request would permit its commercial operation of SUAS for aerial
photography and videography in tightly controlled and limited airspace. Aerial photography and
videography services will be offered to homeowners, realtors, home builders, land owners,
and/or home inspectors for use in, but not limited to, real estate marketing and safer inspections
of home exteriors. All operations will be conducted on private property and with the written
and/or oral permission of the property owner(s). Operations will always be conducted in areas
that are clear of all people, except the pilot in command (PIC) and the PIC's helper(s). Such
operations will ensure that the SUAS will "not create a hazard to users of the national airspace
system or the public"4.

Aircraft

ita imaging operates Phantom 2 Vision+5 (Phantom) SUASs manufactured by DJI, a well-
known leader in quadcopter technology. DJI strives to bring new perspectives to aerial work and
help companies accomplish feats safer, faster, and with greater efficiency. They have an
unparalleled commitment to R&D, a culture of constant innovation, and a focus on transforming
complex technology into easy-to-use devices.

The standard Phantom quadcopter package includes the Phantom itself, camera, gimbal,
propulsion system, flight control system, 5.8 GHz remote controller, and 2.4 GHz Wi-Fi
communication system. The remote uses a 5.8 GHz frequency to prevent interference with the
video/telemetry channel. This second channel allows for a constant connection with the
Phantom to monitor it via a smartphone that is attached to the remote controller.

3 ita imaging interprets this provision to place the duty on the Secretary to not only process applications
for exemptions under section 333 of the Reform Act, but for the Secretary to craft conditions for safe
operations of SUAS, if it should be determined that the conditions set forth herein do not fulfill the
statutory requirements for approval
4 Reform Act Section 333 (b)
5 http://www.dji.com/product/phantom-2-vision-plus
The Phantom is about 1 foot square in size. It has a maximum ascent speed of 11 knots, a
maximum descent speed of 3 knots, and a maximum flight speed of 29 knots. While operating

April 1, 2015
Page 4

within VLOS, the remote control has a range of 2,624 feet. The total weight (including the
payload) is 2.55 lbs.6

The Phantom is equipped with a DJI Naza-M V2 flight control system. This provides for
incredible ease of use and stability. Pilots can control the Phantom's movements in many
directions ­ including pitch (forward and backward), roll (left and right), elevator (up and down),
and yaw (turn left or right). The flight control system can also provide Intelligent Orientation
Control (IOC), failsafe, battery level warnings, and show the aircraft's current heading, direction,
and approximate distance from home on the on-screen radar. The built in GPS system aids in
stabilizing the aircraft and automatically and safely returns it back to its home point in any case
where communication between the remote control and quadcopter are lost.

The Inertial Measurement Unit (IMU) has a built-in inertial sensor and a barometric altimeter that
measures both attitude (ATTI) and altitude. The inertial measurement tells the Phantom how it's
tilted. And the gyros tell it if it's rotating in any particular direction.

The Phantom's compass read geomagnetic information and assist the Global Positioning
System (GPS) to accurately calculate the position and height of the aircraft. The vertical hover
accuracy is +/- 2.6 ft. The horizontal hover accuracy is +/- 8.2 ft.

The Phantom has LED flight indicators beneath each of its four rotor arms. The LEDs illuminate
to indicate the status of the flight control system and alert the PIC of any possible issues.

Such highly advanced capabilities will ensure that the SUASs can be safely operated and "not
create a hazard to users of the national airspace system or the public."7 Equivalent Level of
Safety In an effort to join the FAA in its mission to provide the safest, most efficient

Equivalent Level of Safety

In an effort to join the FAA in its mission to provide the safest, most efficient aerospace system
in the world and to minimize the risk to the NAS or to persons and property on the ground, ita
imaging agrees to be bound by the following limitations and conditions when conducting
commercial operations under an FAA issued exemption:

    A. For the purposes of ensuring SUASs will be operated within the standards that the
       FAA has allowed in the AMA National Model Aircraft Safety Code:

6 http://www.dji.com/product/phantom-2-vision/spec
7 Reform Act Section 333 (b)
April 1, 2015
Page 5

    1. SUASs will not be flown:

              a. In a careless or reckless manner

              b. At a location where SUAS activities are prohibited.

     2. SUAS pilots will:

                   a. Yield the right of way to all human-carrying aircraft.
                   b. See and avoid all aircraft and a spotter must be used when appropriate8.

                   c. Not fly higher than 400 feet above ground level or within five (5) miles of an
airport without notifying the airport operator.

                   d. Not interfere with operations and traffic patterns at any airport, heliport or
seaplane base except where there is a mixed use agreement.

                   e.Not exceed a takeoff weight of 55 pounds (including payload).

                   f. Ensure the aircraft is identified by affixing the owner's contact information to the
outside of the SUAS.

                   g. Not operate SUASs while under the influence of alcohol or while using any
drug that could adversely affect the PIC's ability to safely control the model.

                   h. Not operate SUASs carrying pyrotechnic devices that explode or burn, or any
device which propels a projectile or drops any object that creates a hazard to persons or
property.

3. SUASs will not be flown unless:

    a. The aircraft, control system and pilot skills have successfully demonstrated all
         maneuvers intended or anticipated prior to the specific event.

     b. An inexperienced pilot is assisted by an experienced pilot.

4. All pilots shall avoid flying directly over unprotected people, vessels, vehicles or structures
and shall avoid endangerment of life and property of others.

8 AMA Document #540-D
April 1, 2015
Page 6

5. A successful radio equipment ground-range check in accordance with manufacturer's
recommendations will be completed before the first flight of a new or repaired model aircraft.

6. SUASs must use the radio-control frequencies currently allowed by the Federal
Communications Commission (FCC).

7. SUASs will not knowingly operate within three (3) miles of any pre-existing flying site without
a frequency-management agreement.9

8. Excluding takeoff and landing, no SUASs may be flown outdoors closer than 25 feet to any
individual, except for the PIC and the PIC's helper(s) located at the takeoff site.

9. Under no circumstances may a pilot or other person touch a SUAS in flight while it is still
under power, except to divert it from striking an individual.

10. The PIC of the SUAS shall:

    a. Maintain control during the entire flight, maintaining visual contact without enhancement
         other than by corrective lenses prescribed for the pilot.

     b. Fly using the assistance of a camera or First-Person View (FPV) only in accordance
with the procedures outlined in AMA Document #550.

     c. Fly using the assistance of autopilot or stabilization system only in accordance with the
procedures outlined in AMA Document #560.

11. The flying area must be clear of all utility wires or poles and an SUAV will not be flown
closer than 50 feet to any above-ground electric utility lines.

12. The flying area must be clear before the engine is started, except for PIC and the PIC's
helper(s).

B. In addition to the above rules outlined by the AMA National Model Aircraft Safety Code and
in an effort to enhance the safety offered by the already safe operations mentioned above,
Singer's Creations also agrees to be bound by the following limitations and conditions:

1. Flights will be operated within VLOS of the PIC.
April 1, 2015

9 AMA Documents #922 and #923
Page 7

2. Maximum total flight time for each operational flight will be 25 minutes. Flights will be
terminated at 25% battery power reserve should that occur prior to the 25 minute limit.
3. The SUAS will only operate in tightly controlled and limited airspace.
4. A briefing will be conducted in regard to the planned SUAS operations prior to each flight. It
will be mandatory that all personnel who will be performing duties within the boundaries of the
safety perimeter be present for this briefing.
5. The PIC and the PIC's helper(s) will have been trained in operation of SUAS and received
up-to-date information on the particular SUAS to be operated.
6. The pilot and the PIC's helper(s) will at all times be able to communicate by voice.
7. If the SUAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the SUAS will have capability to
return to a pre-determined location within the security perimeter and safely land.
8. The SUAS will have the capability to abort a flight in case of unpredicted obstacles or
emergencies.
9. All flights will be conducted on private property and with the written and/or oral permission of
the property owner(s).
10. Flights will always be conducted in areas that are clear of all people, except for the PIC and
the PIC's helper(s).
11. All flights will be conducted outdoors in visual meteorological conditions (VMC) and never
during severe weather conditions
12. Flights will not occur in weather conditions that prevent the PIC from operating within visual
line-of-sight (VLOS) at all times or in weather conditions that dramatically affect the UAS's flight
(e.g. high winds).
13. If an operation occurs in an area where people could inadvertently enter the area, an
operational border will be established with traffic cones. If it's not feasible to use traffic cones
due to interference with the photography/videography, the PIC's helper(s) will be responsible for
keeping a safe perimeter around the operation. The operation will cease immediately and be
rescheduled if it's impossible to establish a safe perimeter around the operation.
14. The PIC will be responsible for logging all flights to ensure the comprehensive preventative
maintenance plan can be followed, as described in the "Preventative Maintenance" section
below.
15. The SUAS will not be routinely operated in the proximity of any airports. In any cases where
the SUAS must be operated within five (5) miles of an airport, the airport operator will be notified
before the operation commences.

The operation of SUASs, weighing less than 4.4 lbs., conducted in the strict conditions as
outlined above, will provide an equivalent level of safety supporting the grant of exemptions
requested herein, including exempting the applicant from the requirements of Part 21 and
allowing commercial operations.

April 1, 2015
Page 8
These lightweight aircraft operate at slow speeds, close to the ground, and in a tightly controlled
environment. As a result, they offer a much safer way to capture aerial photography and
videography. Furthermore, the proposed operations represent a safety enhancement to the
already safe operations that have been granted by the FAA for the establishment of the AMA
National Model Aircraft Safety Code.
Preflight Action Plan

The PIC will follow a comprehensive pre-flight checklist to ensure that the SUAS is in a
condition for safe flight. This plan will be improved as needed in order to ensure all known safety
precautions and/or safety precautions suggested by the manufacturer are being accounted for.

    A. Pre-Flight Inspection

    1. Check that the remote control, Phantom battery, range extender, and smartphone are all
         fully charged.

    2. Verify that the Phantom battery is not swollen or damaged in any way. Clean the contact
         needles and pads if necessary.

    3. Turn the motor shafts with your fingers and verify they are smooth without excessive
         play or binding.

    4. Verify that the propellers are mounted correctly. Propellers with a black top should be
         mounted on the mount shafts that have a black dot. Propellers with a silver top should
         be mounted on the mount shafts that have a silver dot. Each propeller should spin all the
         way down onto the motor shaft.

    5. Run finger along the edge of edge blade to check for any rough edges.
    6. Flex both side of the propellers' blades to check for hairline cracks where the blades

         connect in the center of the propeller.
    7. Verify that the landing gear is secure (not cracked/broken/loose).
    8. Verify that the compass and compass cable is firmly attached to the landing gear.
    9. Verify that the Micro-SD card has been inserted and formatted.
    10. Verify that the damping absorbers are not broken and/or worn.
    11. Verify that the anti-drop pins are in place and locked.
    12. Remove the Gimbal guard and camera lens cap.
    13. Verify that the camera is secure and clean. Inspect the camera ribbon cables for tears

         and/or signs of wear.
    14. Verify that the smartphone's GPS is enabled.
    15. Set the smartphone to do-not-disturb mode to prevent distractions while flying.
    16. Set the smartphone to forget any Wi-Fi networks in range in order to prevent the Wi-Fi

         connection from changing mid-flight.
    17. Verify that the smartphone's audio is on to ensure the low battery warning and other

         alarms can be heard.
April 1, 2015
Page 9
         B. Power Up

              1. Verify that S1 and S2 are in the top position on the remote control
              2. Power on the equipment in the following sequential order:

                        a. Range Extender ("System" is blinking green; "Power" is solid green)
                        b. Remote Control (2 beeps to indicate it's in FCC mode)
                        c. Insert and start the Phantom battery.
               3. Watch the Phantom LED startup sequence for abnormal indications. The rear
LEDs should blink green for at least 10-15 seconds to indicate that it locked onto 6+ satellites
and has marked the home point (for use by the failsafe feature).
              4.Calibrate the Phantom's compass.
               5. Place the Phantom on an open, flat ground with the battery indicators facing
towards the PIC at least 10 feet away.

         C. DJI Vision Application

    1. Connect the smartphone Wi-Fi to the range extender.
    2. Launch the "DJI Vision" application on the smartphone.

              a. Verify that the Wi-Fi connection is "Phantom-#####" and is marked with a green
                   dot.

              b. Verify the number of satellites is 6+.
              c. Verify the Wi-Fi signal strength.
              d. Verify that the Phantom and range extender batteries are reporting a full charge.
              e. Verify that both the PIC's and Phantom's location is the same before taking off to

                   ensure the home point has been accurately marked.
              f. Verify the location of the Phantom in the "Flight Radar". If it's not in the correct

                   position/direction and/or shows a distance of "N/A", it did not mark the home
                   point.
              g. Use the "Find my Phantom" feature to ensure the blue (home point location) and
                   red (Phantom location) dots are in the same location on the screen.

         D. Ready to Fly

         1.Verify that the remote control antenna is perpendicular to the ground (pointing
skyward).

         2. Verify that the front, flat face of the range extender is pointed toward the Phantom.
         3.Verify that the rear LEDs are still slowly blinking green and still connected to 6+
satellites.
         4. Start the Phantom motors using the CSC command on the remote control.

April 1,2015
Page 10
         5. Verify that the motors are functioning normally, are not making any unusual noises,
and are all spinning at the same speed

         6. Verify that the area is still clear of obstructions, people, power lines, etc.
         7. Take off and hover at about 6-8 feet above the takeoff point to verify that the
Phantom has a solid GPS lock. If any abnormalities are noticed (drifting, flying in circles, etc.),
land immediately and repeat the "Pre-flight Inspection" and "Power Up" sequences.
         8. Verify that the Phantom holds a steady position while yawing 360 degrees.
         9. Verify that the Phantom response appropriately to all controls ­ yaw left/right, pitch
forward/backward, roll left/right, and throttle up/down.

Preventative Maintenance

A comprehensive preventative maintenance plan will be followed in order to ensure the SUAS's
software is up-to-date, the batteries are in good health, and the aircraft itself is always ready for
safe flight10.

Pilot in Command (PIC) Qualifications

The PIC does not hold an airman certificate or medical certification. Since the SUAS is similar in
size, weight, speed, and operating capability as those currently allowed to be flown for
hobby/recreation, holding the PIC to those same set of standards will allow for an equivalent
level of safety.

The PIC has the computer proficiency needed for the configuration, updating, and maintenance
of the SUAS, thus ensuring safe operation.

It cannot be assumed that a commercial pilot, approved to operate a helicopter or fixed wing
aircraft, has the skill or ability to safely operate an unmanned aerial vehicle, operating at 400
feet AGL or lower, within strictly controlled pre-approved airspace. Since there are no standards
for either private or commercial SUAS pilot certificates, knowledge of airspace regulations and
dexterity in the control and operation of the SUAS acquired from actual operation of the aircraft
will be the most important factors in establishing an equivalent level of safety. With that in mind,
ita imaging proposes that its PIC be required to do the following prior to the first commercial
operation:

1.Perform 25 hours of flight time with the Phantom.

April 1, 2015
Page 11

10 See the "Preventative Maintenance Checklist" on page 41 of the attached "PhantomGuide.pdf"
document.
2.Successfully learn and demonstrate all flight maneuvers in the "Phantom Pilot Training
Guide"11.
3. Study and be familiar with all sections of the "Phantom 2 Vision+ User Manual"12.
4. Study and be familiar with all sections of the "Guide to the Phantom 2 Vision & Vision+"13.
5. Study, be familiar with, and demonstrate (where possible) the "Always be Prepared for the
Worst" scenarios14.

Public Interest

Granting this exemption would benefit the public as a whole. SUASs offer a strong equivalent
level of safety, a reduction in environmental impacts, and are free from the harmful emissions
associated with the manned aircraft that are currently used for aerial photography and
videography. Due to the size of the SUAS and the tightly controlled and limited airspace in
which the SUAS will operate, approval of this application presents no risk to the public.
Furthermore, the public will be able to legally acquire aerial photography and videography to
help in, but not limited to, advertising homes for sale, advertising uninhabited home lots, use of
photos and video as an aid when researching homes for sale on the market, or safely accessing
high and/or awkward areas of a home's exterior to assess damage that needs to be repaired.

Privacy

Since the areas being photographed or filmed will be on private property, accessed only after
given written and/or oral consent by the property owner(s), and clear of all people, except for the
PIC and the PIC's helper(s), approval of this application presents no risk to the public privacy.

National Security

Due to the size of the SUAS and the tightly controlled and limited airspace in which the SUAS
will operate, approval of this application presents no risk to national security.

Requested Exemptions

ita imaging requests exemption from the following regulations since it's not possible to fully
comply with them, and since attempting to follow them for the purposes of operating a SUAS
would be a burden:
April 1, 2015
Page 12

         Airworthiness Certificates

11 See the attached "PhantomTrainingGuide.pdf" document.
12 Study and be familiar with all sections of the "Phantom 2 Vision+ User Manual".
13 Study and be familiar with all sections of the "Guide to the Phantom 2 Vision & Vision+".
14 See "Always be prepared for the Worst" on page 13 of the attached "Guide to the Phantom 2 Vision &
Vision+".
         14 CFR Part 21, Subpart H

         Subpart H establishes the procedural requirements for the issuance of airworthiness
certificates as required by FAR 91.203 (a) (1). Given the size and limited operating area
associated with the aircraft to be utilized by Singer's Creations, an exemption from Part 21
Subpart H meets the requirements of an equivalent level of safety under Part 11 and Section
333 of the Reform Act. The Federal Aviation Act (49 USC 44701 (f)) and Section 333 of the
Reform Act both authorize the FAA to exempt aircraft from the requirement for an airworthiness
certificate, upon consideration of the size, weight, speed, operational capability, and proximity to
airports and populated areas of the particular SUAS. In all cases, an analysis of these criteria
demonstrates that the SUAS operated without an airworthiness certificate, in the restricted
environment and under the conditions proposed, will be at least as safe,or safer, than a
conventional aircraft operating with an airworthiness certificate without the restrictions and
conditions proposed.

         Medical Certificates
         14 CFR 61.23 (a)

         This regulation requires pilots of manned aircraft to hold a medical certificate. Since risks
associated with the operation of the proposed SUAS are so diminished from the level of risk
associated with any manned aircraft; the SUAS is of a size, weight, speed, and operational
capabilities which makes it much safer than any manned aircraft; since operations will occur in
tightly controlled and limited airspace; and considering that all operations will be on private
property that is clear of all people, obtaining and maintaining a medical certificate would not
improve the safety of the operation. In the very rare case of a mishap, the SUAS being flown will
pose significantly less of a threat than manned helicopters and fixed wing aircraft because the
SUASs are a fraction of the size, a fraction of the weight, will be flown at a fraction of the speed,
carry no flammable fuel, and carry no crew or passengers.

         Private pilot privileges and limitations: Pilot in command
         14 CFR 61.113 (a) and (b)
         These regulations limit private pilots to non-commercial operations. Because the SUAS
will not carry a pilot or passengers; due to the SUAS's size, weight, speed, and operational
capabilities; and since operations will occur in tightly controlled and limited airspace, the
proposed operations can achieve the equivalent level of safety of current operations that
currently require a commercial pilot's license. Furthermore, since there are no standards for
either private or commercial SUAS pilot certificates, knowledge of airspace regulations and
dexterity in the control and operation of the SUAS acquired from actual operation of the aircraft
will be the most important factors in establishing an equivalent level of safety. It cannot be
April 1, 2015
Page 13
assumed that a commercial pilot, approved to operate a manned helicopter or fixed wing
aircraft, has the skill or ability to safely operate an unmanned aerial vehicle, operating at 400
feet AGL or lower, within strictly controlled pre-approved airspace.

         Flight Instruction
         14 CFR 91.109

         This regulation provides that no person may operate a civil aircraft (except a manned
         free balloon) that is being used for flight instruction unless that aircraft has fully
         functioning dual controls.

         SUASs and remotely piloted aircraft, by their design do not have fully functional dual
         controls. Flight control is accomplished through the use of a control box that
         communicates with the aircraft via radio communications. The FAA has approved
         exemptions for flight training without fully functional dual controls for a number of aircraft
         and for flight instruction in experimental aircraft. The equivalent level of safety provided
         by the fact that neither a pilot nor passengers will be carried in the aircraft and by the
         size and speed of the aircraft.

         Altimeter Settings
         14 CFR 91.121

         This regulation requires each person operating an aircraft to maintain cruising altitude by
         reference to an altimeter that is set "...to the elevation of the departure airport or an
         appropriate altimeter setting available before departure." As the SUAS may not have a
         barometric altimeter, but instead a GPS altitude read out, an exemption may be needed.
         An equivalent level of safety will be achieved by the operator by confirming the altitude
         of the launch site shown on the GPS altitude indicator before flight.

         Fuel Requirements for Flight in VFR Conditions
         14 CFR 91.151 (a)

         This regulation prohibits an individual from beginning "a flight in an airplane under VFR
         conditions unless (considering wind and forecast weather conditions) there is enough
         fuel to fly to the first point of intended landing, and, assuming normal cruising speed ­
         (1) During the day, to fly after that for at least 30 minutes; or (2) At night, to fly after that
         for at least 45 minutes."

         The battery powering the SUAS provides approximately 25 minutes of powered flight.
         That would make it impossible to meet the 30 minute reserve requirement. Given the
         April 1, 2015
         Page 13
limitations on the SUAS's proposed flight area and the location of its proposed
operations within a predetermined area, a longer time frame for flight in daylight or night
VFR conditions is reasonable.

An equivalent level of safety can be achieved by limiting flights to 25 minutes or 25% of
battery power (whichever occurs first). This restriction would be more than adequate to
return the SUAS to its planned landing zone from anywhere in its limited operating area.

Maintenance Inspections
14 CFR 91.405 (a); 14 CFR 91.407 (a)(1); 14 CFR 91.409 (a)(1); 14 CFR 91.409 (a)(2);
14 CFR 91.417 (a) and (b)

These regulations require that an aircraft operator or owner "shall have that aircraft
inspected as prescribed in subpart E of this part and shall between required inspections,
except as provided in paragraph (c) of this section, have discrepancies repaired as
prescribed in part 43 of this chapter...," and others shall inspect or maintain the aircraft in
compliance with Part 43.

Given that these sections and Part 43 apply only to aircraft with an airworthiness
certificate, these sections will not apply. Maintenance will be accomplished by the
operator pursuant to the aforementioned Phantom user manual and guide. An equivalent
level of safety will be achieved because these small SUASs are very limited in size, will
carry a small payload, and operate only in restricted areas for limited periods of time. If
mechanical issues arise, the SUAS can land immediately and will be operating from no
higher than 400 feet AGL. As outlined in the aforementioned Pre-flight Action Plan, the
operator will ensure that the SUAS is in working order prior to initiating flight and perform
maintenance as required. Moreover, the operator is the person most familiar with the
aircraft and best suited to maintain the aircraft in an airworthy condition to provide the
equivalent level of safety.

In accordance with 14 CFR Part 11, the following summary is provided for publication in
the Federal Register:

         The applicant seeks an exemption from the following rules: 14 CFR Part 21,
Subpart H; 14 CFR 61.113 (a) and (b); 14 CFR 91.109; 14 CFR 91.121; 14 CFR 91.151;
(a); 14 CFR 91.405 (a); 14 CFR 91.407 (a)(1); 14 CFR 91.409 (a)(1); 14 CFR 91.409
(a)(2); 14 CFR 91.417 (a) and (b) to commercially operate small unmanned aircraft
systems (55 lbs. or less) in order to safely and legally capture aerial photography and
videography for use by homeowners, realtors, home builders, home contractors, and/or
home inspectors.
April 1, 2015
Page 14
The operation of SUASs conducted in the strict conditions outlined above, will provide an
equivalent and/or greater level of safety supporting the grant of the exemptions
requested herein, including exempting the applicant from the requirements of Part 21
and allowing commercial operations. These lightweight aircraft operate at slow speeds,
close to the ground, and in a sterile environment, and as a result, are far safer than
existing operations conducted with helicopters operating in close proximity to the ground,
people, or other buildings in the vicinity.

Given the small size of the SUASs involved, the slow speed at which they must be
operated in order to capture photos and videos, and the restricted environment within
which they will operate, the Phantom demonstrates that it can be operated within an
equivalent level of safety in which Congress envisioned that the FAA must, by
exemption, allow commercial operations of SUASs to commence immediately. Also, due
to the size of the SUASs and the restricted areas in which the relevant SUASs will
operate, approval of this application presents no threat to national security. Given the
clear direction in Section 333 of the Reform Act, the authority contained in the Federal
Aviation Act, the strong equivalent level of safety surrounding the proposed operations,
the significant public benefit ­ including enhanced safety, reduction in environmental
impacts, no emissions, ability to legally obtain aerial photography and videography
services ­ the grant of the requested exemptions is in the public interest. Accordingly, ita
imaging respectfully requests that the FAA grant the requested exemption without delay.

Satisfaction of the criteria provided in Section 333 of the Reform Act ­ size, weight,
speed, operating capability, proximity to airports and populated areas, operation within
the visual line of sight, public safety, and national security ­ provide more than adequate
justification to grant ita imaging the requested exemption, allowing for commercial
operations as described herewith.

Sincerely,

Christopher L. NEw
Founder, ita imaging
