March 24, 2015

                                                          Exemption No. 11226
                                                          Regulatory Docket No. FAA-2014-0664

Mr. John J. Wolcott
Industrial Aerobotics, LLC
P.O. Box 11034
Glendale, AZ 85318

Dear Mr. Wolcott:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

The Basis for Our Decision

By letter dated September 2, 2014, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA)
on behalf of Industrial Aerobotics, LLC (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption.
The exemption would allow the petitioner to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to
conduct precision aerial surveys.

Discussion of Public Comments:

A summary of the petition was published in the Federal Register on
September 30, 2014 (79 FR 58851). Three comments were received. The Small
UAV Coalition (Coalition) supported the petition, while the Air Line Pilots
Association, International (ALPA) and the National Agricultural Aviation
Association (NAAA) opposed it.

In support of the petition, the Coalition stated the petitioner has proposed to abide by stronger
safety measures than hobby and modeler groups operating similar aircraft. The Coalition
                                                                                                                 2

stated that it does not believe that heightened safety measures should be required for the
petitioner simply because of the commercial nature of its operations. The Coalition urged the
FAA to adopt an evaluation framework for UAS operations under Section 333 of Public
Law 112­95 that weighs the relative safety issues and risks of UAS by class and operational
circumstances, rather than adopting artificial distinctions among unmanned aerial vehicles
based on commercial and noncommercial operations. The petitioner's UAS pose
considerably less safety risk than larger UAS used for defense and aerospace purposes. The
Coalition asserted that because UAS operations like the petitioner's pose minimal risk to
safety, they should be subject to minimal and appropriate regulations.

The Coalition noted the FAA is to consider the seven factors1 in Section 333 as a minimum.
The Coalition stated the petition shows the FAA should consider factors other than those
specified in Section 333, such as location, altitude of its UAS, and pilot experience. The
Coalition maintained that the petitioner's proposed operations satisfy the seven factors in
Section 333 and include several additional mitigating factors to ensure the safety and security
of the proposed UAS operations. The Coalition emphasized the FAA must evaluate each
factor within the context of the petitioner's proposed UAS operations.

The Coalition also commented that the FAA should grant relief from the requirement to hold
an airman's certificate. The Coalition further stated that if an airman certificate is required
then, at a minimum the, FAA should provide an exception from the training and testing
requirements in part 61 in favor of requirements pertinent to the aircraft and operation
proposed. The Coalition also asserted that in section 333 Congress intended for the FAA to
consider national security with respect to the operation as opposed to addressing it through
pilot certification.

The FAA notes that, as discussed in the grant of exemption to Trimble Navigation Ltd.
(Exemption No. 11110), neither section 333, nor the FAA's exemption authority2 allows the
FAA to exempt pilots from the statutory requirement to hold an airman certificate as
prescribed in 49 USC § 44711.

The Coalition commented that a visual observer (VO) should not be required for all small
UAS operations. The Coalition further asserted that the presence of one or more VOs may
allow the UAS to be operated beyond VLOS of the PIC. The FAA notes that one of the
determinations for operations under Section 333 is operation within visual line of sight. The
PIC must maintain VLOS while operating the UA. The FAA finds that a VO complements the

1 Section 333(b) of P.L. 112 95 states, in part: "In making the determination under subsection (a), the Secretary
shall determine, at a minimum-- (1) which types of unmanned aircraft systems, if any, as a result of their size,
weight, speed, operational capability, proximity to airports and populated areas, and operation within visual line
of sight do not create a hazard to users of the national airspace system or the public or pose a threat to
national security; ..."
2 49 USC § 44701(f)
                                                                                                                 3

PIC's capability to see and avoid other aircraft, including when the PIC may be momentarily
attending to other flying tasks. The VO provides an additional level of operational safety.

ALPA expressed concern regarding several aspects of the petition. ALPA noted the
petitioner's reference to operations conducted within sterile areas is not defined, nor does the
petitioner detail procedures for controlling the airspace or area of operation. Specifically,
ALPA stated "there must be means both to ensure that the sUAS remains within the defined
airspace and to ensure that the hazard of other aircraft intruding on the operation is
mitigated." The FAA believes the limitations under which the petitioner will operate
(i.e. VLOS and at or below 400 feet AGL) are sufficient mitigations to this risk so that the
operations will not adversely affect safety.

ALPA noted that the petitioner does not state how the pilot and the observer will be able to
communicate with each other. ALPA stated that text messaging, either by mobile phone or
other means, could have an unknown latency and extend to several minutes. NAAA stated
UAS observers must be present and able to communicate with the operator from the most
minimal distance possible. The conditions and limitations regarding PIC and VO
communications address those concerns.

ALPA asserted the UAS's lithium polymer batteries have numerous associated fire and
explosion hazards as outlined in DOT/FAA/AR-09/55, "Flammability Assessment of
Lithium-Ion and Lithium-Ion Polymer Battery Cell Designed for Aircraft Power Usage
(January 2010)," and that the safe carriage of the batteries and the mitigations in place for
known risks should be addressed. The referenced study was primarily conducted to
determine how certain battery cells react in a fire situation aboard manned airplanes. Given
the size of the battery and the operating conditions of the UAS, the FAA concludes that the
use of a lithium polymer battery will not pose an undue safety risk for the proposed
operations.

ALPA commented that command and control (C2) link failures are one of the most common
failures on a UAS, and that lost link mitigations should require safe modes to prevent fly-
aways or other scenarios. The FAA has inserted conditions and limitations in this exemption
to mitigate the risk associated with such failures.

ALPA also noted that the petitioner's proposed operations are for "compensation or hire,"
and therefore contends the pilot must hold at least a current FAA commercial pilot certificate
with an appropriate category and class rating for the type of aircraft being flown, as well as
specific and adequate training on the UAS make and model intended to be used. Similarly,
ALPA asserted a current second-class airman medical certificate should be required. NAAA
also commented on pilot qualification, stating--

                  Just as manned aircraft pilots are required to undergo a rigorous
                  training curriculum and show that they are fit to operate a
                                                                      4

commercial aircraft, so too must UAS operators. Holding a
commercial certificate holds UAS operators to similar high standards
as commercial aircraft operators and ensures they are aware of their
responsibilities as commercial operators within the NAS. Medical
requirements ensure they have the necessary visual and mental acuity
to operate a commercial aircraft repeatedly over a sustained period
of time.

The FAA has reviewed the knowledge and training requirements of sport, recreational, private
and commercial certificates and concluded that a UAS PIC holding a minimum of a sport pilot
certificate, and operating under this exemption, would not adversely affect operations in the
NAS or present a hazard to persons or property on the ground. Additional discussion of the
FAA's review is found in the FAA's Analysis section of this exemption.

Although the petitioner did not request an exemption from § 91.113, ALPA noted the
petitioner must specify a means to meet see and avoid requirements in § 91.113 given the
absence of an onboard pilot. The FAA notes that all flights must be operated within VLOS
of the PIC and VO.

ALPA commented that while the petitioner's aircraft has a barometric sensor, the platform
does not have a barometric altimeter as required by 14 CFR § 91.121. ALPA stated that
processes or mitigations must be in place to ensure the UA can accurately maintain altitude
including redundant control capability, fail-safe systems, backups and specific, validated
procedures for system and equipment failures must be in place. The FAA agrees with ALPA
and finds that the alternative means of compliance proposed by the petitioner does not
adversely affect safety.

Regarding the fuel requirements of § 91.151, ALPA argued that using batteries as the only
source of an aircraft's power is a substantial shift from traditional methods of propulsion, and
requires further research to determine best safety practices.

ALPA also expressed concern that the petition makes no reference to compliance with, or a
request for waiver from, 14 CFR 61.195, Flight instructor limitations and qualifications,
which defines the requirements for flight instructors. A certificated flight instructor is
authorized to provide the instruction required for the certificates or ratings or currency listed
in 14 CFR § 61.193. A person instructing on how to operate the UAS under the petitioner's
training program would not need to be a certificated flight instructor because the instruction is
not being provided for a certificate or rating listed in § 61.193. We note that none of the UAS
operations proposed by the petitioner require such flight instruction because § 61.31(l) allows
for operation of the UAS by an airman who is current per 14 CFR § 61.56 without a category
and class rating. Instruction provided toward obtaining the pilot certificate required by this
exemption would need to be provided by a certificated flight instructor.
                                                                                                 5

ALPA expressed concern on whether the petitioner's UAS can comply with the aircraft
light requirements for night operations in § 91.209, given its limited electric power. This
exemption limits operations to daytime only.

Regarding §§ 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(2), and 91.417(a) and (b), ALPA opposed
the petitioner's attempt to avoid compliance with established aircraft maintenance and
recordkeeping requirements. ALPA stated the UAS should comply with the same level of
safety as other aircraft operated commercially in the NAS.

ALPA also expressed concern that the petitioner's waiver request is not for a single specific
operation or location, but for all operations of the same general type. ALPA stated this
results in a considerable increase in the FAA's oversight tasks. The FAA notes ALPAs
concern and in order to minimize potential impact to the NAS, the FAA requires each
operator secure a Certificate of Authorization or COA which covers specific details of the
petitioners operation. The FAA recognizes that UAS integration will generate new NAS
access demand and will review and adjust accordingly.

NAAA stated it represents the interests of small business owners and pilots licensed as
commercial applicators. NAAA explained that its members operate in low-level airspace,
and clear low-level airspace is vital to the safety of these operators.

NAAA stated that seeing and avoiding other aircraft and hazardous obstructions is the
backbone for agricultural safety, and agricultural pilots depend on pilots of other aircraft to
perform their see-and-avoid functions needed to prevent collisions. NAAA believed UA
operations at low altitudes will increase the potential of collision hazards with agricultural
aircraft. NAAA proposed UAS aircraft be painted a highly visible color, be equipped with
strobe lights, and use Automatic Dependent Surveillance­Broadcast (ADS­B) or other
similar location reporting technology. To address these concerns the FAA has incorporated
associated conditions and limitations into this exemption, including: a) NOTAMs issued for
all operations, b) operations conducted within VLOS of the PIC and the VO, and c) the UAS
PIC must always yield right-of-way to manned aircraft.

NAAA also proposed a number of operating limitations and requirements for UAS operators.
NAAA stated UAS operators should have procedures to immediately ground the UAS if an
agricultural aircraft is within 2 miles; be attentive and free from distractions; be equipped with
aviation radios set to a dedicated nationwide frequency; have a separate VO; and maintain
line-of-sight operations. NAAA further stated UAS should be proven to be airworthy and
operate autonomously without software glitches, and be required to have an airworthiness
certificate and liability insurance. These comments are addressed in the conditions and
limitations.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is an Industrial Aerobotics SD02.
                                                                                                                 6

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption No. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Lab, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

· They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

· The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

· A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Industrial Aerobotics, LLC is granted an exemption
from 14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a),
91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a)
and (b), to the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data
collection. This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Industrial Aerobotics, LLC is hereafter referred to as the operator.
                                                                                                                 7

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the an Industrial
         Aerobotics SD02 when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed
         operations of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this
         exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are not
         permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times.
         Electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
         must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
         documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
         Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
         limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
         the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
         Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
         documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
         operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
                                                                                                            8

    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update or
    revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then the
    operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's UAS
    Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding updates or
    revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g. replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g. inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and aircraft
    components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer safety
    bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Colombia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in 14
    CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
                                                                                                            9

    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current FAA-
    published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a pre-
    determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification (N-
    Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must be
    as large as practicable.
                                                                                                              10

   23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
       any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
       PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating. These
       documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
       official upon request.

   24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
       activities at all times.

   25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

   26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
       persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
          a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
             from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
             that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
             where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
             the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
             of nonparticipating persons; and
          b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
             for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
             the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
             present an undue hazard.

       The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
       nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

   27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
       permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
       Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
       obtained for each flight to be conducted.

   28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
       boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
       to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
       reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
       contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption closed-set motion picture and television filming and production, the
following additional conditions and limitations apply.

   29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
       as documented in this grant of exemption.
                                                                                                               11

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.

This exemption terminates on March 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service
