September 2, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12706
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA-2015-0878

Mr. Jonathan Rupprecht
Rupprecht Law P.A.
Counsel for Intelligent Imagery, LLC
324 Datura Street, Suite 200
West Palm Beach, FL 33401

Dear Mr. Rupprecht:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letters dated March 30, June 2, and July 2, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation
Administration (FAA) on behalf of Intelligent Imagery, LLC (hereinafter petitioner or
operator) for an exemption. The petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system
(UAS) to conduct aerial data collection, closed-set film and television production, flight
instruction, search and rescue, education, and research and development.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner are the DJI Phantom 2, DJI Phantom 2 Vision+, DJI
Phantom 3 Advanced, DJI Phantom 3 Professional, DJI S900, DJI S1000, and DJI Inspire 1.
                                                                                                                 2

In accordance with the statutory criteria provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in
reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited
operating area associated with the aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation
has determined that this aircraft meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA
finds that relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts,
Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing
requirements of part 36, is not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1 and closed set motion picture and
filming. The FAA has issued grants of exemption in circumstances similar in all material
respects to those presented in your petition. In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus
Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352), 11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and
11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the
enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned aircraft (UA) with the specifications described
by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or crew, rather than a manned aircraft of
significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA
good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Intelligent Imagery, LLC is granted an exemption from
14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c),
91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to
the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection
and closed set motion picture and filming. This exemption is subject to the conditions and
limitations listed below.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                                                 3

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Intelligent Imagery, LLC is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom 2,
         DJI Phantom 2 Vision+, DJI Phantom 3 Advanced, DJI Phantom 3 Professional, DJI
         S900, DJI S1000, and DJI Inspire 1 when weighing less than 55 pounds including
         payload. Proposed operations of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a
         petition to amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
         must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
         documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
                                                                                                            4

    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.
                                                                                                            5

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.
                                                                                                            6

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

    The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
    nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
    reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
    contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.
                                                                                                                 7

 If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
 television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                                                 8

This exemption terminates on September 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,
/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
               Rupprecht Law P. A.

                                    324 Datura Street, Suite 200 | West Palm Beach, FL 33401
                             P: (561) 222-6979 | E: jon@jrupprechtlaw.com | W: www.jrupprechtlaw.com

March 30, 2015

U. S. Department of Transportation
Docket Management System
1200 New Jersey Ave., SE,
West Building Ground Floor, Room W12-140,
Washington, DC 20590

Re: Request for Exemption under Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act and
         Part 11 of the Federal Aviation Regulations from 14 C.F.R. 61.23(a) and (c); 61.101(e)(4) and
         (5); 61.113(a); 61.315(a); 91.119(c); 91.121; 91.151(a)(1); 91.405(a); 91.407(a)(1);
         91.409(a)(1) and (2); 91.417(a) & (b).

Dear Sir or Madam:

         Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (the Reform Act)
and 14 C.F.R. Part 11, Intelligent Imagery, LLC, an operator of Small Unmanned Aircraft (UA) hereby
applies for an exemption from the listed Federal Aviation Regulations ("FARs") to allow commercial
operation of its UA, so long as such operations are conducted within and under the conditions outlined
herein or as may be established by the FAA as required by Section 333.

QUICK REFERENCE SUMMARY:

     Types of aircraft to be flown:
             o DJI Phantom 1,
             o DJI Phantom 2,
             o DJI Phantom 3,
             o DJI S900,
             o DJI Inspire.

     The operations will be for:
             o Aerial filming and inspections (previously granted under Exemption # 11221 for
                  MicroCopter Professional Services, Inc.) We understand aerial filming to include real
                  estate photography.
             o Mapping (Exemption # 11213 for Aeryon Labs, Inc.),
             o Performing market research (Exemption # 11213 for Aeryon Labs, Inc.),
             o Aerial data collection1 (Exemption # 11213 for Aeryon Labs, Inc.),
     We have a commercial pilot who will operate the drone.
     We already agree to all the restrictions listed in Exemption # 11221 so an examiner can quickly

         copy-paste the granted exemption.

Intelligent Imagery, LLC requests that the publication and comment procedures be waived in
accordance with 14 C.F.R. § 11.87 which states:

    § 11.87 Are there circumstances in which FAA may decide not to publish a summary of my
    petition for exemption?
    The FAA may not publish a summary of your petition for exemption and request comments if
    you present or we find good cause why we should not delay action on your petition. The factors
    we consider in deciding not to request comment include:

         (a) Whether granting your petition would set a precedent.
         (b) Whether the relief requested is identical to exemptions granted previously.
         (c) Whether our delaying action on your petition would affect you adversely.
         (d) Whether you filed your petition in a timely manner.

         Corresponding to the above sub-sections, Intelligent Imagery, LLC has good cause to request the
FAA to waive the comment period and not delay action on the petition because:

    (a) Intelligent Imagery, LLC would not set any precedent. Intelligent Imagery, LLC agrees to the
         almost SAME exact limitations as Exemption # 11221.

    (b) Intelligent Imagery, LLC agrees to the almost SAME exact limitations as Exemption # 11221,
         except we would like to add the Phantom 2 base model which has been granted in other
         exemptions and the Phantom 3 base model.

    (c) Delaying the granting of this petition would adversely affect the public, the FAA, and
         Intelligent Imagery, LLC. The public, as well as the FAA, would be better served by the FAA
         quickly granting this petition and thereby freeing up limited FAA resources and allowing FAA

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA. Examples include
imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF analysis, etc.), chemical
measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by instruments aboard the UA. From Exemption
# 11213.

                                                              2
         inspectors to dedicate their time and attention to much higher priorities. Moreover, Intelligent
         Imagery, LLC is eagerly seeking to start commercial operations and is adversely affected by the
         above listed regulations.

    (d) The petition has been filed in a timely manner.

Petitioner's contact info:

Intelligent Imagery, LLC
Attn: Brent Dillon
Phone: 561-350-8945
Email: ebrentdillion@gmail.com
Address: 8129 Emerald Winds Circle, Boynton Beach, FL 33473

Rupprecht Law, P.A.
Attn: Jonathan Rupprecht
Phone: 561-222-6979
Email: jon@jrupprechtlaw.com
Address: 324 Datura Street, Suite 200, West Palm Beach, Florida 33401

Regulations from which the exemption is requested:

     14 C.F.R. § 61.113(a)
     14 C.F.R. § 91.7(a)
     14 C.F.R. § 91.119(c)
     14 C.F.R. § 91.121
     14 C.F.R. § 91.151(a)(1)
     14 C.F.R. § 91.405(a)
     14 C.F.R. § 91.407(a)(1)
     14 C.F.R. § 91.409(a)(1) & (2)
     14 C.F.R. § 91.417(a) & (b)

         This exemption application is expressly submitted to fulfill Congress' goal in passing Section
333(a) through (c) of the Reform Act. This law directs the Secretary of Transportation to consider
whether certain unmanned aircraft systems may operate safely in the national airspace system (NAS)
before completion of the rulemaking required under Section 332 of the FAA Modernization and Reform
Act. In making this determination, the Secretary is required to determine which types of UA do not

                                                              3
create a hazard to users of the NAS or the public or pose a threat to national security in light of the
following:

     The UA's size, weight, speed, and operational capability;
     Operation of the UA in close proximity to airports and populated areas; and,
     Operation of the UA within visual line of sight of the operator (VLOS).2

Lastly, if the Secretary determines that such vehicles "may operate safely in the national airspace
system, the Secretary shall establish requirements for the safe operation of such aircraft in the national
airspace system." Id. § 333(c) (emphasis added).3

         The Federal Aviation Act expressly grants the FAA the authority to issue exemptions. This
statutory authority by its terms includes exempting civil aircraft, as the term is defined under § 40101 of
the Act that includes UAS's, from the requirement that all civil aircraft must have a current
airworthiness certificate.

         "The Administrator may grant an exemption from a requirement of a regulation prescribed under
subsection (a) or (b) of this section or any sections 44702-44716 of this title if the Administrator finds
the exemption in the public interest." 49 U.S.C. § 44701(f). See also 49 U.S.C. § 44711(b).

OPERATING DOCUMENTS

         Intelligent Imagery, LLC will operate only within the limitations below and also under the DJI
Phantom 1 User's Manual, the DJI Phantom 2 User's Manual, DJI Phantom 3 User's Manual, the DJI
Inspire User's Manual, and the DJI S900 User's Manual.

AIRCRAFT AND EQUIVALENT LEVEL OF SAFETY

         The applicant proposes that the exemption requested herein applies to civil aircraft that have the
characteristics and that operate with the limitations listed herein. These limitations provide for at least an
equivalent or even higher level of safety to operations under the current regulatory structure.

2 Reform Act § 333(a).
3 Applicant interprets this provision to place the duty on the Administrator to not only process applications for exemptions

  under section 333, but for the Administrator to craft conditions for the safe operation of the UAS, if it should be determined
  that the conditions set forth herein do not fulfill the statutory requirements for approval.

                                                              4
         These limitations and conditions, almost identical to Exemption # 11221. Intelligent Imagery,
LLC agrees to be bound when conducting commercial UA operations. Additions will be underlined and
in bold. Deletions will be striked-through. The list of limitations and conditions include the following:

         1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the Tarot T-15
                  (octocopter), Tarot 960 and Tarot 690 (hexacopters) DJI Phantom 1, 2, and 3; DJI
                  Inspire; and DJI S900 when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed
                  operations of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this
                  exemption.

         2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are not
                  permitted.

         3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
                  exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
                  compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
                  airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the aircraft
                  manufacturer.

         4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
                  (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

         5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times. This
                  requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
                  corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or U.S.
                  driver's license.

         6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within the
                  visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used to
                  satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS capability. The
                  VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times. Electronic messaging or
                  texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC must be designated before the

                                                              5
         flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the duration of the flight. The PIC
         must ensure that the VO can perform the duties required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its operations
         in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of exemption, are
         hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating documents must be
         accessible during UAS operations and made available to the Administrator upon request.
         If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and limitations in this exemption and the
         procedures outlined in the operating documents, the conditions and limitations herein
         take precedence and must be followed. Otherwise, the operator must follow the
         procedures as outlined in its operating documents. The operator may update or revise its
         operating documents. It is the operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present
         updated and revised documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon
         request. The operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for
         extension or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any
         update or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption,
         then the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
         UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding updates
         or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation or
         flight characteristics, e.g. replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo a
         functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
         Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
         least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such a
         manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is in
         a condition for safe operation.

                                                     6
10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the UAS
         is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all potential
         discrepancies, e.g. inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the inspection reveals
         a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is prohibited from
         operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the UAS is found to
         be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul, replacement,
         inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer safety
         bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport, commercial,
         private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a current FAA
         airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a state, the District of
         Colombia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal government. The PIC
         must also meet the flight review requirements specified in 14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft
         in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the ability
         to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
         under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and maintaining
         appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC qualification
         flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with 14 CFR § 61.51(b).
         Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs (training, proficiency,
         and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to safely operate the UAS in a
         manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated under this exemption are permitted
         under the terms of this exemption. However, training operations may only be conducted
         during dedicated training sessions. During training, proficiency, and experience-building
         flights, all persons not essential for flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and

                                                     7
         the PIC must operate the UA with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in
         accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
         operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
         under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
         denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not denoted
         with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current FAA published
         aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's management is obtained
         or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption holder. The letter of agreement
         with the airport management must be made available to the Administrator or any law
         enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet horizontally
         from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to
         predetermined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
         weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the intended
         operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve power
         recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
         operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The exemption
         holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct operations that
         cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

                                                     8
22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
         number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification (N
         Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must be as
         large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
         any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the PIC at
         the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating. These
         documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement official
         upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and activities
         at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
         persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:

                  a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating
                  persons from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must
                  ensure that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation
                  arises where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500
                  feet of the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the
                  safety of nonparticipating persons; and,

                  b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted
                  permission for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety
                  assessment of the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it
                  does not present an undue hazard.

The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered nonparticipating persons
under this exemption.

                                                     9
27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
         permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.

         Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be obtained
         for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
         boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported to
         the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be reported
         to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions contained on the
         NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption closed-set motion picture and television filming and production, the following
additional conditions and limitations apply.

29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM) as
         documented in this grant of exemption.

30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this exemption
         must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards District Office
         (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day notification may
         be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities must include at least
         the following:

                  a. Dates and times for all flights;

                  b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
                  under this grant of exemption;

                  c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation
                  of the UAS;

                  d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;

                  e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;

                                                     10
                           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
                           and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
                           who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
                           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
                           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
                           town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
                           essential to accomplish the operation.
         31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
                  consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
                  exemption holder's MPTOM.
STATUTORY CRITERIA PROVIDED IN SECTION 333
         The Federal Aviation Act (49 U.S.C.§ 44701 (f)) and Section 333 of the Reform Act both
authorize the FAA to exempt aircraft from the requirement for an airworthiness certificate, upon
consideration of the size, weight, speed, operational capability, and proximity to airports and populated
areas of the particular UAS. In all cases, an analysis of these criteria demonstrates that the UAS operated
without an airworthiness certificate and under the restrictions proposed will be at least as safe, or safer,
than a conventional aircraft (fixed wing or rotorcraft) operating with an airworthiness certificate without
the restrictions and conditions proposed.
         Since the UA fully loaded weighs no more than 55 lbs. and is operated without an onboard pilot,
there is no ability or place to carry certification and registration documents or to display them on the
unmanned aircraft. An equivalent level of safety will be achieved by keeping these documents at the
ground control point where the pilot flying the UA will have immediate access to them. Given the size
of the unmanned aircraft, the FAA registration number will be displayed on the airframe in as large a
font as possible.

                                                              11
14 C.F.R. § 61.23(a) & (c): MEDICAL CERTIFICATES

         Exemption # 11221, granted to MicroCopter Professional Services, Inc, provided that a U.S.
driver's license could be used in lieu of the medical certificate.

14 C.F.R. § 61.101(E)(4) & (5): RECREATIONAL PILOT PRIVILEGES AND LIMITATIONS & 14 C.F.R.
§ 61.315(A): SPORT PILOT LIMITATIONS.

         Exemption # 11221, granted to MicroCopter Professional Services, Inc, provided that the
"PIC must hold either an airline transport, commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot
certificate." Likewise, Intelligent Imagery, LLC is also performing commercial UAS work and is
asking for the same restrictions which have been previously deemed to provide an equivalent level
of safety as the burdensome regulations.

14 C.F.R. § 61.113 (a) & (b): PRIVATE PILOT PRIVILEGES AND LIMITATIONS: PILOT IN
COMMAND.

         Sub-sections 61.113(a) limit private pilots to non-commercial operations. Because the UAS
will not carry a pilot or passengers, the proposed operations can achieve the equivalent level of
safety of current operations by requiring the PIC operating the aircraft to have a private pilot's
license rather than a commercial pilot's license to operate this small UAS. Unlike a conventional
aircraft that carries the pilot and passengers, the UAS is remotely controlled with no living thing on
board.

14 C.F.R. § 91.7(a): CIVIL AIRCRAFT AIRWORTHINESS.

         Exemption # 11224 granted to NextEra Energy, Inc. determined that the DJI Phantom 2
Vision +, DJI Inspire, and DJI S900 were previously determined in other exemptions to not be
required to have an airworthiness certificate based upon the authority of Section 333 of the FAA
Modernization and Reform Act of 2012. Other exemptions have also determined that the Phantom 2
platform does not need an airworthiness certificate. See Exemption # 11220 for Aerial Production
Services, Inc. The Phantom 3 platform is similar to the Phantom 2 and should not need an
airworthiness certificate.

                                                              12
14 C.F.R. § 91.119: MINIMUM SAFE ALTITUDES

         Section 91.119 establishes safe altitudes for operation of civil aircraft. Section 91.119 (d)
allows helicopters to be operated at less than the minimums prescribed, provided the person
operating the helicopter complies with any route or altitudes prescribed for helicopters by the FAA.

         Because of the lack of flammable fuel, any risk associated with these operations is far less
than those presently presented with conventional aircraft operating at or below 500 AGL. In
addition, the low-altitude operations of the UAS will ensure separation between these small UAS
operations and the operations of conventional aircraft that must comply with Section 91.119.
14 C.F.R. § 91.121: ALTIMETER SETTINGS

         This regulation requires each person operating an aircraft to maintain cruising altitude by
reference to an altimeter that is set "... to the elevation of the departure airport or an appropriate altimeter
setting available before departure." As the UAS may not have a barometric altimeter, but instead a GPS
altitude read out, an exemption may be needed. An equivalent level of safety will be achieved by the
operator, pursuant to the operating manuals.
14 C.F.R. § 91.151(A): FUEL REQUIREMENTS FOR FLIGHT IN VFR CONDITIONS

         Section 91.151 (a) prohibits an individual from beginning "a flight in an airplane under VFR
conditions unless (considering wind and forecast weather conditions) there is enough fuel to fly to the
first point of intended landing, and, assuming normal cruising speed - (1) During the day, to fly after that
for at least 30 minutes; or (2) At night, to fly after that for at least 45 minutes."

         The battery powering the UAS provides approximately 40 minutes of powered flight. To meet
the 30 minute reserve requirement in 14 C.F.R. § 91.151, UAS flights would be limited to approximately
10 minutes in length. Given the limitations on the UAS's proposed flight area and the location of its
proposed operations within a predetermined area, a longer time frame for flight in daylight or night VFR
conditions is reasonable.

         Applicant believes that an equivalent level of safety can be achieved by limiting the PIC from
beginning a UAS flight unless (considering wind and forecast weather conditions and assuming normal

                                                              13
cruising speed) "there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the intended operation and to
operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve power recommended by the manufacturer
if greater." Exemption # 11224, at page 9.
14 C.F.R. § 91.405 (a); § 407 (a) (1); § 409 (a) (2); § 417(a) & (b): MAINTENANCE INSPECTIONS

         These regulations require that an aircraft operator or owner "shall have that aircraft inspected as
prescribed in subpart E of this part and shall between required inspections, except as provided in
paragraph (c) of this section, have discrepancies repaired as prescribed in part 43 of this chapter..." and
others shall inspect or maintain the aircraft in compliance with Part 43.

Given that these sections and Part 43 apply only to aircraft with an airworthiness certificate, these
sections will not apply to the applicant. An equivalent level of safety will be achieved because these
small UAS's are very limited in size and will carry a small payload and operate only in restricted areas
for limited periods of time. Moreover, the operator is the person most familiar with the aircraft and best
suited to maintain the aircraft in an airworthy condition to provide the equivalent level of safety.

CONCLUSION:
The operation of Intelligent Imagery, LLC using a small UAS, weighing less than 55 lbs., conducted
under the proposed restrictions outlined above, will provide an equivalent level of safety supporting the
grant of the exemptions requested herein.

If I can be of any assistance to further expedite this petition, please do not hesitate to contact me at
(561)222-6979 or at my email jon@jrupprechtlaw.com.

         Sincerely yours,

_____________________
Jonathan Rupprecht, Esq.

                          14
               Rupprecht Law P. A.

                                    324 Datura Street, Suite 200 | West Palm Beach, FL 33401
                             P: (561) 222-6979 | E: jon@jrupprechtlaw.com | W: www.jrupprechtlaw.com

June 2, 2015

U. S. Department of Transportation
Docket Management System
1200 New Jersey Ave., SE,
West Building Ground Floor, Room W12-140,
Washington, DC 20590

Re: Request for Exemption under Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act and
         Part 11 of the Federal Aviation Regulations from 14 C.F.R. 61.23(a) and (c); 61.101(e)(4) and
         (5); 61.113(a); 61.315(a); 91.119(c); 91.121; 91.151(a)(1); 91.405(a); 91.407(a)(1);
         91.409(a)(1) and (2); 91.417(a) & (b).

                                                PETITION FOR EXEMPTION

Dear Sir or Madam:

         Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (the Reform Act)
and 14 C.F.R. Part 11, Intelligent Imagery, LLC, an operator of Small Unmanned Aircraft (UA) hereby
applies for an exemption from the listed Federal Aviation Regulations ("FARs") to allow commercial
operation of its UA.

TABLE OF CONTENTS
I. QUICK REFERENCE SUMMARY ....................................................................................................... 3
II. INTELLIGENT IMAGERY, LLC REQUESTS THAT THE PUBLICATION AND COMMENT
PROCEDURES BE WAIVED IN ACCORDANCE WITH 14 C.F.R. § 11.87.......................................... 5
III. FEDERAL REGISTER SUMMARY ................................................................................................... 6
IV. PETITIONER'S CONTACT INFO: ..................................................................................................... 7
V. REGULATIONS FROM WHICH THE EXEMPTION IS REQUESTED ............................................ 7
VI. OPERATING DOCUMENTS .............................................................................................................. 7
VII. STATUTORY AUTHORITY TO GRANT THIS PETITION............................................................. 8
VIII. EQUIVALENT LEVEL OF SAFETY ............................................................................................... 9
IX. REGULATIONS FROM WHICH EXEMPTION IS NEEDED ........................................................ 16

  A. 14 C.F.R. § 61.23(a) & (c): Medical Certificates........................................................................... 16
  B. 14 C.F.R. § 61.101(e)(4) & (5): Recreational Pilot Privileges and Limitations & 14 C.F.R. §
  61.315(a): Sport Pilot Limitations. ........................................................................................................ 16
  C. 14 C.F.R. § 61.113 (a): Private Pilot Privileges and Limitations: Pilot In Command. .................. 16
  D. 14 C.F.R. § 91.7(a): Civil Aircraft Airworthiness. ......................................................................... 16
  E. 14 C.F.R. § 91.119: Minimum Safe Altitudes................................................................................ 17
  F. 14 C.F.R. § 91.121: Altimeter Settings .......................................................................................... 17
  G. 14 C.F.R. § 91.151(a): Fuel Requirements for Flight in VFR Conditions..................................... 17
  H. 14 C.F.R. § 91.405 (a); § 91.407 (a) (1); § 91.409 (a) (2); § 91.417(a) & (b): Maintenance
  Inspections ............................................................................................................................................. 18
X. CONCLUSION.................................................................................................................................... 18

                                                              2
I. QUICK REFERENCE SUMMARY

     Types of aircraft to be flown:
             o Phantom 2 (Previously granted in Exemption No. 11699)
             o Phantom 2 Vision + (Previously granted in in Exemption No. 11218)
             o Phantom 3
                       Professional
                       Advanced
             o DJI S900 (Previously granted in Exemption No. 11697)
             o DJI S1000 (Previously granted in Exemption No. 11554)
             o DJI Inspire (Previously granted in Exemption No. 11607)

     The operations will be for:
             o Aerial data collection,1
             o Closed-set film/television production, (MPTOM will be submitted confidentially)
             o Flight instruction,
             o Search and Rescue,
             o Education, and
             o Research and development.

     The petitioner will operate under the restrictions listed below and those in the manufacturer's
         manual.
             o Phantom 2
                       Phantom 2 User Manual (EN) v1.4 http://download.dji-
                           innovations.com/downloads/phantom_2/en/PHANTOM2_User_Manual_v1.4_en.
                           zip
             o Phantom 2 Vision +
                       Phantom 2 Vision+ User Manual (EN) v1.8 http://download.dji-
                           innovations.com/downloads/phantom_2_vision_plus/en/Phantom_2_Vision_Plus
                           _User_Manual_v1.8_en.zip
             o Phantom 3
                       Phantom 3 Intelligent Flight Battery Safety Guidelines v1.0 http://download.dji-
                           innovations.com/downloads/phantom_3/en/Intelligent_Flight_Battery_Safety_Gu
                           idelines_en.zip

1 "Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA. Examples include
imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF analysis, etc.), chemical
measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by instruments aboard the UA." Exemption No.
11482

                                                              3
                   Phantom 3 Safety Guidelines and Disclaimer http://download.dji-
                      innovations.com/downloads/phantom_3/en/Safety_Guidelines_Disclaimer_en.zip

                   Professional
                            Phantom 3 Professional Quick Start Guide (EN) v1.0 http://download.dji-
                               innovations.com/downloads/phantom_3/en/Phantom_3_Professional_Quic
                               k_Start_Guide_en.zip
                            Phantom 3 Professional User Manual (EN) v1.2 http://download.dji-
                               innovations.com/downloads/phantom_3/en/Phantom_3_Professional_User
                               _Manual_v1.2_en.zip
                            Phantom 3 Professional In the Box http://download.dji-
                               innovations.com/downloads/phantom_3/en/Phantom_3_Professional_In_t
                               he_Box_en.zip

                   Advanced
                            Phantom 3 Advanced Quick Start Guide (EN) v1.0 http://download.dji-
                               innovations.com/downloads/phantom_3/en/Phantom_3_Advanced_Quick
                               _Start_Guide_en.zip
                            Phantom 3 Advanced User Manual (EN) v1.2 http://download.dji-
                               innovations.com/downloads/phantom_3/en/Phantom_3_Advanced_User_
                               Manual_v1.2_en.zip
                            Phantom 3 Advanced In the Box http://download.dji-
                               innovations.com/downloads/phantom_3/en/Phantom_3_Advanced_In_the
                               _Box_en.zip

         o DJI S900
                   S900 User Manual v1.2 http://download.dji-
                      innovations.com/downloads/s900/en/S900_User_Manual_v1.2_en.zip

         o DJI S1000
                   S1000 Manual http://www.dji.com/product/spreading-wings-s1000/download
                   A2 Flight Controller Manual http://download.dji-
                      innovations.com/downloads/a2/en/A2_Quick_Start_Guide_v1.04_en.pdf

         o DJI Inspire
                   Inspire Manual http://download.dji-
                      innovations.com/downloads/inspire_1/en/Inspire_1_User_Manual_v1.0_en.pdf

 We already agree to all the restrictions listed in Exemption # 11284 which are listed below.

                                                          4
II. INTELLIGENT IMAGERY, LLC REQUESTS THAT THE PUBLICATION AND COMMENT
PROCEDURES BE WAIVED IN ACCORDANCE WITH 14 C.F.R. § 11.87.

    § 11.87 Are there circumstances in which FAA may decide not to publish a summary of my
    petition for exemption?
    The FAA may not publish a summary of your petition for exemption and request comments if
    you present or we find good cause why we should not delay action on your petition. The factors
    we consider in deciding not to request comment include:

         (a) Whether granting your petition would set a precedent.
         (b) Whether the relief requested is identical to exemptions granted previously.
         (c) Whether our delaying action on your petition would affect you adversely.
         (d) Whether you filed your petition in a timely manner.

         Corresponding to the above sub-sections, Intelligent Imagery, LLC has good cause to request the
FAA to waive the comment period and not delay action on the petition because:

    (a) Intelligent Imagery, LLC would not set any precedent. Intelligent Imagery, LLC Intelligent

         Imagery, LLC agrees to the SAME exact limitations as Exemption # 11284. Furthermore, all of

         the aircraft, except for the Phantom 3, have already been evaluated under previous petitions and

         are deemed to have the equivalent level of safety if operated under the restrictions hereto already

         agreed upon.

    (b) Intelligent Imagery, LLC agrees to the SAME exact limitations as Exemption # 11284.

    (c) Delaying the granting of this petition would adversely affect the public, the FAA, and

         Intelligent Imagery, LLC The public, as well as the FAA, would be better served by the FAA

         quickly granting this petition and thereby freeing up limited FAA resources and allowing FAA

         inspectors to dedicate their time and attention to much higher priorities. Moreover, Intelligent

         Imagery, LLC is adversely affected by the below listed regulations.

                                                              5
    (d) The petition has been filed in a timely manner.
III. FEDERAL REGISTER SUMMARY

         Pursuant to 14 C.F.R. Part 11, the following summary is provided for publication in the Federal
Register, should it be determined that publication is needed.

    Applicant seeks an exemption from the following rules:
         14 C.F.R. 61.23(a) and (c); 61.101(e)(4) and (5); 61.113(a); 61.315(a); 91.119(c); 91.121;

    91.151(a)(1); 91.405(a); 91.407(a)(1); 91.409(a)(1) and (2); 91.417(a) & (b) to operate
    commercially a small unmanned vehicle (55 lbs. or less) for aerial data collection and
    film/television production, flight instruction, search and rescue, education, and research and
    development.

         This exemption will allow commercial operations of UA's which will enhance safety by
    reducing risk. The alternative to using a UA is to use a jet or piston power aircraft carrying large
    amounts of jet A or other fuel. Not only is the operation dangerous at the location, the aircraft
    must fly to the location and back to the home airport. Our UA will weigh less than 55 lbs. and
    powered by batteries which eliminates most of the risk because no highly flammable fuel will be
    involved. The UA will carry no passengers or crew; thus, eliminating most of the risk to the pilot
    and personnel. The operations of the UA listed under the restrictions proposed herein will
    provide an equivalent level of safety as the Federal Aviation Regulations.

                                                              6
IV. PETITIONER'S CONTACT INFO:
Intelligent Imagery, LLC
Attn: Brent Dillon
Email: ebrentdillion@gmail.com
Address: 8129 Emerald Winds Circle, Boynton Beach, FL 33473
V. REGULATIONS FROM WHICH THE EXEMPTION IS REQUESTED

     14 C.F.R. § 61.23(a) and (c)
     14 C.F.R. § 61.101(e)(4) and (5)
     14 C.F.R. § 61.113(a)
     14 C.F.R. § 61.315(a)
     14 C.F.R. § 91.7(a)
     14 C.F.R. § 91.119(c)
     14 C.F.R. § 91.121
     14 C.F.R. § 91.151(a)(1)
     14 C.F.R. § 91.405(a)
     14 C.F.R. § 91.407(a)(1)
     14 C.F.R. § 91.409(a)(1) & (2)
     14 C.F.R. § 91.417(a) & (b)
VI. OPERATING DOCUMENTS

         Intelligent Imagery, LLC will operate only within the limitations below and the limitations listed
in the user manuals listed in the quick reference summary above and the confidentially submitted
MPTOM. The limitations below, from the previously granted exemption, will be followed if there is a
conflict with the manufacturer's user manual or MPTOM.

                                                              7
VII. STATUTORY AUTHORITY TO GRANT THIS PETITION
         The Federal Aviation Act expressly grants the FAA the authority to issue exemptions. This

statutory authority by its terms includes exempting civil aircraft, as the term is defined under § 40101 of
the Act that includes UAS's, from the requirement that all civil aircraft must have a current
airworthiness certificate. "The Administrator may grant an exemption from a requirement of a regulation
prescribed under subsection (a) or (b) of this section or any sections 44702-44716 of this title if the
Administrator finds the exemption in the public interest." 49 U.S.C. § 44701(f). See also 49 U.S.C. §
44711(b).

         This exemption petition is expressly submitted to fulfill Congress' goal in passing Section 333(a)
through (c) of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012. This law directs the Secretary of
Transportation to consider whether certain unmanned aircraft systems may operate safely in the national
airspace system (NAS) before completion of the rulemaking required under Section 332 of the FAA
Modernization and Reform Act. In making this determination, the Secretary is required to determine
which types of UA do not create a hazard to users of the NAS or the public or pose a threat to national
security in light of the following:

     The UA's size, weight, speed, and operational capability;
     Operation of the UA in close proximity to airports and populated areas; and,
     Operation of the UA within visual line of sight of the operator (VLOS).2

         If the Secretary determines that such vehicles "may operate safely in the national airspace
system, the Secretary shall establish requirements for the safe operation of such aircraft in the national
airspace system." Id. § 333(c) (emphasis added).3 The FAA has already established requirements for
summary grants which will be further discussed below.

2 FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 at § 333(a).
3 Applicant interprets this provision to place the duty on the Administrator to not only process applications for exemptions

  under section 333, but for the Administrator to craft conditions for the safe operation of the UAS, if it should be determined
  that the conditions set forth herein do not fulfill the statutory requirements for approval.

                                                              8
VIII. EQUIVALENT LEVEL OF SAFETY
         The applicant proposes that the exemption requested herein applies to civil aircraft that have the

characteristics and that operate with the limitations listed herein. These limitations provide for at least an
equivalent or even higher level of safety to operations under the current regulatory structure.

         These limitations and conditions are identical to Exemption # 11284 except for the difference in
aircraft. Intelligent Imagery, LLC agrees to be bound when conducting commercial UA operations. The
list of limitations and conditions include the following:

         1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom 2, Phantom 2
            Vision Plus, Phantom 3 Advanced and Professional, Inspire, S900, and S1000 when weighing
            less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any other aircraft will require a
            new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

         2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are permitted.

         3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
            exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine compliance
            with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at airspeeds greater than
            the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the aircraft manufacturer.

         4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level (AGL).
            Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

         5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times. This
            requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than corrective
            lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or U.S. driver's
            license.

         6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within the visual
            line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used to satisfy the VLOS
            requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS capability. The VO and PIC must be
            able to communicate verbally at all times; electronic messaging or texting is not permitted

                                                              9
   during flight operations. The PIC must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his
   or her designation for the duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform
   the duties required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its operations in
   accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of exemption, are
   hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating documents must be
   accessible during UAS operations and made available to the Administrator upon request. If a
   discrepancy exists between the conditions and limitations in this exemption and the
   procedures outlined in the operating documents, the conditions and limitations herein take
   precedence and must be followed. Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as
   outlined in its operating documents. The operator may update or revise its operating
   documents. It is the operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and
   revised documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
   operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension or
   amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update or revision
   would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then the operator must
   petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-
   80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding updates or revisions to the operating
   documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation or
   flight characteristics, e.g. replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo a
   functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption. Functional
   test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at least 500 feet from
   other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such a manner so as to not pose
   an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is in a
   condition for safe operation.

                                                     10
10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the UAS is in
    a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all potential
    discrepancies, e.g. inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the inspection reveals a
    condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is prohibited from operating
    until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the UAS is found to be in a
    condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul, replacement,
     inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer safety
     bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport, commercial,
     private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a current FAA airman
     medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a state, the District of Colombia,
     Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal government. The PIC must also meet
     the flight review requirements specified in 14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is
     rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated under this
    exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and maintaining appropriate
    distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC qualification flight hours and
    currency must be logged in a manner consistent with 14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the
    purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs (training, proficiency, and experience-
    building) and determining the PIC's ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent
    with how the UAS will be operated under this exemption are permitted under the terms of
    this exemption. However, training operations may only be conducted during dedicated
    training sessions. During training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons

                                                     11
    not essential for flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate
    the UA with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
     operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights under
     special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
     denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not denoted with
     an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current FAA published
     aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's management is obtained or
     otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption holder. The letter of agreement with
     the airport management must be made available to the Administrator or any law
     enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet horizontally
     from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return t predetermined
    location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast weather
    conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the intended operation and
    to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve power recommended by the
    manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All operations
    shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The exemption holder may
    apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct operations that cannot be conducted
    under the terms of the attached COA.

                                                     12
22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial number,
    registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification (N Number) markings
    in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and any
    documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the PIC at the
    Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating. These documents must
    be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and activities at
    all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating persons,
    vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:

         a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons from
         the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure that
         nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises where
         nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of the UA, flight
         operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety of nonparticipating
         persons; and

         b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission for
         operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of the risk of
         operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not present an undue hazard.

The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered nonparticipating persons
under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with permission
    from the property owner/controller or authorized representative. Permission from property

                                                     13
             owner/controller or authorized representative will be obtained for each flight to be
             conducted.

         28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical boundaries
             of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported to the FAA's UAS
             Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be reported to the National
             Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions contained on the NTSB Web site:
             www.ntsb.gov.

For the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming and production, the following
additional conditions and limitations apply.

         29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM) as
              documented in this grant of exemption.

         30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this exemption must
             submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards District Office (FSDO) with
             jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day notification may be waived with the
             concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities must include at least the following:

                  a. Dates and times for all flights;

                  b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted under
                     this grant of exemption;

                  c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of the
                     UAS;

                  d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;

                  e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;

                  f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners and/or
                    local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those who gave
                    permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;

                                                              14
                  g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and

                  h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city, town,
                     county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes essential to
                     accomplish the operation.

         31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
              consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
              exemption holder's MPTOM.

         Intelligent Imagery, LLC's UA are rotorcraft, weighing 55 lbs. or less including payload. They
operate, under normal conditions at a speed of no more than 50 knots and they have the capability to
hover, and move in the vertical and horizontal plane simultaneously. They will operate only within
VLOS and only within the restrictions above and inside the manufacturer's manuals and the MPTOM.
Such operations will insure that the UA will "not create a hazard to users of the national airspace system
or the public."4

         Given the small size of the UA involved and the restricted sterile environment within which they
will operate, the applicant falls squarely within that zone of safety (an equivalent level of safety) in
which Congress envisioned that the FAA must, by exemption, allow commercial operations of UA to
commence immediately. Also, due to the size of the UA and the restricted areas in which the relevant
UA will operate, approval of the application presents no national security issue.

         Since the UA fully loaded weighs no more than 55 lbs. and is operated without an onboard pilot,
there is no ability or place to carry certification and registration documents or to display them on the
unmanned aircraft. An equivalent level of safety will be achieved by keeping these documents at the
ground control point where the pilot flying the UA will have immediate access to them. Also, given the
size of the unmanned aircraft, the FAA registration number will be displayed on the airframe in as large
a font as possible.

4 Reform Act Section 333(b).

                              15
IX. REGULATIONS FROM WHICH EXEMPTION IS NEEDED
    A. 14 C.F.R. § 61.23(a) & (c): Medical Certificates
         Exemption # 11221, # 11284, and many others have provided that a U.S. driver's license

could be used in lieu of the medical certificate provides an equivalent level of safety.

    B. 14 C.F.R. § 61.101(e)(4) & (5): Recreational Pilot Privileges and Limitations & 14 C.F.R. §
         61.315(a): Sport Pilot Limitations.

         Exemption # 11221, # 11284, and many others have declared that there is an equivalent level
of safety as the FAR's by requiring the PIC to "hold either an airline transport, commercial, private,
recreational, or sport pilot certificate." Likewise, Intelligent Imagery, LLC is also performing
commercial UAS work and is asking for the same restrictions which have been previously deemed to
provide an equivalent level of safety as the burdensome regulations.

    C. 14 C.F.R. § 61.113 (a): Private Pilot Privileges and Limitations: Pilot In Command.

         Sub-sections 61.113(a) limit private pilots to non-commercial operations. Because the UAS
will not carry a pilot or passengers, the proposed operations can achieve the equivalent level of
safety of current operations by requiring the PIC operating the aircraft to have a sport pilot license
rather than a commercial pilot's license to operate this small UAS. Unlike a conventional aircraft that
carries the pilot and passengers, the UAS is remotely controlled with no living thing on board.

    D. 14 C.F.R. § 91.7(a): Civil Aircraft Airworthiness.

         As there will be no airworthiness certificate issued for the unmanned aircraft, and no FAA
regulatory standard will exist for determining airworthiness of the UA, the requirements contained in
the manufacturer's manuals, the MPTOM, and the restrictions already agreed to will provide an
equivalent level of safety.

         Furthermore, all of the aircraft above except for the Phantom 3 has been previously evaluated
and deemed to have the equivalent level of safety of the regulations if operated under the restrictions
above. Therefore, this aircraft should not be required to have an airworthiness certificate based upon
the FAA's previous determinations.

                                                              16
    E. 14 C.F.R. § 91.119: Minimum Safe Altitudes
         Section 91.119 establishes safe altitudes for operation of civil aircraft. Section 91.119 (d)

allows helicopters to be operated at less than the minimums prescribed, provided the person
operating the helicopter complies with any route or altitudes prescribed for helicopters by the FAA.

         Because of the lack of flammable fuel, any risk associated with these operations is far less
than those presently presented with conventional aircraft operating at or below 500 AGL. In
addition, the low-altitude operations of the UAS will ensure separation between these small UAS
operations and the operations of conventional aircraft that must comply with Section 91.119.

    F. 14 C.F.R. § 91.121: Altimeter Settings
         This regulation requires each person operating an aircraft to maintain cruising altitude by

reference to an altimeter that is set "... to the elevation of the departure airport or an appropriate altimeter
setting available before departure." As the UAS may not have a barometric altimeter, but instead a GPS
altitude read out, an exemption may be needed. An equivalent level of safety will be achieved by the
operator, pursuant to following the manufacturer's manuals. Furthermore, many other petitions have
been granted allowing GPS to be used in lieu of an altimeter setting.

    G. 14 C.F.R. § 91.151(a): Fuel Requirements for Flight in VFR Conditions
         Section 91.151 (a) prohibits an individual from beginning "a flight in an airplane under VFR

conditions unless (considering wind and forecast weather conditions) there is enough fuel to fly to the
first point of intended landing, and, assuming normal cruising speed - (1) During the day, to fly after that
for at least 30 minutes; or (2) At night, to fly after that for at least 45 minutes."

         Applicant believes that an equivalent level of safety can be achieved by restricting operations to
"the intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve power
recommended by the manufacturer if greater." Exemption # 11284, at page 5.

                                                              17
    H. 14 C.F.R. § 91.405 (a); § 91.407 (a) (1); § 91.409 (a) (2); § 91.417(a) & (b): Maintenance
         Inspections

         These regulations require that an aircraft operator or owner "shall have that aircraft inspected as
prescribed in subpart E of this part and shall between required inspections, except as provided in
paragraph (c) of this section, have discrepancies repaired as prescribed in part 43 of this chapter"5 and
others shall inspect or maintain the aircraft in compliance with Part 43. Given that these sections and
Part 43 apply only to aircraft with an airworthiness certificate, these sections will not apply to the
applicant. An equivalent level of safety will be achieved because these small UAS's are very limited in
size and will carry a small payload and operate only in restricted areas for limited periods of time.
Moreover, the operator is the person most familiar with the aircraft and best suited to maintain the
aircraft in an airworthy condition to provide the equivalent level of safety. Lastly, the petitioner will
operate in accordance with the manufacturer's manuals referenced and MPTOM which will provide an
equivalent level of safety as the burdensome regulations.

X. CONCLUSION
         The operation of Intelligent Imagery, LLC using a small UAS, weighing less than 55 lbs.,

conducted under the proposed restrictions outlined above, will provide an equivalent level of safety
supporting the grant of the exemptions requested herein.

         If I can be of any assistance to further expedite this petition, please do not hesitate to contact me
at (561)222-6979 or at my email jon@jrupprechtlaw.com

         Sincerely yours,

         _____________________
         Jonathan Rupprecht, Esq.

5 14 C.F.R. § 91.405(a).

                                   18
               Rupprecht Law P. A.

                                    324 Datura Street, Suite 200 | West Palm Beach, FL 33401
                             P: (561) 222-6979 | E: jon@jrupprechtlaw.com | W: www.jrupprechtlaw.com

July 2, 2015
U. S. Department of Transportation
Docket Management System
1200 New Jersey Ave., SE,
West Building Ground Floor, Room W12-140,
Washington, DC 20590

RE: Intelligent Imagery, LLC (Docket FAA-2015-0878). MPTOM and Reasons Why Granting This
Petition Will Benefit the Public.

Dear Sir or Madam:
         Intelligent Imagery, LLC has confidentially submitted on July 2, 2015 its motion picture and TV

operating manual to 333exemptions@faa.gov.

   REASONS WHY GRANTING THIS PETITION WOULD BE IN THE PUBLIC INTEREST

         The Petitioner intends to produce picture and video content. If the petitioner does not have the
option of using the Petitioner's UA, the only other way to obtain the aerial footage is by using manned
aircraft which pose a danger to the pilot as well as individuals on the ground. There are no pilots on
board the UA and due to the small size of the UA, there is less risk posed to the public on the ground in
case of an emergency. Additionally, the UA has multiple motors, providing redundancy, while most
manned aircraft have only one engine.

         Manned airplanes and helicopters produce great amounts of noise pollution disrupting the quiet
enjoyment of private property of the public on the ground. UA are much quieter and will not disrupt the
public as much as manned aircraft; thus, the public will benefit from a reduction in noise pollution.
         In addition to the noise pollution reduction, engine or turbine powered aircraft produce exhaust
which affects the environment while the UA of the petitioner are electric and do not produce any
emission. The environment and the public are benefited by the use of UA.

         UA use batteries for power which are not as flammable and explosive as 100LL or Jet A. If there
was an emergency where the UA crashed, there is less chance of individuals being injured from an
explosion or fire. UA also use smaller propellers than manned helicopters which will cause far less
damage in the case of a crash than the "grenading" that typically happens during a manned helicopter
crash.

         Lastly, the UA will be operated at lower altitudes than manned aircraft. Thus, the public benefits
because the danger of a mid-air collision is lessened.

         If I can be of any assistance to further expedite this petition, please do not hesitate to contact me
at (561)222-6979 or at my email jon@jrupprechtlaw.com

         Sincerely yours,

         _____________________
         Jonathan Rupprecht, Esq.

                                                              2
