August 3, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12271
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­2142

Mr. Irwin Malzman
9332 Fontainbleu Drive
Las Vegas, NV 89145

Dear Mr. Malzman:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated May 22, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) for
an exemption. The petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to
conduct aerial photography and videography.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner are the Blade QX350 and Yuneec Q500.
                                                                                                                 2

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

· They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

· The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

· A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Mr. Irwin Malzman is granted an exemption from
14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c),
91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                                                 3

the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Mr. Irwin Malzman is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the Blade QX350 and
         Yuneec Q500 when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed
         operations of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this
         exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
         must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
                                                                                                            4

    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
                                                                                                            5

    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
                                                                                       6

exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial

    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
                                                                                               7

reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
    as documented in this grant of exemption.

30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
    exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
    District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
    notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
    must include at least the following:
      a. Dates and times for all flights;
      b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
          under this grant of exemption;
      c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
          the UAS;
      d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
      e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
      f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
          and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
          who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
      g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
      h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
          town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
          essential to accomplish the operation.

31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
    consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
    exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                      8

This exemption terminates on August 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
May 22, 2015

U. S. Department of Transportation
Docket Management System
1200 New Jersey Ave.,
Washington, DC 20590

RE: Exemption Request Section 333 of the FAA Reform Act and Part 11 of the Federal Aviation
Regulations

Dear Sir or Madam:

Pursuant to the Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (the "Reform Act"), Irwin
Malzman (the "applicant"), operator of an Unmanned Aircraft Systems ("UAS") seeks an exemption from the
Federal Aviation Regulations ("FARs") to allow for commercial operation for aerial still photography and video of
homes, properties and vacant land in Southern Nevada.

Applicant:
Irwin Malzman
9332 Fontainbleu Dr.
Las Vegas, NV 89145

Attachments
Blade QX350 Training Manual
Yuneec Q500 Training Manual

Regulations from which the exemption is requested:
14 CFR Part 21 subpart H
14 CFR45.23 (b)
14 CFR91.7 (a)
14 CFR91.9 (b) (2)
14 CFR91.103
14 CFR91.109
14 CFR91.119 (c)
14 CFR91.121
14 CFR91.203 (a) and (b)
14 CFR91.405 (al
14 CFR91.407 (a] (1)
14 CFR91.409 (a) (2)
14 CFR91.417 (a) and (b)

Extent of Relief I and Why

14 CFR Part 21 subpart H
The UAS to be operated carries neither pilot nor passenger and carries no explosive materials or flammable
liquids. Given the size, weight, speed and limited operating area associated with the aircraft to be utilized, I
request exception. In the restricted environment and under the conditions proposed operation will be at least as
safe, or safer, than a conventional aircraft operating with an airworthiness certificate without said restrictions.
14 CFR45.23 (b)
Due to the size of this UAS it does not have a cockpit, cabin, or pilot station on which to market certain words
or phrases. Lettering would be very difficult to place on such a small aircraft and dimensions would need to
be smaller than required minimums.

 14 CFR 91.7 (a)
As there will be no airworthiness certificate for the aircraft, should this exemption be granted, no FAA
regulatory standard will exist for determining airworthiness. Given the size of the aircraft for maintenance and
use of safety check list prior to each flight an equivalent level of safety will be provided.

14 CFR91.9 (b) (2)
Given the size and configuration, the UAS has no ability to carry a flight manual on the aircraft. There is no
room capacity, or pilot on board to adequately carry flight manual. An equivalent level of safety will be
maintained by keeping the flight manual at ground control point where the pilot will have immediate
access to it.

14 CFR91.103
As FAA approved flight manuals will not be provided for the aircraft an exemption will be needed. Normal
procedures including but not limited to; reviewing weather, flight battery requirement, landing and
takeoff distances, along will all of those found in attachment " Pilot Training". An equivalent level of safety
will be provided by preflight protocol to properly match the machine.

14 CFR 91.109
UAS and remotely piloted aircraft do not have fully functional dual controls. Flight control is achieved through
the use of a control box that communicates with the aircraft via radio communications. The equivalent level
of safety provided because neither a pilot nor passenger will be carried in the aircraft, and by the
speed and size of the aircraft.

14 CFR91.113 (a) and (b)
I can achieve an equivalent level of safety as achieved by current regulations because my UAS does not
carry a pilot or passengers. While helpful, a pilots' license will not ensure remote control piloting skills.

14 CFR91.121
The UAS may not have a barometric altimeter, but instead does have a GPS altitude read out. I believe an
exemption may be needed. An equivalent level of safety is achieve by the operator receiving live flight
data monitoring and confirming current altitude along with altitude of launch site shown on GPS
altitude indicator.

14 CFR 91.203 (a) and (b)
Similar to, 14 CFR 91.9 (b) (2), given the size and configuration, the UAS has no ability to carry certificate and
registration documents on the aircraft. An equivalent level of safety will be achieved by keeping these
documents, to the extent they are applicable to the UAS, at the ground control point where pilot has
immediate access to them.

14 CFR 91.405 (a), 14 CFR 91.407 (a) (1), 14 CFR91.409 (a) (2), 14 CFR 91.417 (a) and (b)
Given these sections only apply to aircraft with an airworthiness certificates, theses sections do not apply to this
applicant. As a safety precaution, operator will perform preflight inspections and ensure UAS is in working
condition before initiating each flight.
Irwin Malzman is seeking relief from all FARs above preventing applicant from conducting aerial photography
and video of real estate taken at levels less than 400ft, at a speed less than 30 mph, and with a maximum
flight time of less then 30 minutes,. The drone to be used is less then 15 pounds. The weight of the UAS meets
the definition of "small unmanned aircraft" found in section 331.
"The Reform Act". In order to obtain high quality photography and video the UAS will be used at speeds
much less than it's top speed of 33.5 mph. Due to the UAS being battery powered there are no combustible
fuels onboard. Maximum flight time for this particular UAS is less then 30 minutes. Flights to be terminated with
no less then 25% battery life remaining. Given the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated
with the aircraft to be utilized I find this exception to be reasonable with an equivalent or greater level of
safety to be reached by the operator.

Safety
 Please see attachment "Pilot Training Manuals" for safety precautions to be use for every flight.

Additionally:
1) Applicant is a Commercially Rate Pilot. Pilot Cert. # 1864187.
2) I will not operate within 5 miles of an airport unless prior contact to Air Traffic Control or the airport
manager has been made.
3) I will land my UAS prior to manufacturer recommended minimum level of battery power.

4) I will pilot my UAS through remote control by line of sight.

5) My UAS uses GPS and a flight safety feature whereby it returns to a preprogrammed position and then
slowly lands if communication with the remote control pilot is lost.
6) I actively analyze flight data and other sources of information to constantly update and enhance safety
protocols.
7) I conduct extensive pre-flight inspections and protocol, during which safety carries primary
importance.
8) I always obtain a ll necessary permissions prior to operation.
9) I have procedures in place to abort flights in the event of safety breaches or potential danger.

Public Interest
The use of an UAS in the real estate industry provides both buyers and sellers a higher level of service. For
a buyer a higher level of marketing and advertising is achieved appealing to more buyers, resulting in a
quicker sale of their home. Quicker home sales also helps accelerate the economy as a whole. Buyers
experience the benefit of encompassing a whole property, sometimes several acres, in one photo or a short
video. Not only does this benefit the specific home seller or home buyer, but it benefits the general
public because it is much more efficient than traditional ways of using a plane or helicopter to achieve
the same result. We can now provide this level of service while being conservative with fuel, time, emissions,
noise, and other resources. Considering size, weight, speed, and absence of combustible fuels, my UAS will
poses much less of a safety concern for the general public when compared to manned aircraft.

Thank you for your consideration,

Irwin Malzman
