July 28, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12181
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­1782

Mr. Jacob N. Anderson
1577 Lavender Lane
Traverse City, MI 49686

Dear Mr. Anderson:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter May 6, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) for an
exemption. You requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct aerial
acquisition and research.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is the DJI Phantom Vision 2.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
                                                                                                                 2

14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Mr. Jacob N. Anderson is granted an exemption from
14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c),
91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to
the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Mr. Jacob N. Anderson is hereafter referred to as the operator.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                                                 3

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom
         Vision 2 when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations
         of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
         must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
         documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
         Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
         limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
         the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
         Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
         documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
         operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
         documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
                                                                                                            4

    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
                                                                                                            5

    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.
                                                                                                               6

   23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
       any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
       PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
       These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
       official upon request.

   24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
       activities at all times.

   25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

   26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
       persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
          a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
             from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
             that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
             where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
             the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
             of nonparticipating persons; and
          b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
             for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
             the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
             present an undue hazard.

       The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
       nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

   27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
       permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
       Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
       obtained for each flight to be conducted.

   28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
       boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
       to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
       reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
       contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

   29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
       as documented in this grant of exemption.
                                                                                                                 7

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                    8

This exemption terminates on July 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,
/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
May 06, 2015

U. S. Department of Transportation Docket Management System
1200 New Jersey Ave., SE Washington, DC 20590

Re: Exemption Request Section 333 of the FAA Reform Act and Part 11 of the
Federal Aviation Regulations

Dear Sir or Madam:

Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (the
"Reform Act"), Jacob Anderson, a Professional Real Estate Agent (the
"Applicant"), planned operator of Small Unmanned Aircraft Systems ("sUAS")
seeks an exemption from Federal Aviation Regulations ("FARs") listed below and
discussed in Appendix A. Attached, as Appendix C, is a summary of this request.

The requested exemption would allow the Applicant to safely, efficiently, and
economically use commercial sUAS in the National Airspace System (NAS), so
long as such operations are conducted within and under the conditions outlined
herein or as may be established by the FAA as required by Section 333.

As described more fully below, the requested exemption would authorize the
Applicant to perform commercial operations with sUAS that will provide the

following benefits:

  1. Commercial use of sUAS to perform aerial photography brings a new and

        more informed perspective to the buyer.

  2. The use of sUAS will decrease congestion in the NAS along with reducing
        the noise and air pollution generated during traditional manned aircraft
        flight operations. 

  3. Operation of sUAS will substantially reduce the risk to life and property in
        the air, and on the ground, which is commonly associated with traditional
        manned aircraft flight operations. 

  4. Similar to the current manned aircraft flight operations that have been
        conducted for many decades, sUAS used for similar tasks will not generate
        any new privacy issues. 
Approval of this exemption would thereby enhance safety and fulfill the Secretary
of Transportation's (the FAA Administrator's) responsibilities under Section 333(c)
of the Reform Act to "establish requirements for the safe operation of such
aircraft systems in the national airspace system."

The name and address of the applicant are:

Jacob N Anderson
Ph: 231-218-5325
Email: Acservice@me.com Address: 1577 Lavender Ln, Traverse City, MI 49686

The regulations from which the exemption is requested are as follows:

14 C.F.R. Part 21;
14 C.F.R. 45.23(b);
14 C.F.R. 61.113(a) & (b); 14 C.F.R. 61.133(a);
14 C.F.R. 91.7(a);
14 C.F.R. 91.9(b)(2) & (c); 14 C.F.R. 91.103;
14 C.F.R. 91.109(a);
14 C.F.R. 91.119;

!
14 C.F.R. 91.121;
14 C.F.R. 91.151(a);
14 C.F.R. 91.203(a) & (b); 14 C.F.R. 91.405(a);
14 C.F.R. 91.407(a)(1); 14 C.F.R. 91.409(a)(2); 14 C.F.R. 91.417(a)

Appendix A discusses each rule listed above and explains why exemptions
pursuant to the proposal set forth in this letter are appropriate, provide an
equivalent level of safety, and are in the public interest.

QUALIFICATION FOR APPROVAL UNDER SECTION 333 OF THE REFORM
ACT

The proposed operations in this petition for exemption qualify for expedited
approval under Section 333 of the Reform Act. Each of the statutory criteria and
other potentially relevant factors are satisfied.

The proposed operations would permit the use of small and relatively
inexpensive UAS under controlled conditions in airspace that is: (1) limited; (2)
predetermined; (3) controlled as to access, and; (4) would provide an increased
level of safety beyond that existing when fixed or rotor wing aircraft are used to
accomplish the same purpose.
The sUAS's planned to be operated are DJI Phantom Vision 2, weighing
4 lbs. or fewer including payload. It would operate, under normal conditions, at a
speed of no more than 30 knots. The principal construction material of the sUAS
is plastic. Operations will be performed by Jacob Anderson "Pilot in
Command" (PIC), as outlined below, to insure that the sUAS will "not create a
hazard to users of the national airspace system or the public." Given the small
size of the sUAS involved and the pre-planned environment within which they will
operate, the applicant believes that these operations fall squarely within that
zone of safety (an equivalent level of safety) in which Congress envisioned that
the FAA must, by exemption, allow commercial operations of sUAS to commence
immediately. Also, due to the size of the sUAS and the pre-defined, restricted
area in which the sUAS will operate, approval of the application presents no
national security issue. The operation of sUAS by knowledgeable professionals
will serve to enhance safety, add to the public benefit, and reduce environmental
impacts related to current methods of manned aircraft flight operations.

These limitations and conditions to which the PIC agrees to be bound when
conducting commercial operations under an FAA issued exemption:

  1. Safety will be the first and foremost consideration in any sUAS operation. 

  2. Jacob Anderson has 60 hours flight time in a Cesena 172. Also holds a
        current third class medical certificate and has FAA private ground
        instruction and is in process of passing the FAA private pilot written
        examination. 

  3. The sUAS pilot will be considered Pilot in Command (PIC), whether flying
        or 
        supervising, and will be responsible for safe operation of the flight. 

  4. Flights will be operated within line of sight of the PIC and/or an observer. 

  5. The sUAS will weigh less than 4 lbs. total. 

  6. Flights will be operated in Class G airspace.
7.Flights will be operated under visibility and cloud clearance requirements
        equivalent to 

       Visual Flight Rules (VFR). 

  8. The sUAS will at all times give way to any aircraft carrying persons. 

  9. Jacob Anderson and a secondary person will be at a all flights

  10. Prior to a sUAS flight, an area of operation will be established. This area of
        operation will include a defined lateral and vertical area, where the sUAS
        will operate. Safety procedures will be established for persons, property
        and applicable airspace within the area of operation. 

  11. The sUAS shall operate from on-site takoff/landing locations directly next
        to the PIC and/or Observer. 

  12. Flight planning will include flight completion with at least 20% battery
        power remaining as measured by the sUAS or appropriate timing. 

  13. The sUAS will be equipped with an autopilot system. For example, the
        sUAS will utilize GPS navigation for stability and reliability. failsafe's,
        return-to-home (RTH), PIC will have control of the flight at all times.

features, among other built-in safety features.

  14. A Ground Station will be connected, by radio communication, to the sUAS
        during the entire 
        flight, which will give the PIC flight information such as GPS Position,
        Altitude, Battery 
        Remaining, and other telemetry information. 

  15. A briefing will be conducted in regard to the planned sUAS operations prior
        to operation 
        at each new location. All personnel who will be performing duties within the
        boundaries 
        of the area of operation will be present for this briefing. 

  16. All required permissions and permits will be obtained from appropriate
        state, 
        county or city jurisdictions, including local law enforcement, fire, or other 
        appropriate governmental agencies. 

  17. Written, to include electronic, and/or oral permission from the relevant
        property owners 
        will be obtained prior to an operation. 

  18. The sUAS pilot will be trained in advance for the safe operation of the

        sUAS to be 
        operated. This will include operation of the sUAS both in normal and
        emergency modes of operation, and will include familiarization with the
        operation manual (or similar) if published by the sUAS manufacturer.
        Training will also include types of maneuvers to be performed and the safe
        operation in relation to persons, property and applicable airspace. 

It is the applicant's belief that the size, weight, speed, operating environment, and
operating capabilities provide an "equivalent level of safety" or better when
operating a sUAS for the public interest as outlined in Section 333 of the Reform
Act. It is requested that the FAA issue an exemption to permit safe, legal,
commercial sUAS operation by the applicant as soon as possible.

Respectfully submitted,

Jacob Anderson
1577 Lavender Ln, Traverse City, MI 49686
Appendix A
EXEMPTION REQUESTS AND EQUIVALENT LEVEL OF SAFETY

The applicant requests an exemption from the following regulations as well as
any additional regulations that may technically apply to the operation of sUAS's:

14 CFR Part 21, Subpart H: Airworthiness Certificates

14 CFR § 91.203(a)(1)
Section 91.203(a)(1) requires all civil aircraft to have a certificate of
airworthiness. Part 21, Subpart H, entitled Airworthiness Certificates, establishes
the procedural requirements for the issuance of airworthiness certificates as
required by FAR § 91.203(a)(1). Given the size of the aircraft (less than 15 lbs.)
and the limited operating area associated with its utilization, it is unnecessary to
go through the certificate of airworthiness process under Part 21 Subpart H to
achieve or exceed current safety levels.

Such an exemption meets the requirements of an equivalent level of safety under
Part 11 and Section 333 of the Reform Act. The Federal Aviation Act and Section
333 of the Reform Act both authorize the FAA to exempt aircraft from the
requirement for an airworthiness certificate, upon consideration of the size,
weight, speed, operational capability, and proximity to airports and populated
areas of the sUAS involved.

In this case, an analysis of these criteria demonstrates that the sUAS operated
without an airworthiness certificate, under the conditions proposed herein, will be
at least as safe, or safer, than a conventional aircraft (fixed wing or rotorcraft)
with an airworthiness certificate. The sUAS weighs less than 15 lbs. fully loaded.
It will not carry a pilot or passenger, will not carry flammable fuel, and will operate
exclusively within an area pre-disclosed and in compliance with conditions set
forth herein. Operations under this exemption will be tightly controlled and
monitored by both the operator, pursuant to the conditions set forth above, and
by local public safety requirements. The FAA will have advance notice of all
operations through the filing of NOTAMs. Receipt of the prior permission of the
land owner, the size of the aircraft, the lack of flammable fuel, and the fact that
the aircraft is carried to the location and not flown there all establish the
equivalent level of safety. The sUAS provides at least an equivalent, and most
likely exceeds, level of safety to that of such operations being conducted with
conventional aircraft that would be orders-of-magnitude larger and would be
carrying passengers, cargo, and flammable fuel.

14 CFR. § 45.23 & 91.9(c): Marking of the Aircraft
Regulation 45.23 provides:
(a) Each operator of an aircraft must display on that aircraft marks consisting of
the Roman capital letter "N" (denoting United States registration) followed by the
registration number of the aircraft. Each suffix letter used in the marks displayed
must also be a Roman capital letter.
(b) When marks include only the Roman capital letter "N" and the registration
number is displayed on limited, restricted or light-sport category aircraft or
experimental or provisionally certificated aircraft, the operator must also display
on that aircraft near each entrance to the cabin, cockpit, or pilot station, in letters
not less than 2 inches nor more than 6 inches high, the words "limited,"
"restricted," "light-sport," "experimental," or "provisional," as applicable.

Regulation 91.9(c) provides:
No person may operate a U.S.-registered civil aircraft unless that aircraft is
identified in accordance with part 45 of this chapter.

The sUAS has no entrance to the cabin, cockpit, or pilot station on which the
markings can be placed. Given the size of the sUAS, two-inch lettering will be
impossible. Official marking systems for sUAS have not yet been established for
operations inside the NAS. The applicant is prepared to mark the sUAS with the
name of the organization and location or origin and fulfill any other request by the
FAA to this topic in accordance to § 45.29(f) where the pilot, observer, and others
working with the sUAS will see the identification of the sUAS.

The FAA has issued the following exemptions to this regulation; see Exemption
Nos. 8738, 10167, 10167A and 10700.

14 CFR § 61.113(a) & (b); 61.133(a): Private Pilot Privileges and Limitations;
Pilot in

Command; Commercial Pilot Privileges and Limitations.

Section 61.113(a) & (b) limit private pilots to non-commercial operations. Unlike a
conventional aircraft that carries a pilot, passengers, and cargo, the sUAS in this
case is remotely controlled with no passengers or property of others on board.
Section 61.133(a) requires an individual with a commercial pilot's license to be
pilot in command of an aircraft for compensation or hire. The applicant
respectfully proposes that operator requirements should take into account the
characteristics of the particular sUAS. Most sUAS autopilot's have a high degree
of pre-programmed control and various built-in technical capabilities that strictly
limit the potential for operation outside of the operating conditions set forth in the
exemption application. Hands-on experience with the sUAS are a far more
effective guarantee of flight safety than a commercial pilot certificate would be,
until the FAA Pilot Certificate requirements catch up to the sUAS technology.
The sUAS autopilots have an all-digital software platform with advanced features
previously restricted to full size unmanned aircraft. Automated features and
advanced fly-safe controls enable safe, reliable operation, as well as advanced
networking capabilities and system extensibility.

         The system can autonomously fly a programmed flight path or fly in
        manual mode 

         Flight time and battery minutes are displayed at all times. The system
        will return 
        home and land automatically if user-configurable limits are reached. 
        Flight safety is a priority, no matter the operating environment or project.
        sUAS offer superior safety over manned aircraft by removing the need for
        people to be onboard in potentially dangerous situations. With multiple
        built-in safety features, sUAS platforms lead manned operations with
        respect to safety. 

         The sUAS automatically detects potential issues - with configurable
        automated response behavior such as a return-home-and-land routine 

         The sUAS self-calibrate all of their sensors and perform required failsafe
        pre-flight tests prior to takeoff to check for errors 

         The sUAS have the ability to set up visual no-fly zones or create a
        virtual fence so the sUAS can't fly horizontally or vertically beyond the pre-
        planned flight area 

         The sUAS have battery minutes and flight time displayed at all times.
        The system will return home and land automatically if user-configurable
        limits are reached 

         The sUAS auto detect a lost GPS, warns the pilot and initiates an
        immediate landing. 

         Low battery on the sUAS triggers a Non-Fatal Warning alarm to return
        home, land 
        and replace the battery 
         If sUAS detect a lost-link to the Ground Station the vehicle will perform
        its pre-defined 
        Non-Fatal Condition Response. 

Given these safety features, the applicant proposes that operators of s U A S w i t
h t h e s e features should not be required to hold a commercial or private pilot
certification. Instead,

operators should be required to:

         have successfully completed, at a minimum, FAA private pilot ground
        instruction and 
        passed the FAA Private Pilot written examination or FAA-recognized
        equivalents including ICAO issued commercial, private license and ground
        school; operators will therefore receive instruction in aeronautical
        navigation, meteorology, and aviation regulations prior to conducting
        commercial sUAS operations. 

         have completed a training program for operation of the sUAS, if
        available. 

         have completed 15 hours (or 150 flights) of training on the sUAS and/or
        simulator before 
        commencing commercial operations. 
        The applicant notes that the FAA has found that safety factors permitted
        operation of sUASs by operators with these qualifications in the case of
        operations pursuant to public COAs where the mandatory operating
        conditions specified above are present. See Federal Aviation
        Administration, Notice N-8900.227, Unmanned Aircraft Systems (UAS)
        Operational Approval, at 20-21 (July 30, 2013). The FAA has the statutory
        authority, granted at 49 U.S.C.§44701(f) to waive the pilot requirements for
        commercial operations. 
        Given these conditions and restrictions, an equivalent level of safety will be
        provided by allowing operation of the sUAS without a private pilot's
        certificate or a commercial pilot's certificate, under the conditions set forth
        herein. 
        The risks associated with the operation of the sUAS (given its size, speed,
        operational capabilities, and lack of combustible fuel) are so diminished
        from the level of risk associated with private pilot operations or commercial
        operations contemplated by Part 61 with conventional aircraft (fixed wing
        or rotorcraft), that allowing operations of the sUAS as set forth above
        meets or exceeds the present level of safety provided under 14 C.F.R. §
        61.113(a) & (b) and does not rise to the level of requiring a commercial
        pilot to operate the aircraft under § 61.133(a). 
        14 CFR § 91.7(a): Civil aircraft airworthiness. 
        This regulation requires that no person may operate a civil aircraft unless it
        is in airworthy condition. Should the exemption be granted allowing
        commercial operation of sUAS without an airworthiness certificate, no
        standard will exist for airworthiness of the sUAS. Given the size of the
        sUAS and the previous COAs issued for similar sUAS, an equivalent level
        of safety will be achieved by ensuring compliance with the given sUAS
        manuals and use of safety checklists prior to each flight. 
        14 CFR § 91.9(b)(2): Civil Aircraft Flight Manual in the Aircraft. 
        The regulation provides:
        No person may operate a U.S.-registered civil aircraft ... 
        (2) For which an Airplane or Rotorcraft Flight Manual is not required by
        §21.5 of this chapter, unless there is available in the aircraft a current
        approved airplane or Rotorcraft Flight Manual, approved manual material,
        markings, and placards, or any combination thereof. 
        Given the size of sUAS, they have no ability or place to carry such a flight
        manual on the aircraft, not only because there is no pilot on board, but
        because there is no room or capacity to carry such an item on the aircraft. 
        The equivalent level of safety will be achieved by keeping the flight manual
        at the ground control point where the pilot flying the sUAS will have
        immediate access to it. The FAA has issued to others the following
        exemptions to this regulation: Exemption Nos. 8607, 8737, 8738, 9299,
        9299A, 9565, 9565B, 10167, 10167A, 10602, 32827, and 10700. 

14 CFR § 91.103: Preflight action

This regulation requires each pilot in command to take certain actions before
flight to insure the safety of flight. As FAA approved rotorcraft flight manuals will
not be provided for the aircraft an exemption will be needed. An equivalent level
of safety will be provided by following a comprehensive preflight checklist. The
PIC will take all actions including reviewing weather, flight battery requirements,
landing and takeoff distances and aircraft performance data before initiation of
flight.

14 CFR § 91.109(a) & 91.319(a)(1): Flight Instruction

These regulations provide that no person may operate a civil aircraft (except a
manned free balloon) that is being used for flight instruction unless that aircraft
has fully functioning dual controls.
The sUAS are remotely piloted aircraft and by design, do not have fully functional
dual controls. Flight control is accomplished through the use of a control box that
communicates with the aircraft via radio communications. The flight plan is either
manually controlled through point- and-click navigation or preprogrammed as
way points into the auto pilot before or during flight and only in unusual
circumstances will the pilot input control functions to alter the pre-programmed
flight. Given the size and speed of the sUAS, an equivalent level of safe training
can still be performed without dual controls because no pilot or passengers are
aboard the sUAS, and all persons will be a safe distance away should the sUAS
experience any difficulties during flight instruction. The FAA has approved
exemptions for flight training without fully functional dual controls for a number of
aircraft and for flight instruction in experimental aircraft. See Exemption Nos.
5778K & 9862A.

14 CFR § 91.119: Minimum Safe Altitudes

Section 91.119 establishes safe altitudes for operation of civil aircraft.
Specifically, 91.119(c) limits aircraft flying over areas other than congested areas
to an altitude of 500 feet above the surface, except over open water or sparsely
populated areas. In those cases, the aircraft may not be operated closer than
500 feet to any person, vessel, vehicle, or structure.

Because aerial survey, mapping and inspection work must be accomplished at
relatively low altitudes and at altitudes less than 500 feet AGL, an exemption
from Section 91.119(c) is needed.

The equivalent level of safety will be achieved given the size, weight, speed, and
material with which sUAS are built. Also, no flight will be taken without the
permission of the land owner or those who control the land. Because of the
advance notice to the landowner, all affected individuals will be aware o f t h e f l i
g h t s . Compared to aerial survey operations conducted with aircraft or rotorcraft
weighing far more than 15 lbs. and carrying flammable fuel, any risk associated
with these operations will be far less than those currently allowed with
conventional aircraft operating at or below 500 feet AGL. Indeed, the low-altitude
operations of the sUAS will maintain separation between these sUAS operations
and the operations of conventional aircraft that must comply with Section 91.119.

14 CFR § 91.121: Altimeter Settings

Section 91.121 requires a person operating an aircraft to maintain cruising
altitude or flight level by reference to an altimeter that is set to the elevation of the
departure airport or barometric pressure. Some sUAS have a barometric
pressure sensor, while others only use GPS for elevation or altitude. When a
barometric pressure sensor is on the sUAS, it is typically "zeroed" at the point of
take-off; this is right next to the PIC and not at a departure airport. The altitude
reading will be relative to that point and not a known elevation.

The equivalent level of safety will be achieved by the PIC confirming the
elevation or altitude of

the launch site. The altitude of the sUAS will also be displayed via telemetry on
the Ground Station and will be constantly monitored by the PIC during the entire
flight operation.

14 CFR § 91.151(a): Fuel Requirements for Flight in VFR Conditions

This regulation prohibits an individual from beginning "a flight in an airplane
under VFR conditions unless (considering wind and forecast weather conditions)
there is enough fuel to fly to the first point of intended landing and, assuming
normal cruising speed ­ (1) During the day, to fly after that for at least 30
minutes; or (2) At night, to fly after that for at least 45 minutes."

The different sUAS batteries provide a variety of powered flight times. An
exemption from § 14 CFR 91.151 is therefore required.

The applicant believes that an exemption from 14 CFR § 91.151(a) is safe and
within the scope of a prior exemption. See Exemption 10673 (allowing Lockheed
Martin Corporation to operate without compliance with 91.151(a)). Operating the
sUAS, without 30 minutes of reserve fuel does not engender the type of risks that
Section 91.151(a) was meant to prevent given the size and speed at which the
sUAS operates. The fact that it carries no pilot, passenger, or cargo also
enhances its safety. In the unlikely event that the sUAS should run out of fuel, it
would simply land. Given its weight and construction material, the risks are less
than contemplated by the current regulation.

The applicant believes that an equivalent level of safety can be achieved by
maintaining 20% of reserve fuel (or battery), which would be more than adequate
to return the sUAS to its planned landing zone from anywhere in its operating
area.

The FAA has granted similar exemptions to others, including Exemptions 2689F,
5745, 10673 and 10808.

14 CFR § 91.203 (a) & (b): Carrying Civil Aircraft Certification and
Registration

This regulation provides as follows:
(a) ... no person may operate a civil aircraft unless it has ... an appropriate and
current airworthiness certificate.
(b) No person may operate a civil aircraft unless the airworthiness certificate
required by paragraph (a) of this section or a special flight authorization issued
under §91.715 is displayed at the cabin or cockpit entrance so that it is legible to
passengers or crew.

The sUAS fully loaded weigh less than 15 lbs. As such, there is no ability or place
to carry certification and registration documents or to display them on the sUAS.
In addition, there is no pilot on board the aircraft.

An equivalent level of safety will be achieved by keeping these documents at the
ground control point where the pilot flying the sUAS will have immediate access
to them. The FAA has issued numerous exemptions to this regulation. A
representative sample of other exceptions includes Exemption Nos. 9565, 9665,
9789, 9789A, 9797, 9797A, 9816A, and 10700.

14 CFR § 91.405(a); 407(a)(1); 409(a)(2); 417(a): Maintenance Inspections

Section 91.405(a) requires that an aircraft operator or owner "shall have that
aircraft inspected as prescribed in subpart E of this part and shall between
required inspections, except as provided in paragraph (c) of this section, have
discrepancies repaired as prescribed in part 43 of this chapter ..." Section 91.407
similarly makes reference to requirements in Part 43; Section 91.409(a)(2)
requires an annual inspection for the issuance of an air worthiness

certificate. Section 91.417(a) requires the owner or operator to keep records
showing certain maintenance work that has been accomplished by certificated
mechanics, under Part 43, or licensed pilots and records of approval of the
aircraft for return to service.

The sUAS are nearly maintenance free, they perform automatic pre-flight checks
and the failure of any check will prevent take-off. Checks which cannot be done
by the system will be performed by a qualified person prior to each flight and at
predefined intervals as part of a maintenance schedule.

Pre-flight checklist includes:
1.Visual inspection of the airframe
2.Visual inspections of rotor integrity
3.Check charge of all batteries (aerial vehicle, command station, radio repeater
station)

An equivalent level of safety will be achieved because the sUAS is small in size,
will carry no external payload, will operate only in restricted predetermined areas
and is not a complex mechanical devise. The operator of aUAS will ensure that it
is in working order prior to initiating flight, perform required maintenance, and
keep a log of any maintenance that is performed. Moreover, the operator is the
person most familiar with the aircraft and is best suited to maintain the aircraft in
an airworthy condition and to ensure an equivalent level of safety.

If mechanical issues arise, the UAS can land immediately due to the pre-
determined area of operation. Moreover, the UAS's small size, carrying capacity,
and the fact that flight operations will only take place in restricted areas for limited
periods of time, create less risk than the same factors associated with
conventional fixed-wing aircraft and rotorcraft performing the same operation.

APPENDIX C
SUMMARY OF SECTION 333 EXEMPTION REQUEST

Steven Zeets, a Professional Land Surveyor, hereby provides pursuant to Part 11
a summary of its exemption application to allow commercial operation of sUAS
for aerial acquisition and research in support of government entities, agriculture
industry, utility companies, local infrastructure, scientific studies, wildlife
monitoring, mining, surveying, forestry, and much more. All of which are critical to
the well-being of the general public. An exemption is requested from the following
regulations:

14 C.F.R. Part 21;
14 C.F.R. 45.23(b);
14 C.F.R. 61.113(a) & (b); 14 C.F.R. 61.133(a);
14 C.F.R. 91.7(a);
14 C.F.R. 91.9(b)(2) & (c); 14 C.F.R. 91.103;
14 C.F.R. 91.109(a);
14 C.F.R. 91.119;
14 C.F.R. 91.121;
14 C.F.R. 91.151(a);
14 C.F.R. 91.203(a) & (b); 14 C.F.R. 91.405(a);
14 C.F.R. 91.407(a)(1); 14 C.F.R. 91.409(a)(2); 14 C.F.R. 91.417(a).
