June 26, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 11925
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015-1347

James Michael Hourihan
70 Fern Hollow Road
Bridgewater, MA 02324

Dear Mr. Hourihan:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated April 20, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) for
an exemption. You requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct
EMS/fire emergency support, police operation support and missing persons support.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner are the DJI Phantom 2 Vision, DJI Phantom 3 and DJI
S1000.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
                                                                                                                 2

meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, James Michael Hourihan is granted an exemption from
14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c),
91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to
the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, James Michael Hourihan is hereafter referred to as the operator.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                                                 3

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom 2
         Vision, DJI Phantom 3 and DJI S1000 when weighing less than 55 pounds including
         payload. Proposed operations of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a
         petition to amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
         must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
         documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
         Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
         limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
         the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
         Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
         documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
                                                                                                            4

    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
                                                                                                            5

    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.
                                                                                                               6

   23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
       any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
       PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
       These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
       official upon request.

   24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
       activities at all times.

   25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

   26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
       persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
          a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
             from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
             that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
             where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
             the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
             of nonparticipating persons; and
          b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
             for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
             the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
             present an undue hazard.

       The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
       nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

   27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
       permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
       Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
       obtained for each flight to be conducted.

   28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
       boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
       to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
       reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
       contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

   29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
       as documented in this grant of exemption.
                                                                                                                 7

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                    8

This exemption terminates on June 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,
/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
    Exemption Request under Section 333 of the FAA Reform Act and Part 11 of the Federal 
                            Aviation Regulations from certain parts of the FARs.  
                                              James Michael Hourihan  
                                                     April 20, 2015 
                                                                
                                                                

Name / Address of Petitioner: 

James Michael Hourihan 

70 Fern Hollow Rd  

Bridgewater, MA 02324 

Telephone Number of Petitioner: 617.838.6453 

Email: mike.hourihan@bostonmedflight.org 

 

 

Regulations from which the exemption is requested:  

14 CFR Part 21           14 C.F.R. § 91.7 (a)         14 CFR § 91.9 (b) (2) 

14 C.F.R. § 45.23(b)     14 C.F.R. § 91.103           14 CFR § 61.3  

14 C.F.R. § 91.109       14 C.F. R. § 91.119          14 C.F.R. § 91.121 

14 CFR § 91.151 (a)      14 CFR § 91.203 (a) & (b)  14 CFR § 91.205(b)  

14 CFR § 91.215          14 CFR § 91.405 (a)          14 CFR § 407 (a) (1) 

14 CFR § 409 (a) (2)     14 CFR § 417 (a) & (b) 3  

 

Appendix A describes the FARs from which an exemption is requested and summarizes the 

justification for each requested exemption.  

 

This Petition is submitted to fulfill Congress' goal under Section 333(a) through (c) of the 

Reform Act, which directs the Secretary of Transportation to consider whether certain 

unmanned aircraft systems may operate safely in the national airspace system (NAS) before 

completion of the rulemaking required under Section 332 of the Reform Act. In making this 

determination, the Administrator must determine which types of UASs do not create a hazard 

to users of the NAS or the public or pose a threat to national security in light of the following:  

 

· The UAS's size, weight, speed, and operational capability  

· Operation of the UAS in close proximity to airports and populated areas and  

· Operation of the UAS within visual line of sight of the operator.  

 

Reform Act § 333 (a).  

 

If the Administrator determines that such vehicles "may operate safely in the national airspace 

system, the Secretary shall establish requirements for the safe operation of such aircraft in 

the national airspace system." Id. § 333(c).  

 

The Secretary has delegated his aviation authority to the Administrator of the FAA.  

 

 

 

                                                                                                1 
                                                                

The Federal Aviation Act expressly grants the FAA the authority to grant exemptions from its 
regulatory requirements for civil aircraft, a term defined under §40101 of the Act, which 
includes sUASs. The Administrator may grant an exemption from a requirement of a 
regulation prescribed under subsection (a) or (b) of this section or any sections 4470244716 
of the Federal Aviation Act if Administrator finds the exemption in the public interest. 49 
U.S.C. § 44701(f) See also 49 USC § 44711(a) 49 USC § 44704 14 CFR §91.203 (a) (1).  
 
Petitioner Background:  
The Petitioner has served proudly as a Flight Paramedic for Boston MedFlight for the past six 
years to the present day.  Boston MedFlight operates several EC145, Sikorsky S76 C++ 
helicopters and a Cessna Citation jet.  As a Flight Medic, the Petitioner routinely functions as 
a clinician and as an aid to the PIC with radio communications, GPS navigation and 
seeandavoid operations.  After completing hundreds of emergency rotor and fixed wing 
missions in the NAS, his respect for aviation safety and the need for careful, regulated sUAS 
integration into the NAS is unmatched.   
 
The Petitioner has also been a model helicopter, fixed wing and multirotor hobbyist for eight 
years and has been a member of the American Aeromodellers Association (AMA).   
 
After a thirteen year career in EMS / SAR / Aeromedical operations in New England, the 
Petitioner is in a unique position to not only safely utilize sUAS technology in the NAS, but to 
serve as a leader to other sUAS operators.  If permission is granted, the Petitioner will serve 
numerous Local, State and Federal entities.  The professional relationships he's cultivated 
with the Massachusetts State Police, USCG and endless Fire and Police departments would 
serve as a conduit to safe sUAS implementation into the local airspace.  His significant 
onscene emergency aeromedical experience with full scale helicopters will serve as the 
backbone for safe, efficient sUAS operations in numerous roles.  His business model in place 
would include but is not limited to EMS / Fire emergency support, Police operation support 
and missing persons support.   
 
At no time will he operate outside the clearly outlined sUAS guidelines published by the FAA. 
For example, never >400'AGL, within five miles of an airport or beyond VLOS.   
 
Petitioner also notes and has read the congressional mandate in sections 332 and 333 of the 
FAA Revitalization and Reform Act of 2012 that the FAA move quickly to accommodate the 
economic and societal benefits that can result from widespread deployment of sUAS 
technology. Accordingly, Petitioner applies for authorization under the Federal Aviation Act 
and the FARs to undertake the aforementioned activities for commercial purposes. If  the 
Petition is granted, Petitioner will be at a significant competitive advantage if it, as it prefers, 
complies with FAA policy.  
 
 

                                                                                                                            2 
                                                                                                                               
                                                                                                                               
                                                                                                                               
                                                                                                                               
                                                                

Vehicle(s): 
The Petitioner will fly one or more DJI Phantom 3s, DJI Phantom 2 Visions, DJI S1000s 
equipped with a threeaxis camera gimbal. OE / IR / Thermal imagers may be fielded for 
better data acquisition as needed. 
 
These vehicles have the built in capability to limit the height they fly above the ground, to limit 
the radius of the distance they fly from the operator, and to exclude them from class B, C, and 
D airspace as well any TFR's (Temporary Flight Restricted) areas. The vehicles also have the 
builtin capability to return to the launching point if the wireless control link is interrupted or if 
the operator attempts to exceed any of the height, radius, or airspace limitations programmed 
into them. The vehicle weighs about five pounds and has a maximum gross weight of 
approximately twenty pounds. It has a top speed of about 30 knots. It has four fixedpitch 
rotors, thrust from which is varied by changing RPM. It is powered by a lithium polymer smart 
battery. 
 
Flight profiles: 
 The petitioner will program the Phantoms or S1000 so that they will not fly more than 400 feet 
above ground level, or more than 1500 feet away from its operator. The PIC (Person in 
Control) will carefully preflight the vehicle before each mission to assure that its compass and 
GPS system are properly calibrated and that the returntohome feature, altitude, and radius 
limitations work.  
 
They will not operate in controlled airspace. In the unlikely event that a manned aircraft flies 
below 400 feet AGL where the Petitioner is operating its Phantom, the operator will keep both 
the vehicle and manned aircraft in sight and avoid the manned aircraft.  
 
More particularly, the Petitioner will fly the Phantoms or S1000 only over the hazard areas 
that are in control of an onscene Incident Commander, most likely being a Fire Chief, SAR 
rep or Police rep, etc.  
 
The Petitioner will not conduct flight operations of any kind without a minimum of three 
dedicated personal.  A PIC, SIC and observer will be present and functioning as a cohesive 
flight team for each mission.   
 
Public interest Granting the petition would be in the public interest because:  
1. The Congress of the United States has determined that early accommodation of sUAS into 
the National Airspace System advances the public interest. The Committee Report leading 
the House to adopt H.R. 658 said: "The successful integration of unmanned aircraft systems 
(UAS) into the National Airspace System (NAS) can support more than 23,000 highpaying 
jobs in the United States. . . . The absence of a plan to integrate UASs into the NAS is a 
barrier to such job creation . . . ."1 Granting the Petition represents a step toward such 

                                                                                                                            3 
                                                                                                                               
                                                                                                                               
                                                                                                                               
                                                                                                                               
                                                                

integration, in the absence of a comprehensive regulatory regime for sUAS, and thus would 
serve the Congressional goal and the public interest.  
 
2. Granting the Petition will facilitate a new era in Emergency Response activities, one in 
which the responders themselves have a tool to safely, quickly and remotely assess a 
situation without placing lives in harm's way. In comparison, the EOD robots have saved 
countless lives since their inception, a feat that will become common place for aerial 
assessments.  
 
3. Granting the Petition will enable Petitioner to demonstrate the commercial viability of 
creating new safety techniques and tactics with new aeronautical technology, thereby 
improving the efficiency of Emergency Responders around the world and making for a safer 
society. The rules from which Petitioner seeks exemption artificially and irrationally limit the 
effective use of new technologies to expand Emergency Response safety and improve the 
efficiency of markets, thereby subverting the public interest.  
______________________________________ 

1. H. R. Rep. 11229 on H.R. 658, 112th Cong., 1st Sess. at 116. The HouseSenate Conference Committee on the 
FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 recommended amendments to H.R. 658 in lieu of amendments adopted 
by the Senate. Conference Report to Accompany H.R. 658, H.R. Rep. 112381, 112th Cong., 2d Sess., at p. 1 (Feb. 
1, 2012).  

 
4. Granting this Petition will enable the Petitioner to help demonstrate that the FAAs sUAS 
FARs are indeed a safe and effective means in which to govern the NAS.  He will serve as an 
advocate for the practice of lawful sUAS operations. 
 
5. Granting the Petition will fulfill the FAA's own declaration that encouraging new aviation 
technologies advances the public interest. The FAA itself has recognized the public interest in 
its role of "Encouraging and developing civil aeronautics, including new aviation technology."2 
Granting the Petition will enhance FAA fulfillment of that commitment, thereby serving the 
public interest. Air commerce flourishes in the United States because of the rapid pace of 
innovation in aeronautical and associated technologies, followed by their commercialization 
and their introduction into the marketplace. The drone technology that the Petitioner uses 
exemplifies the latest innovative leap forward in aeronautical technology. Preventing it from 
using this in air commerce subverts achievement of the goal.  
 
6. Granting the Petition will fulfill the Congressional determination that integrating sUAS 
technology into the NAS serves the public interest. Section 330 of the FAA Modernization and 
Reform Act of 2012, specifically recognizes the advantages to air commerce obtainable from 
the deployment of sUAS technologies. It mandated several steps by the FAA to accelerate the 
availability of these technologies in the National Airspace System, thereby representing a 
congressional determination that the public interest is served by making these technologies 
more widely available at the earliest practicable date. The Petition represents a way for the 

                                                                                                                            4 
                                                                                                                               
                                                                                                                               
                                                                                                                               
                                                                                                                               
                             

FAA to move incrementally, while still satisfying its congressional mandate and meeting its 
obligation to enhance the public interest by making new technologies available by allowing the 
use of sUAS technologies in a manner that protects the public and the rest of the aviation 
community from significant risk.  
 
The commercial activities by Petitioner proposed in the Petition represent contributions to new 
forms of air commerce, thereby fulfilling the FAA's statutory mandate under the 2012 Act.  
 
7. Granting the Petition will enhance aviation safety, thereby advancing the public interest. 
The Petitioner has committed itself in the Petition to safety practices that reduce or eliminate 
hazards to aircraft in the National Airspace System and to persons and property on the 
ground. Many others are flying sUAS without regard to these hazards. Granting the Petition 
will offer the Petitioner up as an example of how the FAA is willing to accommodate the new 
technology when it is constrained by appropriate limitations to enhance safety. It will also 
allow the Petitioner to be a role model for safe commercial sUAS operations.  
 
Users of the National Airspace System are confronted by mushrooming threats from sUAS 
flown in defiance of the FAA's ban. Unless the FAA shows some flexibility to accommodate 
lawful and safe operation of sUAS for legitimate commercial purposes, the level of defiance 
will increase, intensifying the hazards to manned aircraft and to persons and property on the 
ground.  
 
Exemption Request under Section 333 of the FAA Reform Act and Part 11 of the Federal 
Aviation Regulations from certain parts of the FARs.  
 
 
 
 
 
Thank you very kindly for exemption consideration.   
 
 
Sincerely 

                          

James Michael Hourihan 
 
 
 
 

                               5 
                                 
                                 
                                 
                                 
                           

                                                        JUSTIFICATION 
                                              
                                                        Insufficient space on vehicle  
                                    APPENDIX A 
                          SUBJECT                       Designed for manned 
                          Requirement to display        aircraft not suitable for 
                          registration number on        offtheshelf sUAS 
                          vehicle                        
                          Aircraft certification 
                          requirements and              Part 61 requirements 
                          procedures                    designed for manned 
                                                        aircraft, not sUAS petition 
 FAR                      Requirement for pilot         describes training for sUAS 
 14 CFR § 45.23(b)        certificate                   operator  
                                                         
 14 CFR Part 21           Airworthiness requirement 
                                                        Designed for manned 
 14 CFR § 61.3            Requirement for manual to     aircraft not suitable for 
                          be available in the cockpit   offtheshelf sUAS 
 14 CFR § 91.7 (a)                                       
                          Requirement for crew 
 14 CFR § 91.9 (b) (2)    members to be onboard          No one aboard to read 
                                                        manual 
 14 CFR § 91.103(b)                                      

                                                        Unmanned vehicle  
                                                         

                                                        6 
                                                          
                                                          
                                                          
                                                          
                                         

14 CFR § 91.109               Requirement for dual          No one aboard to operate 
                              controls during flight       controls  
                              instruction                   

14 CFR § 91.119               Minimum altitudes for safe   Safety requires operation 
                              flight                       below these altitudes 
                                                            

14 CFR § 91.121                Altimeter settings          No one aboard to read 
                                                           altimeter 

14 CFR § 91.151(a)            Fuel requirements            Vehicle does not use fuel  
                                                            

14 CFR § 91.203 (a) & (b)     Requirement for registration  No one aboard to read 

                              and airworthiness            certificates 

                              certificates to be onboard 

14 CFR § 91.205(b)  aboard    Cockpit instruments          No one to read   

FAR                           SUBJECT                      JUSTIFICATION 

14 CFR § 45.23(b)             Requirement to display       Insufficient space on vehicle  
                              registration number on        
                              vehicle 

14 CFR Part 21                 Aircraft certification       Designed for manned 
                              requirements and             aircraft not suitable for 
                              procedures                   offtheshelf sUAS 
                                                            

14 CFR § 61.3                 Requirement for pilot        Part 61 requirements 
                              certificate                  designed for manned 
                                                           aircraft, not sUAS petition 
                                                           describes training for sUAS 
                                                           operator  
                                                            

14 CFR § 91.7 (a)             Airworthiness requirement     Designed for manned 
                                                           aircraft not suitable for 
                                                           offtheshelf sUAS 
                                                            

14 CFR § 91.9 (b) (2)         Requirement for manual to  No one aboard to read 
                              be available in the cockpit  manual  

14 CFR § 91.103(b)            Requirement for crew         Unmanned vehicle 
                              members to be onboard  

                                                                                         7 
                                                                                           
                                                                                           
                                                                                           
                                                                                           
                                

 14 CFR § 91.109               Requirement for dual         No one aboard to operate 
                               controls during flight       controls 
 14 CFR § 91.119               instruction 

 14 CFR § 91.121               Minimum altitudes for safe   Safety requires operation 
 14 CFR § 91.151(a)            flight                       below these altitudes  
 14 CFR § 91.203 (a) & (b)                                   

                                Altimeter settings           No one aboard to read 
                                                            altimeter  

                               Fuel requirements            Vehicle does not use fuel  
                                                             

                               Requirement for registration  No one aboard to read 

                               and airworthiness            certificates  

                               certificates to be onboard   

                                                                                         8 
                                                                                           
                                                                                           
                                                                                           
                                                                                           
