June 2, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 11736
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­0855

Mr. Jaime Melgar
1031 19th Street, SW
Naples, FL 34117

Dear Mr. Melgar:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated March 26, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA)
for an exemption. The petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to
conduct aerial videography and cinematography.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a DJI Phantom.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
                                                                                                                 2

aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21 and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Mr. Jaime Melgar is granted an exemption from
14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c),
91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to
the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Mr. Jaime Melgar is hereafter referred to as the operator.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                                                 3

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom when
         weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any other
         aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
         must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
         documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
         Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
         limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
         the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
         Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
         documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
         operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
                                                                                                            4

    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
                                                                                                            5

    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.
                                                                                                               6

   23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
       any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
       PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
       These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
       official upon request.

   24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
       activities at all times.

   25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

   26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
       persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
          a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
             from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
             that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
             where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
             the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
             of nonparticipating persons; and
          b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
             for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
             the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
             present an undue hazard.

       The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
       nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

   27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
       permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
       Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
       obtained for each flight to be conducted.

   28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
       boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
       to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
       reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
       contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

   29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
       as documented in this grant of exemption.
                                                                                                                 7

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.

This exemption terminates on May 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
Jaime Melgar, Realtor®, Naples FL - Section 333 Exemption Petition

March 26, 2015

U. S. Department of Transportation
Docket Management System
1200 New Jersey Ave, SE
Washington, DC 20590

Re: Exemption Request Section 333 of the FAA Reform Act of the Federal Aviation Regulations from 14

C.F.R. 45.23(b); 14 C.F.R. Part 21; 14 C.F.R. 61.113(a)&(b); 91.7(a); 91.9(b) (2); 91.103(b); 91.109;
119.121; 91.151(a); 91.203(a)&(b); 91.405(a); 91.407(a) (1); 91.409(a) (2); 91.417(a)&(b)

Dear Sir or Madam,

I, Jaime Melgar, am writing pursuant to the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012
and the procedures contained within 14 C.F.R. 11, to request that I, Jaime Melgar, an
owner and operator of small unmanned aircraft, be exempted from the Federal Aviation
Regulations ("FARs") listed below so that I, Jaime Melgar, may operate my small ultra
light weight unmanned aircraft system ("UAS") commercially in airspace regulated by
the Federal Aviation Administration ("FAA").

As described herein I, Jaime Melgar, am a licensed Realtor within the State of Florida;
experienced in flying hobby helicopters for recreational purposes. I have added a hobby
grade quad-copter1 UAS to my inventory equipped with a GoPro4+ Black camera with
intent for aerial videography/cinematography to enhance academic community
awareness for those individuals and companies unfamiliar with the geographical layout
of the SW Florida and South Florida area, and augment real estate listing videos;
following exemption and approval by the FAA. Thereby enhancing their academic
research experience for the SW Florida and South Florida area.

I have flown small RC electric helicopters for over ten (10) years without incident.
Committed to safety with each flight. My, Jaime Melgar's, exemption request would
permit operation of ultra light weight, unmanned (piloted by remote control) and
comparatively inexpensive UAS(s) in tightly controlled and limited airspace.2
Predetermined in areas away from general public, airports, heliports and vehicular traffic
for community videos, and within property boundaries for individual homeowner real
estate listing videos/photos. Currently, similar lightweight, remote controlled UAS's are
legally operated by unmonitored amateur hobbyists with no safety plan or controls in
place to prevent catastrophe. I, Jaime Melgar, will continue to strictly comply with safety

1  Appendix  A  ­ Phantom quad-copter   Operator Manual
2  Appendix  B  - SW Florida and South  Florida area maps

                                                           Jaime Melgar, Realtor®, Naples FL - Section 333 Exemption Petition
Jaime Melgar, Realtor®, Naples FL - Section 333 Exemption Petition

and maintenance procedures included in all applicable UAS manufacturer's instructions
and operating manuals to avoid and prevent public hazard, as well as manned aircraft
hazards/catastrophe. This will act to further safety protocols exclusive to lightweight
UAS's specific to real estate video and photography usage as I, Jaime Melgar, record
flight data and other information gained through permitted flight operations to share with
the FAA through any required FAA reports to assist with future protocol and safety
regulation.

Granting my, Jaime Melgar's, request comports with the Secretary of Transportation's
(FAA Administrator's) responsibilities and authority to not only integrate UAS's into the
national airspace system, but to "...establish requirements for the safe operation of such
aircraft systems [UAS's] in the national airspace system" under Section 333(c) of the
Reform Act specific to the use of UAS's for real estate/Realtor purposes. Further I,
Jaime Melgar, will conduct my operations in compliance with the protocols described
herein or as otherwise established by the FAA.

For the reasons stated below I, Jaime Melgar, respectfully request the grant of an
exemption allowing me to operate ultra light weight, remote controlled UAS's for
academic community awareness to benefit/stimulate attraction to the SW Florida and
South Florida area and to enhance real estate listing videos for homeowners who
cannot afford expensive manned aircraft for the same purpose. Both of which will
promote local economic growth through increased employment and increased tax base.
Both with public safety in mind by keeping heavier manned aircraft containing
combustible fuel that that poses potential public hazard.

I. Contact Information:

          Jaime Melgar, Realtor®
          1031 19th ST SW
          Naples, FL 34117

II. The Specific Sections of Title 14 of the Code of Federal Regulations From
Which Jaime Melgar Requests Exemption are:

          14 CFR 21;
          14 C.F.R. 45.23(b);
          14 CFR 61.113 (a) & (b);
          14 C.F.R. 91, et seq.;
          14 CFR 407 (a) (1);
          14 CFR 409 (a) (2); and,
          14 CFR 417 (a) & (b).

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Jaime Melgar, Realtor®, Naples FL - Section 333 Exemption Petition
Jaime Melgar, Realtor®, Naples FL - Section 333 Exemption Petition

III. The Extent of relief Jaime Melgar seeks and the Reason He Seeks Such Relief:

I, Jaime Melgar, submit this application in accordance with the Reform Act, 112 P.L. 95
§§ 331-334, seeking relief from any currently applicable FARs operating to prevent me,
Jaime Melgar, contemplated commercial cinematic, academic and other flight
operations within the national airspace system. The Reform Act in Section 332 provides
for such integration of civil unmanned aircraft systems into our national airspace system
as it is in the public's interest to do so. My, Jaime Melgar's, ultra light weight UAS meets
the definition of "small unmanned aircraft" as defined in Section 331 and therefore the
integration of my ultra light weight UAS is expressly contemplated by the Reform Act. I
would like to operate my ultra light weight UAS prior to the time period by which the
Reform Act requires the FAA to promulgate rules governing such craft. Thereby,
providing direct experience and valuable information for formal regulation that can be
administered uniformly to all real estate related UAS aerial video and photography. The
Reform Act guides the Secretary in determining the types of UAS's that may operate
safely in our national airspace system. Considerations include: The weight, size, speed
and overall capabilities of the UAS's; Whether the UAS will be operated near airports or
heavily populated areas; and, Whether the UAS will be operated by line of sight. 112
P.L. 95 § 333 (a). Each of these items reflect in favor of an exemption for me, Jaime
Melgar. My UAS utilizes four (4) counter-rotating propellers for balance, control and
stability. My UAS is equipped with GPS and auto return safety technology. Weighing
less than five (5) pounds (far below the maximum 55 pound limit); including camera with
gimbal.

I, Jaime Melgar, considers safety as foremost with each flight. My small unmanned
aircraft is designed to hover in place via GPS and operate in less than a 24 knot (15
mph) wind. For safety, stability and fear of financial loss I will not fly in winds exceeding
16 kph (10 mph). Built in safety systems include a GPS mode that allows my UAS to
hover in place when radio controls are released. With three modes to choose from, I
utilize the Smart Mode3 for aerial videography/photography. This is the safest, most
reliable and stable mode to prevent accident and hazard. When pilot communication is
lost UAS is designed slowly descend to point of take off. I do not operate my UAS near
airports, Hospitals nor Police heliports, and do not operate near areas where general
public is within fifty to one hundred (50-100) yards depending on location, conditions
and weather. I am constantly on alert for any manned aircraft (Police/Medical
helicopters, etc.) and prepared to land/abort immediately to the nearest and safest
ground point should a manned aircraft approach my location or I suspect manned
aircraft may approach near my location. My UAS is capable of vertical and horizontal
operations, and are flown only within my line of sight of me, as the remote control pilot.
Utilizing battery power rather than combustible fuels, flights generally last between three
(3) to seven (7) minutes, with an altitude under one hundred fifty (150) feet. I, Jaime

3 Smart Mode includes safe circle for operation, position hold, self-leveling, altitude command, GPS, return home feature, and
safety control to return home or land in the event of communication interruption between RC transmitter and UAS. See Appendix A -
Operator Manual.

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Jaime Melgar, Realtor®, Naples FL - Section 333 Exemption Petition
Jaime Melgar, Realtor®, Naples FL - Section 333 Exemption Petition

Melgar, utilize a fresh fully charged battery with each flight as a safety precaution; full
flight time limit for each battery is fifteen (15) to twenty-five (25) minutes as tested. I do
not operate my UAS at or below manufacture recommend minimum charge levels for
operation; preferring to remain well within a safe operating range to insure adequate
communication between radio control and UAS to eliminate potential for crash, loss of
control or hazard. Reserve batteries are at hand with each exercise to insure
replacement for sufficient safe level of operation. I do not believe in taking risk that may
cause a crash, that could create hazard to the public/property/manned aircraft, and
have no desire to lose an investment. I have clocked numerous practice flights in
remote areas as a hobbyist simulating flights for future commercial use to gain
familiarization with the characteristics of this specific UAS's performance under different
temperature and weather conditions. I also practice computerized simulated flights to
maintain adequate skills and response reflex time. All for the sake of safety.

I, Jaime Melgar's, am extremely cautious when operating of my UAS/ultra light weight
unmanned aircraft and will not "create a hazard to users of the national airspace system
or the public." 112 P.L. 95 § 333 (b). Given the small size and weight of my UAS it falls
well within Congress's contemplated safety zone when it promulgated the Reform Act
and the corresponding directive to integrate UAS's into the national airspace system.
Jaime Melgar's UAS, used in hobby flight, has a demonstrable safety record and does
not pose any threat to the general public or national security.

IV. How Jaime Melgar's Request Will Benefit the Public As A Whole:

Aerial videography for geographical awareness and for real estate marketing has been
around for a long time through manned fixed wing aircraft and helicopters. For small
budget real estate companies and average homeowners the expense of such aerial
videography is cost prohibitive. Only large companies and high end Realtors or luxury
homeowners can afford to absorb such expense. Depriving non -luxury homeowners
and lower budget Realtors from a valuable marketing tool. Manned aircraft pose a threat
to the public through potential catastrophic crash that the community has experienced in
the past. Each resulting in loss of life. Each with combustible fuel that exploded and
burned on impact. Police helicopters have made emergency hard landings within city
limits. My, Jaime Melgar's, UAS pose no such threat since size and lack of combustible
fuel alleviates any potential threat to the public.

Congress has already proclaimed that it is in the public's interest to integrate
commercially flown UAS's into the national airspace system, hence the passing of the
Reform Act. Granting my, Jaime Melgar's, exemption request furthers the public interest
through academic/visual awareness of the geographical benefits in and around the
metro Tucson area. My ultra light weight UAS is battery powered and creates no
emissions that can harm the environment. The consequence of my ultra light weight
UAS crashing is far less than a full size helicopter or fixed wing aircraft; which are
heavy, contain combustible fuel and can cause catastrophic devastation to the public.

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Jaime Melgar, Realtor®, Naples FL - Section 333 Exemption Petition
Jaime Melgar, Realtor®, Naples FL - Section 333 Exemption Petition

The public's interest is furthered by minimizing ecological and crash threat by permitting
aerial video/photo capture through my battery operated ultra light weight UAS's.
Permitting me, Jaime Melgar, to immediately fly within national air space furthers
economic growth. Granting my exemption request substantially furthers the economic
impact for the community for companies looking to relocate or build in the SW Florida
and South Florida area as well as individuals looking to relocate for career
advancement through academic and geographical awareness. Both of which serve as a
stimulus to the community.

V. Reasons Why Jaime Melgar's Exemption Will Not Adversely Affect Safety Or
How The Exemption Will Provide a Level of Safety At Least Equal To Existing
Rule:

My, Jaime Melgar's, exemption will not adversely affect safety. Quite the contrary, for
the reasons stated permitting me, Jaime Melgar, to log more flight time in FAA
controlled airspace, with communication with the FAA, will allow me to contribute to the
innovation and implementation of new and novel, as of yet undiscovered safety
protocols for Realtors that can be embraced by the NAR6, AAR7, and TAR8 for
development in cooperation with the FAA. In addition I, Jaime Melgar, submit the
following representations of enhancements to current aerial videography and
photography for real estate:

         My UAS weighs less than 5 pounds complete with a small ultra light weight high
         quality GoPro 4+ Black camera;
         I only operate my UAS below 200 feet (well within the 400 foot permissible ceiling
         set by the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012);
         my UAS only operate for 20-25 minutes per flight;
         I land my UAS prior to manufacturer recommended minimum level of battery
         power;
         I pilot my UAS through remote control only by line of sight;
         My UAS has GPS a flight safety feature whereby it hovers and then slowly lands
         if communication with the remote control pilot is lost;
         I actively analyze flight data and other sources of information to constantly
         update and enhance safety protocols;
         I only operate in reasonably safe environment that are strictly controlled, are
         away from power lines, elevated lights, airports and actively populated areas;
         I conduct extensive pre-flight inspections and protocol, during which safety
         carries primary importance;
         I always obtains all necessary permissions prior to operation; and,
         I have procedures in place to abort flights in the event of safety breaches or
         potential danger.

4  National Association of Realtors, http://www.realtor.org/
5  Florida Association of Realtors, http://www.floridarealtors.org/
6  Naples Area Board of Realtors, http://www.nabor.com/

                                                                     Jaime Melgar, Realtor®, Naples FL - Section 333 Exemption Petition
Jaime Melgar, Realtor®, Naples FL - Section 333 Exemption Petition

My, Jaime Melgar's, safety protocols provide a level of safety equal to or exceeding
existing rules. It is important to note that absent the integration of commercial UAS into
our national airspace system, helicopters are the primary means of aerial video and
photography for community awareness and real estate. While the safety record of such
helicopters is remarkably astounding, there has been local incident involving loss of life
as well as extensive property damage; it is far safer to operate a battery powered ultra
light weight UAS.

         First, the potential loss of life is diminished because UAS's carry no people on
         board and I only operates my UAS in specific areas away from mass populations.
         Second, there is no fuel on board a UAS and thus the potential for fire or
         explosions is greatly diminished.
         Third, the small size and extreme maneuverability of my UAS allow me to
         remotely pilot away from and avoid hazards quickly and safely.
         Lastly, given its small size and weight, even when close enough to capture
         amazing images, my UAS need not be so close to the objects they are focused
         on through the technology and use of post editing software allowing pan and
         zoom.
Accordingly, my UAS has been experimentally operated for familiarization/competency
and will continue to operate at and above current safety levels.

VI. A Summary The FAA May Publish in the Federal Register:

A. 14 C.F.R. 21 and 14 C.F.R. 91: Airworthiness Certificates, Manuals and The Like.

    14 C.F.R. 21, Subpart H, entitled Airworthiness Certificates, sets forth requirements
    for procurement of necessary airworthiness certificates in relation to FAR §
    91.203(a)(1). The size, weight and enclosed operational area of my, Jaime Melgar's,
    UAS permits exemption from Part 21 because my UAS meets (and exceeds) an
    equivalent level of safety pursuant to Section 333 of the Reform Act. The FAA is
    authorized to exempt aircraft from the airworthiness certificate requirement under
    both the Act (49 U.S.C. § 44701 (f)) and Section 333 of the Reform Act. Both pieces
    of legislation permit the FAA to exempt UAS's from the airworthiness certificate
    requirement in consideration of the weight, size, speed, maneuverability and
    proximity to areas such as airports and dense populations. My, Jaime Melgar's,
    current and projected UAS's meet or exceed each of the elements.

    14 C.F.R. 91.7(a) prohibits the operation of an aircraft without an airworthiness
    certificate. As no such certificate will be applicable in the form contemplated by the
    FARs, this Regulation is inapplicable.

    14 C.F.R. § 91.9 (b) (2) requires an aircraft flight manual in the aircraft. As there are
    no on board pilots or passengers, and given the size of the UAS's, this Regulation is
    inapplicable. An equivalent level of safety will be achieved by maintaining a

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Jaime Melgar, Realtor®, Naples FL - Section 333 Exemption Petition
Jaime Melgar, Realtor®, Naples FL - Section 333 Exemption Petition

    safety/flight manual delineating areas of where safety can be defined.10 The FAA
    has previously issued exemptions to this regulation in Exemption Nos. 8607, 8737,
    8738, 9299, 9299A, 9565, 9565B, 10167, 10167A, 10602, 10700 and 32827.

     14 C.F.R. § 91.121 regarding altimeter settings is inapplicable insofar as my UAS utilizes
     electronic global positioning systems with a barometric sensor.

     14 C.F.R. § 91.203 (a) and (b) provides for the carrying of civil aircraft certifications and
     registrations. They are inapplicable for the same reasons described above. The equivalent
     level of safety will be achieved by maintaining any such required certifications and
     registrations by me, Jaime Melgar.

B. 14 C.F.R. § 45.23: Marking of The Aircraft.

          Applicable Codes of Federal Regulation require aircraft to be marked according to
          certain specifications. My UAS are, by definition, unmanned. They therefore do not have
          a cabin, cockpit or pilot station on which to mark certain words or phrases. Further, two-
          inch lettering is difficult to place on such small aircraft with dimensions smaller that
          minimal lettering requirement. Regardless, I will mark its UASs in the largest possible
          lettering by placing the word "EXPERIMENTAL" on its fuselage as required by 14 C.F.R.
          §45.29 (f) so that I the pilot, or anyone assisting me as a spotter with the UAV will see
          the markings. The FAA has previously issued exemptions to this regulation through
          Exemptions Nos. 8738, 10167, 10167A and 10700.

C. 14 C.F.R. § 61.113: Private Pilot Privileges and Limitations: PIC.

          Pursuant to 14 C.F.R. §§ 61.113 (a) & (b), private pilots are limited to non -commercial
          operations. I, Jaime Melgar, can achieve an equivalent level of safety as achieved by
          current Regulations because my UAS does not carry any pilots or passengers. Further,
          while helpful, a pilot license will not ensure remote control piloting skills. The risks
          attended to the operation of my UAS is far less than the risk levels inherent in the
          commercial activities outlined in 14 C.F.R. § 61, et seq. Thus, allowing me, Jaime
          Melgar, to operate my UAS meet and exceed current safety levels in relation to 14
          C.F.R. §61.113 (a) & (b).

D. 14 C.F.R. 91.119: Minimum Safe Altitudes.

          14 C.F.R. § 91.119 prescribes safe altitudes for the operation of civil aircraft. It allows
          helicopters to be operated at lower altitudes in certain conditions. My UAS will never
          operate at an altitude greater than 200 AGL; safely below the standard of 400 AGL. I,
          Jaime Melgar, will however operate my UAS in safe areas away from public and traffic,
          providing a level of safety at least equivalent to or below those in relation to minimum
          safe altitudes. Given the size, weight, maneuverability and speed of my UAS, an
          equivalent or higher level of safety will be achieved.

E. 14 C.F.R. 91.405 (a); 407 (a) (1); 409 (a) (2); 417(a) & (b): Maintenance Inspections.

10 Appendix E - Safety/Flight Manual

                                      Jaime Melgar, Realtor®, Naples FL - Section 333 Exemption Petition
Jaime Melgar, Realtor®, Naples FL - Section 333 Exemption Petition

          The above- cited Regulations require, amongst other things, aircraft owners and
          operators to "have [the] aircraft inspected as prescribed in subpart E of this part and
          shall between required inspections, except as provided in paragraph (c) of this section,
          have discrepancies repaired as prescribed in part 43 of this chapter. . . ."

These Regulations only apply to aircraft with an airworthiness certificate. They will not,
therefore, apply to my, Jaime Melgar's, UAS. However, as a safety precaution I inspect my UAS
before and after each flight.

A Summary The FAA May Publish in the Federal Register: A. 14 C.F.R. 21 and 14
C.F.R. 91: Airworthiness Certificates, Manuals and The Like. 14 C.F.R. 21, Subpart H,
entitled Airworthiness Certificates, sets forth requirements for procurement of necessary
airworthiness certificates in relation to FAR § 91.203(a)(1). The size, weight and
enclosed operational area of my UAS permits exemption from Part 21 because my,
Jaime Melgar's, UAS meets an equivalent level of safety pursuant to Section 333 of the
Reform Act. The FAA is authorized to exempt aircraft from the airworthiness certificate
requirement under both the Act (49 U.S.C. § 44701 (f)) and Section 333 of the Reform
Act. Both pieces of legislation permit the FAA to exempt UAS's from the airworthiness
certificate requirement in consideration of the weight, size, speed, maneuverability and
proximity to areas such as airports and dense populations. My UAS meets or exceeds
each of the elements. 14 C.F.R. 91.7(a) prohibits the operation of an aircraft without an
airworthiness certificate. As no such certificate will be applicable in the form
contemplated by the FARs, this Regulation is inapplicable. 14 C.F.R. § 91.9 (b) (2)
requires an aircraft flight manual in the aircraft. As there are no pilots or passengers,
and given the size of the UAS's, this Regulation is inapplicable. An equivalent level of
safety will be achieved by maintaining a manual. The FAA has previously issued
exemptions to this regulation in Exemption Nos. 8607, 8737, 8738, 9299, 9299A, 9565,
9565B, 10167, maintenance program that involves regular software updates and
curative measures for any damaged hardware. Therefore, an equivalent level of safety
will be achieved.

In summary, Jaime Melgar seeks an exemption from the following Regulations:

14 C.F.R. 21, subpart H; 14 C.F.R. 45.23(b); 14 C.F.R. §§ 61.113 (a) & (b); 14 C.F.R. §
91.7 (a); 14 C.F.R. § 91.9 (b)(2); 14 C.F.R. § 91.103(b); 14 C.F.R. § 91.109; 14 C.F.R. §
91.119; 14 C.F.R. § 91.121; 14 C.F.R. § 91.151(a); 14 C.F.R. §§ 91.203(a) and (b); 14
C.F.R. § 91.405 (a); 14 C.F.R. § 91.407 (a)(1); 14 C.F.R. § 91.409 (a)(2); 14 C.F.R. §
91.409 (a ) (2); and, 14 C.F.R. §§ 91.417 (a) & (b) to commercially operate my, Jaime
Melgar's, small unmanned vehicle/lightweight unmanned aircraft vehicle in community
awareness and real estate operations, and to develop economic platforms for real
estate to enhance the experience of those seeking to relocate to the metro Tucson
area. Currently, area awareness and real estate aerial videography/photography relies
primarily on the use of larger aircraft running on combustible fuel. Posing potential risk
to the public. Granting my, Jaime Melgar's, request for exemption will reduce current
risk levels and thereby enhance safety. My UAS craft do not contain potentially

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Jaime Melgar, Realtor®, Naples FL - Section 333 Exemption Petition
Jaime Melgar, Realtor®, Naples FL - Section 333 Exemption Petition

explosive fuel, is smaller, lighter and more maneuverable than conventional real estate
video and photographic aircraft with much less flight time. Further, I operate at lower
altitudes and in controlled airspace eliminating potential public risk flying to and from
established air fields. I, Jaime Melgar, have been informally analyzing flight information
and will compile safety protocols and the implementation of a flight operations manual
for real estate usage that exceeds currently accepted means and methods for safe
flight. Formal collection of information shared with the FAA will enhance the FAA's
internal efforts to establish protocols for complying with the FAA Modernization and
Reform Act of 2012. There are no personnel on board my, Jaime Melgar's, UAS and
therefore the likelihood of death or serious bodily injury is significantly diminished. My,
Jaime Melgar's, operation of my UAS, weighing less than 5 pounds and travelling at
lower speeds within limited areas will provide an equivalent level of safety as that
achieved under current FARs. Accordingly I, Jaime Melgar, respectfully request that the
FAA grant my exemption request and am willing to cooperate in sharing information to
benefit the FAA, safety of manned aircraft, and the general public at large.
Respectfully submitted,

Jaime Melgar, Realtor®
1031 19th ST SW
Naples, FL 34117

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Jaime Melgar, Realtor®, Naples FL - Section 333 Exemption Petition
                                                 Jaime Melgar, Realtor®, Naples FL - Section 333 Exemption Petition

Appendix A

Phantom Quad Copter
   Operator Manual
     PHANTOM Flying Flowchart V1.0 (Simplified Version)

This flowchart is aiming at help you to get familiar with the flying procedures of PHANT OM, please read

            the Manual carefully to get the operation details. Its corresponding Firmware Version is V3.0.

                    Switch on the tr ansmitter, and               F ailSafe         LED: Blink Yellow
                    then power on the PHANT OM.                                           Quickly

                              System Start                        Senser Error Too Big LED:Red+
                              & Self-check                                                         Green+Yellow

                                                                  Compass Error Too Big
                                                                                                LED:Red+Yellow

     IO C On &         LED Mode + GPS Satellite                                     If Red LED appea rs in the last
30s after power on           Number +6Yellow                                        four green flashes, the autopilot

                       6Yellow means warming up                                            system cannot work.

LED Blink      Recording                            IO C Off &
               is ok.                          Warming up is ok.
Green Quickly                     LED Mode +
                              GPS Satellite Number                LED Mode + GPS Satellite  Important: If PHANTO M is
Record the                                                               Number +6Green     moved after power on and
forward

direction.                                                        6Green means motion detection. before the motors start-up,
                                                                                                                 that is normal.

         Any GPS Satellite Number GPS Satellite Number 6                                       If it is stationary on the
                                                                                            ground, please try the IMU

                                                                                                Basic Calibration.

         ATTI. Mode                                  GPS ATTI. Mode          M etho d of Start M ot or

                    Important: At any moment after power
                     on, if the GPS Satellite number is less
                     than 6 and last for at least 10s; even
                    though you select the GPS ATTI. Mode
                    and LE D blinks in the GPS ATTI. Mode,

                    the PHANT OM will work in ATTI. Mode.

                                                                     GPS Satellite

         GPS Satellite Number 6                                      Number<6 Keep Leveling

                    &IO C On                                      F ailSafe         &Landing

                              Start Motors                                   Im p ortan t: W hen yo u swi tch to ATTI. M o de, the

LED Blink Green Quickly                                                mai n control l er wi ll d isenga g e enhance d Fai lSafe
 Record the Home Point                                                      m o de, yo u can re -g ai n co ntrol of aircraft.

                       Home Point                                    GPS Satellite
                     Recording is ok
                                                                     Number 6 Return to the

                                                  IO C Starting                     Home Point
                                      Flying
                                                                     GPS Satellite Number 6, in GPS ATTI. Mode,
                                                                     Distance between the Home Point and
                                                                     PHANT OM>10m.

                                            Course Lock           Home Lock

               First Level                  IO C E nding
            Protection Alert

             Second Level                                         Green Part means normal procedures:
            Protection Alert                                                    means r egular situation.
                                                                                means selectable or possible situation.
            &Height Descent
                                                                  Pink Text tells the details.
                              Landed                              Red Part means possible abnormal situation.
                                                                  Yellow Part is possible in normal or abnormal situation,
                       Power off the PHANT OM, and                requir e you to confirm by the Text for details.
                       then switch off the transmitter            Blue Part is the condition of the normal situation.
                                                                  Purple Part is the condition of the abnormal situation.
PHANT O M Quick Start Manual V1 . 7

201 3. 09.25 Revi sion

For NAZA-M Firmware V3.12
    & Assistant Software V2.12

Thank you for purchasing our product. Pl ease visit the DJI website, PHANT OM section to confirm if the printed manual
is the l atest one a ccording to the manual version. If not, please downl oad and ref er to the l atest manual.

Please read the entire manual strictly and foll ow these steps to use you product. The manual will get you ready
to fly by doing simpl e opera tions. You can get an advanced manual from DJI website to l earn more a bout
PHANTOM, for exampl e, configuring parameters by connecting to assistant software, changing the transmitter
to Mode1, matching frequency between the transmitter and the receiver, etc.

Ma ke sure to use the NAZA-M assistant software of 2. 0 version (or above 2. 0) to carry out firmware upgrade
and parameter configuration. D O N OT use the NAZA-M assistant software bell ow 2. 0 version.
Note: The buil t-in autopil ot system is NAZA-M; you can obtain the current NAZA-M Firmware Version according
to the Assistant Software. If you ever upgrade your NAZA-M Firmware, pl ease carefully read the corresponding
NAZA-M rel ease note and NAZA-M quick start guide.

                                                                                                     www. dji .com

©2012-2013 DJI Innova tions. All Rights Reserved.  1|
Content
C ONTENT........................................................................................................2
DISCLAIMER & WARNING ...............................................................................3
C AUTI ONS F OR PRO DUCT USE.................................................................4
TRADEMARKS..................................................................................................4
BATTERY USAGE & CHARGING CAUTIO NS .................................................5
IN THE BO X .....................................................................................................6
RE QUIRED ITEMS...........................................................................................6
INTRO DUCTI O N ............................................................................................7
AIRCRAFT & TRANSMITTER BASI C OPERATI ON ........................................8
BEF ORE FLYING.............................................................................................9
FLIGHT TEST ..................................................................................................13
THE FLO W CHART O F FAILSAFE AND H O W TO REGAIN C ONTROL .... 14
LO W-V OLTAGE ALERT .................................................................................15
LED DESCRIPTI O N .......................................................................................15
SPE CIFI C ATI O NS O F THE AIRCRAFT..................................................... 16

©2012-2013 DJI Innova tions. All Rights Reserved.  2|
Di scl ai mer & Warning

Please rea d this disclaimer carefully before using the PHANTO M. By using this product, you hereby agree to
this discl aimer and signify that you have rea d them fully. TH IS PRO DUCT IS N OT SUI TABLE F OR PEO
PLE UNDER THE AG E O F 1 8.
PHANTOM is an excell ent flight pl atform off ering an excellent flight experience, only if it is powered norma lly and in a
good working condition. Despite the PHANTOM having a buil t-in autopilot system and our efforts in ma king the
operation of the controller as safe as possibl e when the main power ba ttery is connected, we strongly recommend
users to remove all propell ers when calibra ting and setting parameters. Ma ke sure all connections are good, and keep
chil dren and animals away during firmware upgra de, system calibration and parameter setup. DJI Innova tions accepts
no liability for damage(s) or injuries incurred directly or indirectly from the use of this product in the following
conditions:
1. Damage(s) or injuries incurred when users are drunk, taking drugs, drug anesthesia, dizziness, fatigue,

       nausea and any other conditions no ma tter physically or mentally that coul d impair your ability.
2. Damage(s) or injuries caused by subjective intentional opera tions.
3. Any mental damage compensation caused by accident.
4. Failure to foll ow the guidance of the manual to assembl e or operate.
5. Malfunctions caused by refit or repl acement with non-DJI accessories and parts.
6. Damage(s) or injuries caused by using third party products or fake DJI products.
7. Damage(s) or injuries caused by mis-operation or subjective mis-judgment.
8. Damage(s) or injuries caused by mechanical failures due to erosion, a ging.
9. Damage(s) or injuries caused by continued flying after low- voltage protection al ert is triggered.
10. Damage(s) or injuries caused by knowingly flying the aircraft in abnormal condition (such as water, oil, soil,

       sand and other unknown material ingress into the aircraft or the assembly is not compl eted, the main
       components have obvious faul ts, obvious def ect or missing accessories).
11. Damage(s) or injuries caused by flying in the foll owing situations such as the aircraft in magnetic interf erence area,
       radio interf erence area, government regul a ted no-fly zones or the pilot is in backlight, blocked, fuzzy sight, and
       poor eyesight is not suitable for operating and other conditions not suitabl e for operating.
12. Damage(s) or injuries caused by using in bad wea ther, such as a rainy day or windy (more than moderate
       breeze), snow, hail, lightning, tornadoes, hurricanes etc.
13. Damage(s) or injuries caused when the aircraft is in the foll owing situations: collision, fire, explosion,
       floods, tsunamis, subsidence, ice trapped, aval anche, debris flow, landslide, earthqua ke, etc.
14. Damage(s) or injuries caused by infringement such as any data, audio or video ma terial recorded by the
       use of aircraft.
15. Damage(s) or injuries caused by the misuse of the ba ttery, protection circuit, RC model and ba ttery chargers.
16. Other l osses tha t are not covered by the scope of DJI Innova tions liability.

©2012-2013 DJI Innova tions. All Rights Reserved.  3|
C autions for Product Use                                               .

Pl ease check the foll owing steps carefully every ti me before flight

1. Before use of the product, pl ease accept some flight training (Using a simul ator to practice flying, getting
       instruction from a professional person, etc.).

2. Check tha t all parts of the mul ti-rotor are in good condition before flight. Do not fly with aging or broken parts.
3. Check tha t the propell ers and the motors are install ed correctly and firmly before flight. Ma ke sure the

       rotation direction of each propell er is correct. Do not get cl ose to or even touch the working motors and
       propell ers to avoid serious injury.

4. Do not over load the mul ti-rotor (should be less than 120 0g).
5. Ma ke sure that the transmitter battery and flight battery are fully charged.
6. Try to avoid interf erence between the remote control transmitter and other wirel ess equipment.

7. Ma ke sure to switch on the transmitter first, then power on the multi-rotor before takeoff! Power off the
     mul ti-rotor first, then switch off the transmitter after landing!

8. The fast rotating propellers of PHANT OM will cause serious damage and injury. Always fly the mul ti-rotor 3m or
     above away from you and unsafe conditions, such as obstacl es, crowds, high-voltage lines, etc. FLY
     RESPO NSIBLY.

 9. All parts must be kept out of the reach of chil dren to avoid C H OKE HAZARD; if a child accidentally swall ows any
       part you shoul d immediately seek medical assistance.

10. Please always keep the compass module away from the magnet. Otherwise it may damage the compass
        modul e and l ead the aircraft to work abnormally or even be out of control.

11. D O N O T use the PHANTOM transmitter (receiver) with the other third party remote control equipment.

12. Ma ke sure to use the NAZA-M assistant software of 2. 0 version (or above 2. 0) to carry out firmware
        upgrade and parameter configuration. DO N O T use the NAZA-M assistant software bell ow 2. 0 version.

13. The buil t-in ES Cs of PH ANT OM O NLY support 3S (11.1V) power supply.

14. O NLY use the DJI original motor and 8-inch propell er.
15. If you want to put the PHANTOM in a car, please keep it away from the speaker, since the compass modul

        e may be magnetized.
16. D O N O T use the magnetic screwdriver. Otherwise, keep the screwdriver a t l east 10cm away from the

        compass modul e, to avoid magnetic interf erenc e.

17. If you use your own equipment(for exampl e: GoPro3), pl ease make sure the WiFi function is disabl ed, to avoid

the interference on the transmitter, which may cause the PHANT OM to FailSaf e, crack and or even to fly away.

18. For Ma c user, please install Windows Parall el to run assistant software.
If you have any problem you cannot solve during in stall ation, please conta ct a DJI Authorized Deal er.

Trademarks

DJI and PHANT OM are registered trademarks of DJI Innova tions. Names of product, brand, etc., appearing in
this manual are trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective owner companies. This product and
manual are copyrighted by DJI Innovations with all rights reserved. No part of this product or manual shall be
reproduced in any form without the prior written consent or authorization of DJI Innovations. No patent liabil ity is
assumed with respect to the use of the product or informa tion contained herein.

©2012-2013 DJI Innova tions. All Rights Reserved.                                                          4|
Battery Usage & Charging C autions

1. Do not put the ba ttery into water; store the ba ttery in a cool and dry environment.
2. Only use the correctly specified batteries
3. Ba tteries must be kept out of the rea ch of chil dren; if a chil d a ccidentally swallows the battery you shoul d

       immediately seek medica l assistance.
4. Do not use or store the battery near fire.
5. Ba ttery shoul d be charged with proper standard charger.
6. Do not connect the ba ttery reversed in positive and nega tive termina ls in the charger or equipment.
7. Do not connect the battery directly to the wa ll plugs or vehicl e-mounted socket.
8. Do not put the ba ttery into a fire or heat the ba ttery.
9. Do not l et the battery termina ls (+and-) touch together to cause short-circuit.
10. Do not transport or store the battery together with metal objects.
11. Do not hit or throw the battery.
12. Do not wel d the ba ttery terminals together.
13. Do not drive a nail in, hit with a hammer, or stomp on the battery.
14. Do not disassembl e or al ter the ba ttery.
15. Do not use or store the battery in extreme heat environments, such as direct sunlight or in the car in hot weather.

       Otherwise, the battery will overhea t, may cause fire (or self-ignite), this will affect the performance of the
       battery, shorten the service lif e of the battery.
16. Do not use the ba ttery in strong el ectrostatic areas, otherwise the electronic protection may be damaged
       which may cause a haza rd.
17. If you get the ba ttery electrolyte l ea kage into your eyes, don't rub, first wash your eyes with cl ean wa ter then seek

       medica l assistance immedia tely. If not handled in a timely manner, eyes coul d be damaged.
 18. Do not use the battery when it emits an odour, high temperature, deforma tion, change in col our or other

       abnorma l phenomena; if the battery is in use or cha rging, you shoul d stop cha rging or using immedia tely.
 19. If the ba ttery termina l gets dirty, please cl ean it with a dry cloth before using. Otherwise it will cause a poor

       contact, thus causing energy l oss or inability to charge.
20 . Discarded battery could lead to a fire; you shoul d compl etely discharge the battery and wrap the output

       terminal with insul ating tape before disca rding.
21. D O N OT drain the ba ttery of phantom or l eave the battery plugged into the PHANTO M when unused.

       When there is l ow voltage a lert pl ease l anding timely to avoid damages to the ba ttery or others.

©2012-2013 DJI Innova tions. All Rights Reserved.  5|
I n the Box                           Transmitter                  Landing Gear
                                                             (with Compass Modul e)
                        Aircraft

Frame for C amera                     Propell ers            Assistant Wrench

USB C abl e                           Screw Packa ge (M3x6)  Accessory

Required I tems                       5# AA Batteries

                Phillips Screwdriver

©2012-2013 DJI Innova tions. All Rights Reserved.                                    6|
I ntroduction

The PH ANTOM is an all-in-one small Quad Copter designed for mul ti-rotor enthusiasts. Before shipping

from the factory, it has been configured and fully tested, which means you have no configuration to do.

  Built-in
        NAZA-M Autopil ot System

          (Refer to NAZA-M manual for details)

        GPS & Compass Modul e
        R/ C Receiver
        Power System for Flight
        LED Indicator
        USB Interface
         (in the Ba ttery Compartment)
   Function
        ATTI. / GPS ATTI. Mode
        Intelligent O rientation Control
        Enhanced Fail-Safe
        Low-Vol tage Al ert
   C amera Frame (For GoPro)
   Takeoff Weight:<120 0g

                                                                                        Working Frequency: 2. 4GHz ISM
                                                                                   Control Channel Numbers of Transmitter: 7

                                                                                         Communication Distance: 10 0 0m
                                                                                        Receiver Sensitivity(1%PER):

©2012-2013 DJI Innova tions. All Rights Reserved.                                                                             7|
Aircraft & Transmitter Basi c O peration

Definitions

Sti ck neutral position and sti ck rel eased means the stick of Transmitter is pushed to the central position.

Command Sti ck means the stick of Transmitter is pushed away from the central position.

Transmitter  Aircraft

©2012-2013 DJI Innova tions. All Rights Reserved.                                                               8|
Before F lying

   Installing the Transmitter Batteries

  1. Open the battery compartment cover of the Transmitter.
  2. Install 4x AA battery (5#) in accordance with the + / - pole.
  3. C l ose the battery compartment cover of the Transmitter.

     D O N O T use the PHANT OM transmitter (receiver) with the other third party remote control equipment.
     Risk of explosion if repl aced by an incorrect type.
     Dispose of used batteries a ccording to the instructions.
     Remove the batteries after use.

     batteries.

    Battery Charging LiPo Battery

Please use the full charged battery of 3S LiPo.
(Recommended parameters: 733496 - 220 0MAH-20 C

©2012-2013 DJI Innova tions. All Rights Reserved.  9|
    Mount the Landing Gear with the Compass Module i f Required

If the GPS ATTI. Mode is desired, you must first mount the l anding gear which contains the Compass Module.
1. Prepare the aircraft and the l anding gear.
2. Mount the landing gear with the Compass Modul e to the right part (shown as the foll owing chart); make sure

   the 5-pin cabl e is through the hole of the l anding gear. Fix the landing gear with screws (M3x6), and then
   connect the 5-pin cable to the Compass Modul e.
3. Mount the other l anding gear to the l eft part.
4. Fix the antenna and the 5-pin cable on both l anding gear by using the white adhesive tape.

Landing Gear Mounting                                          Compass Modul e Connecting

When flying, pl ease make sure the compass module is stationary and firm.
If the Landing Gear with the compass modul e mount on has been deformed, pl ease repl ace it with a new
one and mount it as the procedures above.
The compass modul e is not wa terproof, and not anti-oil.
D O N O T use the magnetic screwdriver. Otherwise, keep the screwdriver at l east 10cm away from the
compass modul e, to avoid magnetic interf erenc e.

  Turn on the Transmitter

1. Set the I O C and Control Mode switch to the top position.
2. Turn on the power switch of the Transmitter

©2012-2013 DJI Innova tions. All Rights Reserved.                                          10 |
  Power on the Aircraft

1. Pla ce the aircraft on the ground

2. Open the battery compartment cover of the aircraft.

3. Put the battery into the compartment with the power cord fa cing outward.

4.

5. Keep the sticks of the Transmitter and the Aircraft stationary until the system start and sel f-check has finished

    ( ).

6. Put the power cabl e into the ba ttery compartment.

7. C l ose the battery compartment cover.

8. The LED may blink Yell ow 4 times quickly (   ). Start motor is disabl e during LED blinking Yell ow 4 times

    quickly (  ), as the system is warming up.

Notes

    Please contact your deal er                            -                              (Red LED appears in

    the l ast four green flashes) in the Step5.

    After the system start and sel f-checking has finished, if the LED blinks Red, Yell ow and Green continually, that

    means the IMU da ta is a bnormal. The PH ANTOM will not work, pl ease connect to the Assistant Software and

    follow the tips to do operation. If it blinks red and yell ow lights al terna tely (        ), that means the

    compass error is too big, it can be caused by the foll owing three cases. Pl ease connect to the Assistant Software,

    sel

    1. There are f erromagnetic substance around; first make sure that the compass has been calibra ted

    correctly, you can lift the aircraft up (about 1m from the ground), and stay away from the surrounding

    possibl e f erromagnetic material object, if there is no red and yell ow fl ashing after lifting it up about 1m

    from the ground, then it will not aff ect the flight.

    2. The compass module had been put near a magnet; in this situation pl ease timely repla ce the compass

    for a new one, otherwise it will l ead to some abnormal a ction, or even l oss of control.

    3. The compass is not properly calibra ted; in this situa tion pl ease calibrate the compass correctly again,

    pl ease see the GPS compass calibration for details.

    ©2012-2013 DJI Innova tions. All Rights Reserved.                                                            11 |
    GPS & Compass C alibr ation
If the C ompass Modul e is not used, you can skip this step.

The GPS module has a built-in magnetic fiel d sensor for measuring the geomagnetic field, which is not the

same in diff erent areas. The GPS module will not work unless the Compass Modul e has been connected. Make

sure the Compass Module connections are correct.

Please always keep the compass modul e away from the magnet. If this situation occurs please change the

compass modul e before flying. Otherwise it may damage the compass modul e and lead the aircraft to work

abnormally or even be out of control.

C alibrate the compass before the first flight or when flying in a diff erent area. Make sure to keep away from f

erromagnetic substance and other el ectronic equipment when calibrating or flying. If you keep having calibration failure,

it might suggest that there is ma gnetic interference or other f erromagnetic substance, pl ease avoid flying in this

area.

If you have calibration failure or the LED blinks red and yell ow lights al ternately (  ), please connect to

                    T

1. Quickly switch the control mode switch from                to

       and back to  for 6 to 10 times, The LED indicator will turn

   to constantly yell ow.                                                                   GPS ATTI. Mode

2. Rotate your aircraft around the horizontal axis (about 360 o) until the LED                    ATTI. Mode
   changes to constant green, and then go to the next step.                              ATTI. Mode->GPS ATTI. Mode ->
                                                                                         ATTI. Mode is one time
3. Hol d your aircraft vertically and rotate it (its nose is downward) around
   the vertical axis (about 360 o) until the LED turns off, meaning the calibra

tion is finished.

4. If the calibra tion was successful, calibration mode will exit automatically. If the

calibration has fail ed, the LED keeps flashing quickly Red. Switch the control mode

switch one time to cancel the calibration, and then re-start from step 1.

       ©2012-2013 DJI Innova tions. All Rights Reserved.                                                               12 |
F light Test

  1. If in GPS ATTI. Mode, pla ce the aircraft in an open space without buildings or trees. Ta ke off the aircraft after
       6 or more GPS satellites are found (Red LED blinks once or no blinking). If in ATTI. Mode, you can skip
      this step.

  2. Pla ce the aircraft 3 meters away from you and others, to avoid accidental injury.
  3. Start-up

          Switch on the transmitter first, then power on multi-rotor! Keep the aircraft sta tionary until the system
          start and sel f-check has finished.
          Please wait for the system to warm up gra dually with the LED blinks Yell ow 4 times quickly ( ). You
          should not start the motors until the blinking disappears.
          Keep the aircraft sta tionary, and execute the CS C to start the motors.

          Release the yaw, roll and pitch sticks and keep them a t the neutral position, a t the same time raise the
          throttl e stick from the bottom. The motors will stop if you do not push the throttl e stick from the bottom
          within 3 sec and you will need to re-start the motors.
          Keep raising the throttle stick until all the rotors are working, push the throttle stick to the mid position
          and then take-off your mul ti-rotor gently, pay a ttention not to push the stick excessively.
          Pay attention to the aircraft movement at any time, and use the sticks to adjust the aircraft's position.
          Keep the yaw, roll, pitch and throttle sticks a t the mid position to hover the aircraft a t desired height.

  4. Lower the aircraft sl owly until touch down is achieved. The motors will stop automatically after 3 seconds, or

      you can repeat the start-up stick command to stop the motors sooner.

 5. Please always power off the aircraft first, and then switch off the transmitter after l anding.

FLY I NG N OTES

©2012-2013 DJI Innova tions. All Rights Reserved.  13 |
The flowchart of fai lsafe and how to regain control

An introdu ction of Go-Ho me and Landing.

                         Record Home Point                                                                                                     Stay hover

Ho me Point                                                                                                             Signal l ost

                                                       Ground       Tx                                              Tx
                       Mul ti-rotor
1                                                              2                                              3

                                 Ready to Go-Home                   Tx  Go-Home
          Signal l ost >3s                                                           Current loc ation > 20m
                                                               5
                                                                                Go-Home  Ascend                         Hover 15s, then l and
                                                                        20m                first

      Tx                                                                Current l oc ation 20m                      Tx

4                                                                                                             6

Ho me-point: Every time you power on, after first motors start, and if 6 or more GPS satellites are found (Red light blinks once or
no blinking) for 10 seconds, the current position of mul ti-rotor will be saved as home-point by MC automa tically.

Note      1. Please make sure to record the home-point during flight, and cl early know where it is.
          2. During go-home the nose direction of the aircraft is facing toward the home-point, and the aircraft is
          flying directly from the current position to the home-point.

          ©2012-2013 DJI Innova tions. All Rights Reserved.                                                                                    14 |
Low -Vol tage Al ert

  Low- Vol tage Alert is to indicate that the battery cannot provide enough power for the aircraft, in order to
  warn you to l and the aircraft ASAP. There are both first l evel and second l evel protections. It is not for fun,
  you should l and your aircraft ASAP to prevent your aircraft from crashing or other harmful consequences!!!

      In ATTI. Mode & GPS ATTI. Mode.
         The first l evel protection has LED warning.
          During second level protection the aircraft will land automatically with LED warning. Meanwhil e the center
          point of throttl e stick will move up sl owly to 9 0% of endpoint, you should land ASAP to prevent your aircraft
          from crashing! When the center point is a t 90% of endpoint, aircraft will still ascend sl owly if you continue to
          pull the throttl e stick, and the control of Pitch, Roll and Yaw are the same as before.

(1) Configure the FailSaf e function in the assistant software -                   -         and read the
       instruction thoroughly and carefully.                                                                 -

(2) Configure the Low-Voltage Alert function in the assi stant software -

and read the instruction thoroughly and carefully.

LED Description                           LED F lashing

 System Status                            Manual Mode: None

  System start and sel f-check            ATTI. Mode: ( stick(s) not at center        )
  IMU abnormal data                                                                   )
  Warm up after power on                  GPS Mode: ( stick(s) not at center
  Bias of Sensors too Big                                                                 )
  Compass Error too Big
  Tx signal l ost
  Low Voltage Al ert
  Record forward direction or home point

  Control Mode Indictor

                                          I O C Mode:    ( stick(s) not at center

GPS Signal Sta te Indicator

©2012-2013 DJI Innova tions. All Rights Reserved.                                            15 |
Compass C alibr                                                                                                                                                                                 ation  LED F lashing

                                                                                                                                                                      Begin horizontal calibra

tion

        Begin vertical calibra tion
      C alibration or others error

E S C Sound I ntroduction                                                                                                                                                                                                           Sound
                                   ES C State
                                                                                                                                                                                                                       1234567
  Ready
                                                                                                                                                                                                                      B--------B--------
  Throttl e stick is not a t bottom                                                                                                                                                                                   BB---BB---BB---

  Input signal abnormal

  Input vol tage a bnormal

Transmitter State Introduction

                                                                                                                                                                                                Transmitter State     Introduction

                                                                                                                                                                                                                   turning on may al arm. B--------BB

Linking between the Transmitter and the Receiver

Normal O peration

Low-battery Alert (Need to change the battery)

Speci fi cations of the Aircraft                                                                                                                                                                                                           Range
                                                                                                                                                                                                                      -10° C ~ 50° C
                                       Parameters
  Opera ting Temperature                                                                                                                                                                                              3.12W
                                                                                                                                                                                                                      O NLY 3S LiPo
  Power Consumption
  Supported Battery                                                                                                                                                                                                   <120 0g
                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Vertical: ± 0. 8m. Horizontal: ± 2.5m
  Take-off Weight                                                                                                                                                                                                     20 0° /s
  Hovering Accuracy (GPS Mode)                                                                                                                                                                                        35°
  Max Yaw Angul ar Velocity
  Max Til t Angl e                                                                                                                                                                                                    6m/s
                                                                                                                                                                                                                      10m/s
  Max Ascent / Descent Speed
  Max Flight Velocity                                                                                                                                                                                                 350mm
                                                                                                                                                                                                                      670g
  Diagonal distance (motor center to motor center)                                                                                                                                                                    80 0g
  Weight
  Weight(with Ba ttery)

©2012-2013 DJI Innova tions. All Rights Reserved.                                                                                                                                                                                                      16 |
C E Statement

Due to the used enclosure ma terial, the device shall only be connected to a USB Interface of version 2. 0 or
higher. The connection to so call ed power USB is prohibited.

C AUTI O N RISK O F EXPLOSI O N IF BATTERY IS REPLAC ED BY AN IN C ORRECT TYPE. DISPOSE O F
USED BATTERIES AC C ORDIN G TO THE INSTRUCTIO NS.
Hereby, DJI Innova tions Corporation decl ares that this device is in compliance with the essential requirements
and other rel evant provisions of Directive 1999/5/EC .

F C C Statement

This equipment complies with F C C RF ra diation exposure limits set forth for an uncontrolled environment.
This device complies with part 15 of the F C C rul es. Opera tion is subject to the foll owing two conditions: (1)
this device may not cause harmful interference, and (2) this device must accept any interf erence received,
including interf erence tha t may cause undesired operation.

N O TE: The manufa cturer is not responsibl e for any radio or TV interf erenc e caused by unauthorized modifications or

N O TE: This equipment has been tested and found to comply with the limits for a C lass B digital device, pursuant to part
15 of the F C C Rul es. These limits are designed to provide reasonabl e protection a gainst harmful interf erence in a
residential install ation. This equipment generates uses and can radiate radio frequency energy and, if not install ed and
used in accordance with the instructions, may cause harmful interf erence to radio communications. However, there is no
guarantee that interference will not occur in a particul ar installa tion. If this equipment does cause harmful interf erence
to radio or tel evision reception, which can be determined by turning the equipment off and on, the user is encoura ged to
try to correct the interf erence by one or more of the foll owing measures:
- Reorient or reloca te the receiving antenna.
- Increase the separa tion between the equipment and receiver.
- Connect the equipment into an outl et on a circuit diff erent from that to which the receiver is
connected. - Consul t the deal er or an experienced radio /TV technician for hel p.

©2012-2013 DJI Innova tions. All Rights Reserved.  17 |
PHANTOM                                      Index

INDEX .........................................................................................................................................................................................
A1 SOFTWARE AND DRIVER INSTALLATION.................................................................................................................................

A2 CONFIGURATION AND FIRMWARE& SOFTWARE UPGRADE .....................................................................................................
V 1.4

                                                                                                                               A3 LINKING THE TRANSMITTER AND RECE
2013.03.22 Revision

A4 CHANGING THE CONTROL MODE OF THE TRANSMITTER .......................................................................................................
A5 TRANSMITTER CALIBRATION..................................................................................................................................................

A6 MOUNT CAMERA AND CAMERA FRAME ..................................................................................................................................

                                             A7 INTELLIGENT ORIENTATION CONTROL

A8 MAINTENANCE .......................................................................................................................................................................

©2013 DJI Innovations. All Rights Reserved.  1 | ©2013 DJI Innovations. All Rights Reserved.
A1 Software and Driver Installation                                                                         A3 Linking the Transmitter and Re

Make sure to use the NAZA-M assistant software of 2.0 version (or above 2.0) to carry out firmware upgrade  The linking of the transmitter to the receiver of the PHANTO
and parameter configuration. DO NOT use the NAZA-M assistant software bellow 2.0 version.                   necessary you can link the transmitter to the receiver as follo
                                                                                                            default receiver type is PPM.
  1. Please download the driver DJI Driver Installer and NAZA-M assistant software from the PHANTOM         DO NOT use the PHANTOM transmitter (receiver) with the th
          page of DJI website (http://www.dji-innovations.com/products/phantom/downloads/).
                                                                                                              1. Please remove the housing by referring to the s
  2. Connect the PHANTOM and the PC via the USB cable, power on the PHANTOM system.                                   Housing.
  3. Run the DJI Driver Installer, and follow the instructions strictly to finish installation.
  4. Run the assistant software installer, and follow the instructions strictly to finish installation.       2. Locate the receiver module according to the following
                                                                                                              3. After powering on the aircraft and the transmitter, if t
A2 Configuration and Firmware& Software Upgrade
                                                                                                                      board is lit solid red, this means the receiver currently
  1. Power on your computer. Make sure the computer is connected to the Internet for the first time you               Press down the link button for more than two secon
          use.                                                                                                        the button.
                                                                                                                      Push the throttle stick to the lowest position and turn
  2. Switch on the transmitter first, then power on the aircraft. Connect the aircraft to the PC with the             the receiver turns off, the link between the transmit
          USB cable. DO NOT break the connection until configuration or upgrade is finished.                          operation can be done only when the LED indicator o

  3. Please refer to the "Assembly &Configuration->Step3" section of NAZA-M Quick Start Guide to                      If the transmitter can't enter the linking mode, please
          get the detail of assistant software usage.                                                                 position.
                                                                                                                      You can use your R/C system normally only after the
  4. Refer to the "Appendix-> Firmware & Assistant Software Upgrade" section of NAZA-M Quick Start
          Guide to get the detail of assistant software usage.                                                ©2013 DJI Innovations. All Rights Reserved.

  5. If Manual Mode is required, please select "Manual" from the drop down list of Basic->RC->Control
          Mode Switch in the assistant software. Refer to the "Flying Test-> Step 1 Control Mode
          Knowledge" section of NAZA-M Quick Start Guide to get the detail about the Manual Mode.

©2013 DJI Innovations. All Rights Reserved.  3|
A4 Changing the Control Mode of the Transmitter                                                                                  The following figure shows the successful change of transmitt

You can change the operation mode of the transmitter according to the following procedures if necessary.                                                                                 Mode1
The operation mode of Mode1 and Mode2 are shown as below.
Make sure to carry out the A5 Transmitter Calibration, if the Control Mode of the Transmitter is changed.                          ©2013 DJI Innovations. All Rights Reserved.

                                                 Mode1: Throttle, it cannot hold the central position when released.
                                                                    Roll, it can return to the central position when released.
                                                                    Pitch, it can return to the central position when released.
                                                                    Yaw, it can return to the central position when released.

                      Model2:                Throttle, it cannot hold the central position when released.
                                              Roll, it can return to the central position when released.

                                             Pitch, it can return to the central position when released.
                                             Yaw, it can return to the central position when released.

1. Remove the right Throttle Ratchet plate and the Ratchet Nut. Assemble the Ratchet Nut to the Nut Hole

Location and fix the Throttle Ratchet onto the Ratchet Nut and the Screw Hole Location. Adjust the

screw height of the Throttle Support to change the tension, so as to give you the required operating feel.

2. Remove the left Centering Unit and the Centering Spring. Assemble them to the corresponding position

of the Right part (Close to the middle location of the transmitter). Then adjust the height of the Adjusting

Screw, so as to give you the required operating feel. (Note: Be careful not to excessively tension the

spring when moving and fixing, to avoid damage.)

Exchange the connectors of Channel 2 AIN2 and Channel 3 (AIN3). (Note: Take care about the

connector direction.

                                             Mode2

                                                    NO. Name
                                                     1 Screw Hole Location
                                                     2 Centering Unit
                                                     3 Adjusting Screw
                                                     4 Ratchet Nut
                                                     5 Throttle Ratchet
                                                     6 3rd Channel
                                                     7 2nd Channel
                                                     8 Centering Spring
                                                     9 Nut Hole Loc tion

©2013 DJI Innovations. All Rights Reserved.                                                 5|
A5 Transmitter Calibration                                                                                             A6 Mount Camera and Camera Fra

If the control mode of the transmitter is changed or calibration has not been carried out for a long time,             Please mount the Camera and Camera Frame if necessary.
transmitter calibration is necessary.                                                                                     1 Mount the Camera to the Camera Frame

CL Course Lock                                                                                                            2 Mount the Camera and Camera Frame to the aircraft
HL Home Lock                                                                                                           Make sure to use the dedicated cross screws of the type M3.0
                                                                                                                       battery by passing through the battery compartment and could
          Set the switch S2 at the OFF position, and the switch S1 at the GPS position
          Push the Throttle stick to the top position, and push the Pitch stick to the top position. Keep the Pitch
          stick at the top position manually since it can return to the central position when released.
   3. Turn on the Power Switch of the transmitter, you should hear the indicator sound of "Di Di Di" from
          the transmitter repeatedly. Toggle the switch S2 to the CL position, you should hear an indicator
          sound of "Di" from the transmitter, in this case, the transmitter has entered the calibration mode.
          (During this period, the Throttle stick and the Pitch stick must be kept at the top position all the time.)
          Release the Pitch stick and pull the Throttle stick to the central position. Toggle the switch S1 to the
          ATTI position; you should hear an indicator sound of "Di" from the transmitter. Then move all of the
          sticks throughout their complete range several times. After this, put the Throttle stick to the bottom
          position, and toggle the switch S2 to the HL position, you should hear an indicator sound of "Di" from
          the transmitter, in this case, the transmitter has been calibrated successfully.

©2013 DJI Innovations. All Rights Reserved.                                                                 7 | ©2013 DJI Innovations. All Rights Reserved.
A7 Intelligent Orientation Control (IOC) Flight                                                                    IOC Flying Test

Make sure to open the IOC function in the NAZA-M assistant software before using.                                  Realize an IOC flight by the following procedures.
Definition of Forward Direction: Quad -rotor will fly along this direction when you push the elevator stick.
Graphic Description                                                                                                During the       STEP1:                      STEP2: ON
                                                                                                                   same flight      Record

    Nose direction  Forward direction        Home point                    Over 10m from Home point                  Course
Before You Start
                                                                                                                       Lock

Usually, the forward direction of a flying aircraft is the same as the nose direction. By using IOC, wherever the  Switch       Record forward  Set switch S1 to GPS or
                                                                                                                   Setting          direction   ATTI position, S2 to CL
nose points, the forward direction has nothing to do with nose direction:
                                                                                                                                                           position

In course lock flying, the forward direction is the same as a recorded nose direction. See the following

figures (The red and blue arrows on the transmitter is corresponding to pitch and roll operations):                Home Lock

                                                                                                                   Switch             Record    Set switch S1 to GPS
                                                                                                                   Setting          home point  position and S2 to HL

In home lock flying, the forward direction is the same as the direction from home point to aircraft. See the                                             position
following figures (The red and blue arrows on the transmitter is corresponding to pitch and roll operations):
                                                                                                                   IOC FLYING NOTES

Method of Forward Direction & Home Point Recording                                                                  LED will blink quickly if recording is successful. LED
If you use the IOC function, please keep the Forward Direction of Course Lock Flying and the home point of          the IOC mode only when MC is ready to fly in course
Home Lock Flying in mind at any time. There are two ways to record the forward direction and the home point:        Home lock flying requires that 6 or more GPS satellite
Manually and Automatically. You may choose any one record method.                                                   10m away from the home point.
                                                                                                                    Before you do the home lock flight, you have to fly the
                    Course Lock Flight                                     Home Lock Flight                         point, and then flip the switch S2 to HL position to fly
                                                                                                                    met. If you have already toggled the switch S2 to HL
Automatically  30 seconds after you power on the    Before takeoff, the current position of the                     around home point, and this is the first time you are g
  Manually     quad-rotor.                          quad-rotor will be saved as home point when you                 flight, then if all the requirements are met, MC will cha
                                                                                                                    aircraft flies out of the 10m range around home point.
               Switch the S2 between OFF and        push the throttle stick for the first time after 6 or           When flying in Home Lock mode, if any of the followin
               CL position quickly 3 to 5 times to  more GPS satellites have been found.                            Home Lock flying and automatically enter Course Loc
               record current nose direction as                                                                     using the earlier forward direction.
               new forward direction after you      When 6 or more GPS satellites are found, you can               1. The aircraft fly's within 10m range of the home p
               power on the quad-rotor for 30s.     toggle the S2 switch between CL and HL position                2. You toggle the control mode switch to the ATTI.
               (OFF ->CL-> OFF is one time.)        quickly 3 to 5 times to record the current position            3. The GPS signal becomes bad (The GPS signal
                                                    of the quad-rotor as the new home point. (CL ->                 When the aircraft is flying in home lock mode far awa
                                                    HL -> CL is one time.)                                          toggle the IOC switch many times quickly so as to avo
                                                                                                                    intentionally knowing.
                                                                                                                    We suggest that you should know clearly which flight
                                                                                                                    know the locked forward direction or home point, befo
                                                                                                                    Continuously spinning the aircraft in flight will cause a
                                                                                                                    down the spinning, so as to have better flight perform

©2013 DJI Innovations. All Rights Reserved.                                                                   9|   ©2013 DJI Innovations. All Rights Reserved.
A8Maintenance                                                                                              2. Extension Power

1. Remove the Housing                                                                                      There is an extension power cable in the Phantom for DIY us
                                                                                                           is the same voltage as the power battery. The red cable is
1. Remove all the nuts and propellers by using the assistant wrench.                                       Make sure to keep the red cable and the grey cable separated
2. Remove the screws marked in the figure below using a Phillips Screwdriver and a Hexagon

        Screwdriver, and then remove the housing.

        Please take good care of the removed parts, for example, screws. Make sure to keep them safe and
        away from children.
        DO NOT use any thread locker, since the thread locker may corrode the shell of Phantom, may cause
        fractures.

©2013 DJI Innovations. All Rights Reserved.  11 |                                                          ©2013 DJI Innovations. All Rights Reserved.
                                                          Jaime Melgar, Realtor®, Naples FL - Section 333 Exemption Petition

 Appendix B

 SW and South, FL area Maps

Counties of Collier, Lee, Dade, and Broward
