June 23, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 11875
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­0698

Mr. Jared Nelson
Green Bee Limited
439 Wright Street, #107
Denver, CO 80228

Dear Mr. Nelson:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated March 16, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of Green Bee Limited (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption. The
exemption would allow the petitioner to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to
conduct agricultural and golf course surveys.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner are the DJI Phantom 2 and Turbo Ace Matrix-E.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
                                                                                                                 2

aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Green Bee Limited is granted an exemption from
14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c),
91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to
the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                             3

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Green Bee Limited is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom 2 and
    Turbo Ace Matrix-E when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed
    operations of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this
    exemption.

2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
    not permitted.

3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
    exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
    compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
    airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
    aircraft manufacturer.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.

    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
    electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
    must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
    required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
                                                                                                            4

    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    Government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.
                                                                                                            5

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least 5 minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.
                                                                                                            6

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

    The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
    nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
    reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
    contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.
                                                                                                                 7

 If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
 television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.

This exemption terminates on June 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.
                                    8

Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service
Enclosures
March 16, 2015

U.S. Department of Transportation
Docket Management System
1200 New Jersey Ave., SE Washington, DV 20590

Exemption Request under Section 333

Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 and 14 C.F.R. Part 11, Green
Bee Limited, the operator of a DJI Phantom II (further referred to as Phantom) and Turbo Ace Matrix-E
(further referred to as Matrix), seeks an exemption from the Federal Aviation Regulations listed below.

The requested exemption would permit Green Bee to use Matrix and Phantom which both weigh under
10 lbs for commercial agricultural and golf course surveys. With permission of the land owner the
Phantom and Matrix can perform digital surveys using an array of cameras. The Matrix can hold either a
high performance digital camera to show crop thinning, or a converted infrared camera to display NDVI
imagery. Allowing the property owner to see which crops or grass areas are improperly
photosynthesizing, before this could be done conventionally from the ground or by a horticulturalist.
The Phantom would be used primarily upon golf courses to show ball flight, and beauty of the course.
This is normally done via helicopter at the expense of land owner nearby. Use of these UAS, reduces the
need to operate conventional aircraft for the same purpose and provides these services at a fraction of
the cost to the land owners. This not only beneficial for the environment, but also reduces low
elevation noise pollution.
Operations under the exemption will be subject to strict operating requirements and conditions to
ensure at least an equivalent level of safety to currently authorized operations using manned aircraft
and under conditions as may be modified by the FAA as required by Section 333.
As described more fully below, the requested exemption would authorize commercial operations of
aerial surveys using the Phantom and Matrix, at no more than 10 lbs is small in size. The Phantom and
Matrix will be operated under controlled conditions at low altitude in airspace that is limited in scope, as
described more fully herein; it will have automated control features, as described below. The Phantom
and Matrix also will be operated by myself (commercial pilot certificate number 3310807). Finally, the
airspace in which the UAS will operate will be disclosed to the FAA in advance.
Green Bee respectfully submits that because these small, unmanned aerial vehicles will be used in lieu
of comparatively hazardous operations now conducted with fixed wing and rotary conventional aircraft,
the FAA can have confidence that the operations will achieve at least an equivalent level or greater level
of safety. Approval of this exemption would thereby enhance safety and fulfill the Secretary of
Transportation's (the FAA Administrator's) responsibilities under Section 333(c) of the Reform Act to
"establish requirements for the safe operation of such aircraft systems in the national airspace system."
The name and address of the applicant are:

Green Bee Limited
Jared A Nelson
720-289-8494
greenbee@greenbeeuav.com
439 Wright St #107
Denver, CO 80228

The regulations from which the exemption is requested are as follows:
14 C.F.R. Part 21;
14 C.F.R. 45.23(b);
14 C.F.R. 91.7(b);
14 C.F.R. 91.9(b)(2);
14 C.F.R. 91.109(a);
14 C.F.R. 91.119;
14 C.F.R. 91.151(a);
14 C.F.R. 91.203(a) & (b);
14 C.F.R. 91.405(a);
14 C.F.R. 91.407(a)(1);
14 C.F.R. 91.409(a)(2);
14 C.F.R. 91.417(a).

Green Bee submits that grant of this exemption application for use of the Phantom and Matrix in
precision aerial surveys will advance the Congressional mandate in Section 333 of the Reform Act to
accelerate the introduction of UASs into the national airspace system ("NAS") if it can be accomplished
safely. This law directs the Secretary of Transportation to consider whether certain UASs may operate
safely in the NAS before completion of the rulemaking required under Section 332 of the Reform Act. In
making this determination, the Secretary is required to determine which types of UASs do not create a
hazard to users of the NAS or the public or pose a threat to national security in light of the following:
The UAS's size, weight, speed, and operational capability;
Operation of the UAS in close proximity to airports and populated areas;
Operation of the UAS within visual line of sight of the operator.

Reform Act § 333(a)(1). If the Secretary determines that such vehicles "may operate safely in the
national airspace system, the Secretary shall establish requirements for the safe operation of such
aircraft in the national airspace system." Id. §333(c).
The Federal Aviation Act expressly grants the FAA the authority to issue exemptions. This statutory
authority, by its terms, includes exempting civil aircraft, as the term is defined under §40101 of the Act,
from the requirement that all civil aircraft must have a current airworthiness certificate and those
regulations requiring commercial pilots to operate aircraft in commercial service:

  The Administrator may grant an exemption from a requirement of a regulation prescribed under
subsection (a) or (b) of this section or any of sections 44702- 44716 of this title if the Administrator finds
the exemption is in the public interest.
The grant of the requested exemption is in the public interest based on the clear direction in Section 333
of the Reform Act; the additional authority in the Federal Aviation Act, as amended; the strong
equivalent level of safety surrounding the proposed operations; and the significant public benefit,
including enhanced safety and cost savings associated with transitioning to UASs for aerial survey
photography. Accordingly, the applicant respectfully requests that the FAA grant the requested
exemption without delay.

Operating Conditions
Grant of the exemption to Digital Harvest will be subject to the following mandatory conditions, which
are based upon operating conditions set forth for operation of UAS by public entities pursuant to
Certificates of Authorization, with additional restrictions:

    - All operations to occur in Class G airspace
    - Operations to avoid congested or populated areas, which are depicted in yellow on VFR charts

         nor will operations be conducted on a golf course while people are present upon it
    - Operations to be conducted over private or controlled-access property
    - Permission from land owner/controller required before commencing any flight
    - Operations to occur during Visual Flight Rules Meteorological Conditions (VMC) - Aircraft to

         remain within Visual Line of Sight (VLOS) o VLOS guaranteed with a cylinder of operation around
         operator of ½ nautical miles (NM) o Cylinder walls may be expanded by additional observer's
         ability to deconflict airspace
    - Operations to occur during daylight hours
    - Above Ground Level (AGL) altitude to be restricted to 400 feet
    - All operations conducted in vicinity of airport to remain more than 2.5 NM from centerline
         azimuth of runway centerline measured from runway thresholds
    - Operator (myself) will file a NOTAM for each flight
    - All required permissions and permits will be obtained from territorial, state, county or city
         jurisdictions, including local law enforcement, fire, or other appropriate governmental agencies
Operator and Fail Safes
Myself (Jared Nelson) will be the only operator.
Both the Matrix and Phantom run on DJI control systems, that will always be used in the fail safe mode.
The fail safe mode ensures that when there is a low voltage scenario, or when loss of radio
communication takes place the UAV will return to its point of takeoff and land. Both systems have been
tested for this and work properly.
Both the Matrix and Phantom have a GPS position hold installed in them. If for any reason the operator
stops inputting direction into the controller the UAV will hold its position until further input is provided.
Insuring the aircraft will not fly away from its desired position.
Before each flight the operator will conduct preflight assessment of the UAV, using a preflight check list.
Ensuring that:
-proper authorities have been contacted and made aware of operations
-all screws and bolts are tight on the body of the UAV
-all motors and rotors are secure and rotating properly
-landing gear is stable
-cameras and gimbals are secure and working properly
-rotor arms are secure and properly in place
-GPS signal is secured
-compass, location, and altimeter are properly functioning
After lift off:
-GPS hold position is working properly
-all controls in all directions are working
-gimbal is still working
-FPV monitor is working without interference

In summary, I seek an exemption from the FARs set forth above to allow commercial operations of a
small unmanned vehicle conducting precision aerial surveys.
Approval of the exemption allowing commercial operations of the Phantom and Matrix for precision
survey work will enhance safety by reducing risk. Conventional aerial survey operations, using jet or
piston-powered aircraft present risks associated with vehicles that weigh in the neighborhood of 5,000
to 7,000 lbs, carry large quantities of fuel, passengers, and, in some cases, cargo. Such aircraft must fly
to and from the survey location. In contrast, the Phantom and Matrix both weighing no more than 10 lbs
and powered by batteries eliminates a portion of that risk given the reduced mass and lack of
combustible fuel carried on board. The Phantom and Matrix are carried to the survey location, not flown
there. The Phantom and Matrix will carry no passengers or crew and, therefore, will not expose any
individuals to the risks associated with manned aircraft flights.
Additionally, no national security issue is raised by the grant of the requested exemptions. Given the
size, load carrying capacity, speed at which it operates, and the fact that it carries no explosives or other
dangerous materials, the Super Swiper poses no threat to national security.
The Phantom and matrix satisfaction of the criteria set forth in Section 333 of the Reform Act-- size,
weight, speed, operating capabilities, lack of proximity to airports and populated areas, operation within
visual line of sight, and national security, provide more than adequate justification for the grant of the
requested exemptions allowing commercial operation of the Phantom and Matrix in the commercial
precision agriculture and golf course business.

Thank you,
Jared Nelson
Pilot/Owner Green Bee Limited
539 Wright St #107
Denver, CO 80228
720-289-8494
greenbee@greenbeeuav.com

Matrix Description and Specifications:
 Advanced Matrix-E Quadcopter System
 Futaba 14SG Transmitter + R7008SB Bidirectional Receiver + Voltage

    Sensor
 4x 15" T-Motor Precision Propellers
 2x Structural Beams
 C4 Vibration Isolation Deck
 Gyrox-5R Brushless Gimbal for Sony NEX-5R/5N/6/7 Cameras (Gimbal is

    balanced for the NEX 5R Camera & 16mm Prime Lense. Camera & lense are
    not included.)
     CCD Camera & H1 Vibration Isolation Plate for FPV Piloting
     iOSD Mark II integration for Switchable Live Video Feed
     FPV 8" Monitor with Sunscreen + Battery + Mounting Bracket for

         Transmitter
     FPV Video Transmitter + Video Receiver + Cables + Converter for Sony

         NEX-5R/5N/6/7
     Foldable Arms with Convert-able Sport Mounting Position
     Foldable & Adjustable Landing Skids
     Foldable GPS Compass with Anti-Slip Bracket
     Naza-M V2 Flight Controller + PMU (Power Management Unit) + GPS

         System (Functions listed on the next line.)
     GPS-Lock, Return-to-Home, Course-Lock, Home-Lock
     4x Dynamically Balanced Brushless Motors
     4x 40A ESCs with Cooling Algorithm
     4x 15" Ultra Stiff Carbon Fiber Propellers
     8,000mAh 25C 6S (22.2V) LiPo Batteries for Turbo Ace Matrix
     B601 Professional Programmable Wall Charger
     User Instruction Manual in Flash Drive

MATRIX PACKAGE FEATURES & OPTIONS

     Triple Deck Carbon Fiber Architecture
     C4 Vibration Isolation Deck to eliminate jello effect on videos
     Foldable Arms that locks into portable or operating positions
     Naza-M Lite, Naza-M V2 & WooKong Flight Controller Selection
     GPS & Compass Functions include GPS-Lock, Home-Lock, Course-Lock &

         Return-to-Home
     Brushless Gimbal for gyro based auto-stabilization or Hard Mount with

         Vibration Isolation Options
     Centrally Located Rotation for camera & gimbal auto-stabilization

         eliminates the pendulum effect
     42mm Brushless Motors dynamically balanced to minimize vibrations
     40amp ESCs with Cooling Algorithm overspecced to support extended

         high torque operations
     15inch Extra Heavy Duty Carbon Fiber Propellers to resist flexing and

         warping under heavier payloads
     2.4GHz Standard & Long Range Walkera, Spektrum & Futaba Transmitters,

         Receivers & Telemetry
     Multiple Battery Mounting Positions on both top or bottom of main frame
     Single 8,000 & 10,000mah 6S (22.2V) LiPo Battery Options
     B601 or Quattro Professional Wall Charger Options
     Adjustable Landing Skid for a variety of surfaces
     Foldable GPS Compass with Locking Bracket for consistent alignment
     Adjustable Arms Mounting Position for aggressive forward sports flight
     FPV Live Feed Video available for a selection of cameras
     Flash Memory with detailed instructions
     Heavy Duty Aluminum Carrying Case will be available to fit Matrix,

         transmitter, gimbal & more.
     Training Package Options including small crash resistant quadcopters &

         flight simulators

MATRIX-E SPECIFICATION

     Dimensions Wingspan (including propellers): Diagonal=1160mm,
         Front=1040mm, Back=980mm

     Dimensions Operating Position (including propellers): W=840mm,
         L=790mm, H=130mm

     Dimensions Folded Position (including propellers): W=295mm, L=830mm,
         H=110mm

     Dimensions Motor to Motor: Diagonal=780mm
     Maximum Payload Capacity: Gimbal+Camera+Accessories=3.5LB,

         Gimbal+Camera+Accessories+8000mah Battery=6.2LB
     Maximum Optimal Payload Capacity:

         Gimbal+Camera+Asscessories=2.5LB,
         Gimbal+Camera+Accessories+8000mah Battery=5.2LB
     Matrix Weight without Payload/Battery: 4.8LB
     Typical Operating Weight with Hero3: Matrix+Gyrox-3+VTX& Power
         (5.33LB)+ Hero3 (.17LB) +VTX+8,000mah Battery (2.5LB) = 8LB
     Typical Operating Weight with Sony NEX 5R: Matrix-E+Gyrox-
         5R+VTX&Power (5.5LB) + NEX-5R+Lense (1LB), 8,000mah Battery (2.5LB) =
         Total: 10LB
     Motors: Diameter=42mm, Height=35mm
     ESC: 40amp
     Propellers: 2xCW & 2xCCW, 15" Extra Robust Carbon Fiber Constructions,
         Dual Position Mount
     Battery Recommended: 8,000mah 6S (22.2V) 25C
     Flight Time: Matrix + 10,000mah Battery = 35min
     Flight Time: Matrix + 8,000mah Battery + Vibration Isolation Carbon Plates
         + Hero3 = 30min
     Flight Time: Matrix-S + 8,000mah Battery + Brushless Gyrox3 Gimbal +
         Hero3 = 22-25min
     Flight Time: Matrix-E + 8,000mah Battery + Brushless Gyrox5R Gimbal &
         Sony NEX-5R = 12-15min
     Transmitter & Receiver Recommendation: 2.4GHz, Minimum 6-Channels,
         Optimal 7-Channels or more
     Standard Distance Operations: 300 to 500 feet (Using Walkera Devo 10 &
         Most Other Name Brand Transmitters)
     Long Distance Operations: 4,224 feet (.8miles) to 6,336 feet (1.2miles)
         (Using Spektrum DX8/DX18 & Futaba 14SG)
     FPV Recommendation: 5.8GHz Video Transmitter & Video Receiver +
         Monitor or Goggles

     Wind Tolerance: Class 5
     Aluminum Case Dimensions: L=935mm, W=410mm, H=145mm

CULMINATION OF INNOVATION, EXPERIENCE & EXECUTION

Leapfrogging quadcopter records with ease, the sporty new Matrix is crushing all
competitions with its super sized wingspan. Yet, it folds down nicely to fit in a
professional aluminum case along with the transmitter radio. Matrix's super efficient 6-
cell system powers 4 muscular 42mm brushless motors driving 15" carbon fiber
propellers for unparalleled lifting capacity and stability. Conceptualized by master FPV
pilots, Matrix is a quadcopter designed for rather than adapted to carrying cameras. To
satisfy an almost insurmountable list of high expectations, Turbo Ace engineers set out
on a journey of innovation and discovery. Applying more than 85 years of combined
helicopter and multi-rotor expertise between our master pilot group, engineers and
designers, the Matrix represents an ultimate breakthrough in quadcopter engineering
and optimization. To search for the ultimate mix of performance and durability, Turbo
Ace developers matched up countless motors, ESCs and propellers combinations
followed by series of unrelenting updates and test flights. From planning and
implementing the best components on a foldable structure, setting and meeting new
milestones in flight time and payload, to executing crucial requirements for flight and
camera stabilization, the Turbo Ace Matrix is truly a quadcopter beyond its time.

UNPRECEDENTED PAYLOAD & FLIGHT TIME

Matrix's big breakthrough is a 25-minute flight time carrying the #1 selling GoPro Hero3
stabilized on the ultra fast 2-axis brushless Gyrox3 gimbal. Cutting out the gimbal but
keeping the Hero3 on a vibration isolation plate will extend Matrix flight time beyond the
amazing 30min threshold. Despite many unrealistic claims, the closest competition
offers less than half the flight time. At about 3 times the size of a mid-sized quadcopter,
heavier payloads exert disproportionatelly less impact on Matrix flight time than smaller
quadcopter flight time. Without exception, even the top selling mid-sized quadcopters
with 8" to 10" propellers will max out at 5-6 minutes with Hero3 and gimbal onboard. It's
common for both vendors and end users to exaggerate or manipulate payload and flight
time by gutting critical components inside quadcopters and cameras.

IDEAL UNOBSTRUCTED AUTO-STABILIZED CAMERA/GIMBAL
LOCATION

Tired of propellers and landing skids framing your video? The Matrix's nose offers an
ideal location with unobstructed view - no propellers even in wide angle videos, no skid
landing when pointed down and no more annoying propellers shadows on the lenses.
Although these are nagging issues, there are even more crucial factors in achieving
stability. Because traditionally mounted cameras are about 8 inches below the main
hub, a quadcopter's roll causes the camera to swing like a pendulum. Although a good
gimbal is able to compensate for the roll axis movement, it's unable to address the
horizontal movement that causes a video to shift from side to side as if a skater is
holding the camera. By moving the gimbal and camera up to the level of the propellers,
the Matrix design has basically eliminated the pendulum effect. Last but not least,
gimbals are only as stable as the foundation they are mounted on. Bypassing the weight
and slack of unstable undermounted gimbal platforms, Matrix's gimbal is mounted
directly on the main frame to prevent oscillation from surfacing.

TRIPLE CARBON FIBER DECK FOR COMPREHENSIVE & VERSATILE
INTEGRATION

In housing and supporting an extensive list of stock and upgrade components on a
super-scaled quadcopter, Matrix's triple decked carbon fiber structure is extremely
strong and versatile. Four foldable arms which double as supporting beams are
securely sandwiched between the lower decks along with multiple ventilated ESC
positions. The middle deck houses and protects all critical electronic components such
as the flight controller, the GPS, LED and other optional systems. Versatile Battery and
ESC mounting positions allows the operator to shift CG (center of gravity) upward,
downward, forward and backward to accommodate a wide variety of payloads and flight
characteristics. Mount the battery below the lower deck for more stable flights or move
the battery to the upper deck to increase maneuverability. And to counter balance
different camera payloads, you can shift the battery, ESCs and arms into optimal
positions for proper CG.

ADDITIONAL C4 VIBRATION ISOLATION DECK TO ELIMINATE JELLO
EFFECTS ON VIDEOS

High frequency vibration on cameras is the principal cause of jello effects on videos.
Implemented on a vast scale, Matrix's C4 vibration isolation deck offers a
comprehensive anti-vibration solution for gimbal, camera and flight controller. In
contrast to skimpy isolation plates, rubber bands or balls, Matrix's C4 vibration
roadblock encompasses the entire surface and mass of the upper decks including the
weight of a top mounted battery to neutralize vibrations. By including an extra layer of
vibration dampening for the flight controller, Matrix is also preserving a common practice
amongst professional pilots. A flight controller's sensitive gyro system can often
misinterpretate vibrations as part of an aircraft movement, leading to adjustments and
counter adjustments that generates more vibrations. By addressing the cause and effect
of vibrations, the Matrix platform offers the epitome of production quality videos without
the risk and disappointment of software stabilization.

FOLDS AND FITS NEATLY INTO A CARRY-ON SIZED ALUMINUM CASE

No more awkward quadcopter with protruding arms and propellers to lug around. Unlike
typical folding mechanisms, the Matrix's arms and landing skids are designed to lock
into folded or operating positions so you don't have to sacrifice structural integrity for
portability. Implementations of slotted tracks enable fast and secured transitions without
the risk losing any hardware. For a day out in the park or a hiking trip, you can retract
the arms and skids to reduce the footprint. And for traveling, foldable antenna enable
the Matrix and the transmitter to slip comfortably into a professional aluminum case
without dismounting the propellers and gimbal. Upon arrival at the flight location the
operator can adjust the landing skid height to accommodate rougher terrain. An optional
aluminum case even includes cutouts for transmitter, batteries, spare parts & tools. Who
knows, you might have a trip planned for Europe and the very versatile Matrix can make
a great companion as a carry-on.

DYNAMICALLY BALANCED MOTORS & OVER-SPECCED ESCS

For exceptionally smooth flights, Matrix super muscular 42mm brushless motors are
dynamical balanced. Since brushless motors are hand wound, the mass center is
usually not in alignment with the mechanical center. Using advanced electronic
balancing instruments, our factory spins up each motor then make proper adjustment to
bring the mass center into alignment. Then to control and power the motors, Matrix 40A
ESCs feature advanced multi-rotor algorithms which offers better performance and
reliability than generic helicopter algorithms. Over-specced to sustain unrestrained
amperage in higher torque for acceleration, extreme maneuvers and bigger payloads,
Matrix is engineered to operating below capacity, so mechanical and electronic
components stay relatively cooler even with consecutive flights.

STIFFER & THICKER DOUBLE-POINT MOUNTED 15" CARBON
PROPELLERS

No propellers are created equal. 15" Matrix robust carbon fiber propellers are sculpted
with extra thick mid-section to resists flex then tapers to efficient blades to cut through
the air with minimal resistance. Traditional circular mounts are accidents waiting to
happen because the force of rotating propellers will eventually unscrew the crown nuts
during flight. Integrated double point mounts on Matrix motors and propellers eliminate
this possibility and at the same time improve tracking precision because the propellers
are forced to sit flat against the top of the motors. Another benefit of a flat mount is that
there are no vulnerable protruding motor shafts. Slight deviations in traditional circular
mounting holes or protruding motor shafts are extremely difficult to detect which magnify
pitch and tracking variances, a major cause of vibrations and unstable flights. Since
end-users are often required to purchase and mount propellers, Matrix's new hassle
free mounting configuration is implemented to prevent vibration issues from surfacing.

SELECTABLE MANUAL, ATTITUDE & GPS FLIGHT MODES

A 3-positioned switch is setup on Matrix' transmitter for pilot to select between 3
different flight modes. (1) With Manual Flight Mode, the absence of Gyro assisted flight
makes it very difficult for the Pilot to stabilize and maneuver the quadcopter. (2) For 3-
axis gyro auto-stabilized flight, the Attitude Flight Mode will automatically keep the
Matrix in a leveled and sustainable flight thus enabling the pilot to focus on maneuvering
the quadcopter. (3) Finally, the GPS Flight Mode is the most often used mode because
it combines the benefit of 3-axis gyro auto-stabilized flight with 4 advanced GPS based
functions described below.

GPS-LOCK & RETURN-TO-HOME

Under GPS Flight Mode, (1) one of the most utilized GPS based functions is the GPS-
Lock function. Simply release the cyclic stick and allow it to spring to the middle of the
control and the Matrix will be locked into a fixed GPS location (longitude-lock and
latitude-lock) with a tolerance of 3 to 5 feet radius. Another similar function from the
Matrix flight controller, the Barometric-Lock can be activated by moving the throttle stick
to the middle of the control and the Matrix will be locked into a fixed elevation (altitude-
lock). A hands-free hover modes is established when the pilot activates both the GPS-
Lock and the Barometric-Lock simultaneously and the flight controller takes over. Either
lock may also be used independently to hover in a fixed GPS coordinate with pilot
controlled elevation or the longitude/latitude. By relinquishing controls to these auto-
hover modes, the pilot can better focus on monitoring the video and controlling the
camera. (2) Another popular GPS function is the Return-to-Home feature, a
preprogrammed failsafe function that's automatically triggered by lose of remote control
signals. Upon activation, the quadcopter will hover in place for a couple of seconds
before elevating to a preprogrammed height and return to the home position for an
automated landing sequence.

GPS BASED COURSE-LOCK & HOME-LOCK

Under GPS Flight Mode, there is dedicated 3-positioned carefree mode switch set up to
access (3) Course-Lock, a compass based carefree mode that remembers the initial
take-off direction of the flight which is used to consistently orient the quadcopter. Under
Course-Lock, the transmitter radio must remain in the initial take-off direction until it's
reset or until the quadcopter lands. For example, with the transmitter pointed in the
eastward direction, a quadcopter takes off in eastward heading orientation then turns
towards a northward heading. Without Course-Lock, a transmitter cyclic (directional)
stick moved up towards the east will cause the quadcopter to head northward. Under
Course-Lock, a cyclic stick moved up towards the east will cause the quadcopter to
head eastward which is consistent with the initial take-off direction. In fact, by keeping
the transmitter pointed in the initial eastward take-off direction, the cyclic stick direction
will always correspond to the direction of the quadcopter no matter how the heading has
changed. At any time the pilot may reset the initial direction by flipping the Carefree
Mode Switch in and out of Course-Lock. (4) Lastly, there is another similar carefree
mode with a twist. Home-Lock, a home coordinate based carefree mode is very similar
to Course-Lock. The difference is that Home-Lock uses the home location as the
consistent tail-in orientation for the entire flight. While this allows the pilot to constantly
turn and follow the quadcopter, the pilot should not move away from the home location.
And because GPS has a tolerance of 3-5 feet, Home-Lock is less precise than Course-
Lock. However, as the quadcopter gains more distance from the home position the
precision improves dramatically. This is why Home-Lock will not and cannot be
activated within a 30-feet circle from the home position. To use Home-Lock, the pilot
usually maintains a tail-in orientation until the quadcopter is well beyond the 30-feet
circle before assuming that Home-Lock has activated. At this point the pilot can
constantly turn and point the transmitter at the quadcopter and the cyclic stick will
always correspond directly to the quadcopter's direction. To bring the quadcopter back,
the pilot simply pulls the cyclic towards himself - basically a manual controlled return-to-
home function. Special caution is required when the quadcopter approaches the 30-feet
circle because Home-Lock will automatically switch to Course-Lock. If the quadcopter
enters the 30-feet circle from the initial take-off direction so that Home-Lock is equal to
Course-Lock the pilot can assume that the quadcopter is under Course-Lock until the
quadcopter lands. In summary, an experienced pilot uses the "Normal" flight mode
because no help is required from GPS. Both Course-Lock & Home-Lock carefree flight
modes enable the operator to pilot the quadcopter without keeping track of the
quadcopter's tail position. This is especially useful if a less experienced pilot is rotating
the quadcopter to pan the video. There is much less confusion for beginner pilots to
stick with either "Normal" mode or use GPS assisted Course-Lock. Home-Lock is
usually reserved for longer distance within-the-line-of-sight flight because it's a bit
confusing to operate when it approaches the home position.

ULTRA DURABLE & MAINTENANCE FRIENDLY

All Matrix material and components are selected and built for reliability and durability.
Premium carbon fiber is utilized in the main frame for its rigidity and light-weight
properties. Wear resistant CNC aluminum is utilized in screw-mounted joints, brackets
and posts. Tough Japanese bearings are implemented to guard against higher
temperatures. Then for continued maintenance, Matrix is based on a modularized
design with strategically placed high tensile strength connectors so it's extremely easy
and cost effective to maintain and operate. With minimal disassembly, components can
be independently removed and replaced to diagnose and repair problems. As with all
Turbo Ace production models, well stocked Matrix parts and upgrades are
manufactured in larger volumes and savings are passed on to end-users. Operators are
encouraged to keep some backup parts such as spare propellers, screws and batteries
for replacement. Complimentary Turbo Ace videos are available online to assist
operators in maintaining and upgrading the Matrix.

EXPANDABILITY WITH OPEN ARCHITECTURE & UPDATABLE ONLINE
FIRMWARE

Catering to research professionals and avid hobbyists, the Matrix welcomes a full
spectrum of specialized modifications. An open architecture supports unparalleled
flexibility for arm and frame extensions, variable motor mount options and ample space
for peripheral integration. To get a head start on more advanced integrations, you can
get an upgrade from the DJI Naza-M Lite to either the Naza-M V2 or WooKong flight
controllers that are all supported with continued online updatable firmware. Multiple
adjustable mounting positions are pre-drilled to accommodate third party gimbal
integration.

FLIGHT CONTROLLER OPTIONS & SPECIFICATION
DJI NAZA-M LITE MULTI-ROTOR STABILIZATION CONTROLLER

     Support Multi-Rotor: Quad-Rotor I4, X4/ Hex-Rotor I6, X6, IY6, Y6
     Supported ESC Output: 400Hz Refresh Frequency
     Recommended Transmitter: PCM or 2.4GHz with minimum 4 channels
     Working Voltage Range: MC: 4.8V~5.5V
     Power Consumption: MAX 1.5W (0.3A@5V), Normal: 0.6W (0.12A@5V)
     Operating Temperature: -10 ~ 50 degree Celsius
     Assistant Software System Requirement: Windows XP sp3 / Windows 7 /

         Windows 8
     Maximum Yaw Angular Velocity: 200 Degree/Sec
     Maximum Tilt Angle: 45 Degree
     Ascent / Descent: +-6m/Sec
     MC: 25g
     GPS/Compass: 21.3g
     VU: 20g
     Dimensions: MC: 45.5mm x 31.5mm x 18.5mm, GPS/Compass 46mm (diameter)

         x 9mm, VU 32.2mm x 21.1mm x 7.7mm
     Built-in Functions: Three Modes Auto-pilot, Enhanced Failsafe, Low Voltage

         Protection, S-Bus Receiver Support, PPM Receiver Support, 2-Axis Gimbal
         Support
DJI NAZA-M V2 MULTI-ROTOR STABILIZATION CONTROLLER

     Support Multi-Rotor: Quad-Rotor I4, X4/ Hex-Rotor I6, X6, IY6, Y6/
         Octo-rotor I8V8X8

     Supported ESC Output: 400Hz Refresh Frequency
     Recommended Transmitter: PCM or 2.4GHz with minimum 4 channels
     Working Voltage Range: MC: 4.8V~5.5V
     Working Voltage Range: PMU input: 7.4V to 26.0V (recommend 2S to 6S Lipo)
     Power Consumption: MAX 3.15W (0.25A@12.6V), Normal: 1.638W

         (0.13A@12.6V)
     Operating Temperature: -10 ~ 50 degree Celsius
     Assistant Software System Requirement: Windows XP sp3 / Windows 7 /

         Windows 8
     Maximum Yaw Angular Velocity: 200/s
     Maximum Tilt Angle: 45
     Ascent / Descent: +-6m/s
     MC: 27g
     GPS/Compass: 27g
     PMU: 28g
     LED: 13g
     Dimensions: MC: 45.5mm x 32.5mm x 18.5mm, GPS/Compass 46mm (diameter)

         x 10mm, PMU 39.5mm x 27.5mm x 10.0mm, LED 25mm x 25mm x 7.0mm
     Built-in Functions: Three Modes Auto-pilot, Enhanced Failsafe, Low Voltage

         Protection, S-Bus Receiver Support, PPM Receiver Support, 2-Axis Gimbal
         Support

DJI A2 MULTI-ROTOR STABILIZATION CONTROLLER
Based on the technology and design philosophy of DJI's Ace series of high-
performance controllers, the A2 offers you a brand new flight experience. The A2
adopts a full metal case design and utilizes high quality components precisely calibrated
with temperature compensation in all gyros and sensors, industry renowned flight
algorithm in flight control and UAV field.

Peripherals

      * Supported Multi-Rotor: Quad-Rotor: +4,x4; Hex-Rotor +6,x6,Y6,Rev Y6; Octo-Rotor +8,x8,V8
      * Supported ESC Output: 400Hz refresh frequency
      * Supported Transmitter for Built-in Receiver: Futaba FASST Series and DJI DESST Series
      * Supported External Receiver: Futaba S-Bus, S-Bus2, DSM2
      * Recommended Battery: 2S ~ 6S LiPo
      * Operating Temperature: -5°C to +60°C
      * Assistant Software System Requirement: Windows XP SP3 / 7 /8 (32 or 64 bit)
      * Other DJI Products Supported: Z15,H3-2D,iOSD,2.4G Data Link,S800 EVO

Flight Performance

      * Hovering Accuracy (In GPS Mode): Vertical: ± 0.5m; Horizontal: ± 1.5m
      * Max Yaw Angular Velocity: 150 deg/s
      * Max Tilt Angle: 35°

Electrical & Mechanical

      * Power Consumption: MAX 5W (Typical Value: 0.3A@12.5V
      * Built-In Functions: Built-in Receiver; Multiple Control Modes; 2-axis Gimbal Supported; Low Voltage

            Protection; PC & Bluetooth Ground Station
      * Built-In Functions: External Receiver Supported; Intelligent Orientation Control; Sound Alarm; 4

            Configurable Output
      * Total Weight: Total Weight: <= 224g(overall)
      * Flight Controller Dimensions: 54mm x 39mm x 14.9mm
      * IMU Dimensions: 41.3mm x 30.5mm x 26.3mm
      * GPS-Compass Pro Dimensions: 62mm (diameter) x 14.3mm
      * LED-BTU-I Dimensions: 30mm x 30mm x 7.9mm
      * PMU Dimensions: 39.5mm x 27.6mm x 9.8mm

CAMERAS

Aerial camera mounted under quadcopter serves two main purposes. (1) First and
foremost, cameras are used for the purpose of recording videos or taking still
photographs. Preferably, a DSLR camera is mounted on an auto-stabilized gyro based
gimbal (camera mount) to stabilize the camera's horizon. (2) For more experienced
pilots, a camera can be used for the purpose of piloting the quadcopter from the point of
view of the camera aka FPV (first-person-view) piloting. If the camera is either mounted
directly on the quadcopter without stabilization so the pilot can experience the tilt (pitch)
& roll of the hexacopter. If the camera is auto-stabilized, OSD (on-screen-display) may
be required to overlay artificial horizon and flight status on live feed video.

VIBRATION ISOLATION MOUNT & AUTO-STABILIZED CAMERA
MOUNTS ON MATRIX

Employing vibration isolation mount for camera can significantly dampen high frequency
vibrations to prevent rolling shutter & jello effects on videos. And for more professional
applications, we can optionally add gyro based camera mounts to automatically stabilize
cameras to accommodate quadcopter's tilt & roll movements to maintain a leveled video
horizon. To control the camera's aim, a dial switch on the transmitter radio enables the
pilot to tilt the camera up or down. With the freedom to maneuver and turn the
quadcopter from different perspectives, heights and angles, one can achieve an endless
variety of high quality shots and videos.

H3 Vibration Isolation Mount

     Vibrations Dampening (for GoPro Hero2/3 & other small cameras)
     GoPro Tripod Mount & Tripod Screw
     Super Light Weight Configuration Enables Dual Battery Setup for Extended Flight

         Time

Gyrox-3 Brushless 2-Axis Gimbal

     Super Fast Auto-Stabilized Roll-Axis
     Super Fast Pilot Controlled & Auto-Stabilized Tilt-Axis
     Expanded Tilt-Axis Angle Enables the Camera to Point Straight Down
     Optimized Stabilization & Mounting for GoPro Hero3 Camera Only

Gyrox-5R Brushless 2-Axis Gimbal

     Super Fast Auto-Stabilized Roll-Axis
     Super Fast Pilot Controlled & Auto-Stabilized Tilt-Axis
     Expanded Tilt-Axis Angle Enables the Camera to Point Straight Down
     Optimized Stabilization & Mounting for Sony NEX-5R/5N/6/7 Cameras

FPV Live Feed Video

Live feed video enables the pilot or cameraman to see real time videos from the
camera's point of view which is synonymous to FPV (first-person-view). In contrast to
slower and shorter distanced WiFi video streaming on cameras, aerial FPV requires
much longer distance transmission without visible delay. A video transmitter is usually
attached to a camera's video-out port transmits the video signals. A matching video
receiver located next to the pilot or cameraman receives the video signal that is then
plugged into a monitor's video-in port for displaying the video. There are 2 main
purposes for aerial FPV. (1) To enable pilot/cameraman to see and frame videos or still
shots by adjusting the gimbal and/or the quadcopters location and orientation. (2) To
enable pilot to see and fly from the point of view of the camera (view from the cockpit). If
a camera is hard mounted without auto-stabilization, the video will reflect the tilt (pitch)
and roll of the quadcopter. If a camera is auto-stabilized on a gimbal, an OSD (on-
screen-display) may be implemented to overlay artificial horizon and flight data on the
auto-stabilized video that does not reflect the tilt and roll of hexacopter.

FPV From 600TVL Camera

     Lighter TVL camera is easy to set up and promotes longer flight time.
     Composite video output & standardized plug enable simple connection to video

         transmitter.
     Hard mounted on the Hexacopter, TVL camera can be used for FPV piloting &

         surveillance.
     Mounted on under or above the gimbal, TVL camera can be aligned with DSLR

         camera for framing your videos and stills.

FPV From Hero3 or HD Camera

     You can see exactly what the Hero3 or HD camera is capturing for framing your
         video and stills.

     Special cable connector is provided for video transmitter to plug into the Hero3 or
         HD camera's video out port

     Examples of cameras supported: Hero3 & Sony NEX 5N/6N/7N
STANDARD & LONG DISTANCE TRANSMITTERS FOR MATRIX

Due to safety and equipment concerns, transmitter reliability is crucial in professional
quadcopter operations. Without an established standard of verification, it's common
place for transmitter brands to overstate operating distance by discounting the
importance of reliability. A typical transmitter spec for 2,000 feet range may only be
reliable 80% of the time and you can easily lost your equipment in several flights at 300
feet. Only extensive field testing over several months - not biased reviews based on
several test flights - are true indicators of consistently reliable operating range.

Walkera F7 Transmitter

     2.4GHz Transmitter with 7 Channels
     RX701 Receiver with 7 Channels
     Telemetry Installed for Updated Flight Battery Status to Trigger Low Battery

         Alarm
     Standard Distance of 300-500 Feet
     Build-in 3.5" Color LCD Screen for FPV Live Video Display
     Compatible only with DV04 Camera

Futaba 14SG Long Distance Transmitter

     2.4GHz FASSTEST Transmitter with 14 Channels
     R7800SB Bi-Directional Receiver with 8 Channels (Optional: R6106HFC

         Receiver for 6 additional channels)
     S.Bus2 Bi-Directional Protocol for Additional Servos, Telemetry & Other Auxiliary

         Functions
     Telemetry Voltage Sensor Installed for Updated Flight Battery Status to Trigger

         Low Battery Alarm
     Ultra Reliable Standard & Long Distance of 1 to 1.2 Mile (Upgradable to EZUHF

         for up to 25 miles)
     Overwhelmingly Recommended by Professional RC Pilot Groups

TRANSMITTER & RECEIVER OPERATING REQUIREMENTS

Standard remote control transmitters and receivers utilized with the Matrix quadcopter
operate under FCC Part 15 (S29DEVO-10, BRWDAMTX11, AZPT14SG-24G,
S29TX5803) in either legal 2.4GHz and/or 5.8GHz frequencies. In general, advanced
quadcopters require a minimum of 7 channels under the 2.4GHz frequency range: 4
channels for piloting controls, 2 channels for the GPS and 1 channel for controlling the
tilt-axis of the gimbal. Extended distance transmitters usually employ several methods
to promote signal strength and reliability. (1) Frequency-hopping spread spectrum
(FHSS) is a method of transmitting radio signals by rapidly switching between several
frequencies to seek the least amount of traffic. (2) Dual paths diversity enable the
signals to reach two receivers or antennas mounted in different locations on the
quadcopter so the system can utilize the strongest signal path. Bi-directional
communications between transmitter and receiver can also utilize feedback signal
strength to traget the best frequencies in real time (3) In case of signal disruptions,
algorithm for ultra fast signal recovery enables the transmitter and receiver to quickly
rebind for uninterrupted operations. Products using permitted frequencies without
certification will require an amateur radio (ham) license. It is the operator's
responsibilities to ensure the use of such products meet their individual
countries' federal and local government's rules or regulations for RF devices. If
you are unsure of your government's requirement or unable to comply with them,
please do not purchase this product. Please do not alter the purchased product in
violation of said rules and regulations because Wow Hobbies cannot be held
liable for operator's misuse or modification of a legal product.

Phantom 2 Specifications:
General Features   Ready to Fly, Multifunctional Quad-rotor System
Aircraft           Customized H3-2D and H3-3D Gimbal Support
                   Precision Flight and Stable Hovering
DJI Smart Battery  25min Flight Time & Smart Battery
                   Auto Return-to-Home & Landing
                   Advanced Power Management
                   Intelligent Orientation Control (IOC)
                   Easy Battery Replacement
                   Self-tightening Propeller
                   Video Downlink Support
                   CAN-Bus Expansion Module

                   Weight (Battery & Propellers Included)

                   1000g

                   Hover Accuracy (Ready To Fly)

                   Vertical: 0.8m;
                   Horizontal: 2.5m

                   Max Yaw Angular Velocity

                   200°/s

                   Max Tilt Angle

                   35°

                   Max Ascent / Descent Speed

                   Ascent: 6m/s; Descent: 2m/s

                   Max Flight Speed

                   15m/s(Not Recommended)

                   Diagonal Length

                   350mm

                   Flight Time

                   25mins

                   Take-Off Weight

                   1300g

                   Operating Temperature

                   -10°C ~ 50°C

                   Supported Battery

                   DJI Smart Battery

                   Type
2.4GHz Remote Control  3S LiPo

                       Capacity

                       5200mAh, 11.1V

                       Charging Environment Range

                       0 to 40

                       Discharging Environment Range

                       -20 to 50

                       Operating Frequency

                       2.4GHz ISM

                       Communication Distance (Open Area)

                       1000m

                       Receiver Sensitivity (1%PER)

                       -97dBm

                       Working Current/Voltage

                       120 mA@3.7V

                       Built-In LiPo Battery Working Current/Capacity

                       3.7V, 2000mAh
