April 20, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 11387
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­0054

Mr. David James
Mr. Gary Boozer
JB Aerial, LLC
11832 Deer Path Way
Orlando, FL 32838

Dear Messrs. James and Boozer:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

The Basis for Our Decision

By letter dated January 12, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA)
on behalf of JB Aerial, LLC (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption. The
exemption would allow the petitioner to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to
conduct elevated photographic and remote sensing operations.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a DJI Phantom 2 and DJI S-900.
                                                                                                                 2

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, JB Aerial, LLC is granted an exemption from 14 CFR
§§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121,
91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to the
extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.
                                                                                                                 3

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, JB Aerial, LLC is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom 2 and
         DJI S-900when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations
         of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
         must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
         documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
         Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
         limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
         the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
                                                                                                            4

    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
                                                                                                            5

    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
                                                                                                               6

       (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
       be as large as practicable.

   23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
       any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
       PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
       These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
       official upon request.

   24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
       activities at all times.

   25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

   26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
       persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
          a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
             from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
             that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
             where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
             the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
             of nonparticipating persons; and
          b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
             for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
             the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
             present an undue hazard.

       The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
       nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

   27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
       permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
       Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
       obtained for each flight to be conducted.

   28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
       boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
       to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
       reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
       contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.
                                                                                                                 7

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                     8

This exemption terminates on April 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.
Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service
Dear Sir or Madam, 


Pursuant to §333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of2012 (the Reform Act)
and 14 C.F.R. Part 11, JBI LLC, operator of Small Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV)
equipped to conduct aerial inspections for the Energy generation and distribution
industries for pre-planned, controlled area, inspection services, hereby applies for an
exemption from the listed Federal Aviation Regulations (FARs) to allow commercial
operation of its UAS(Unmanned Aircraft System), so long as such operations are
conducted within and under the conditions outlined herein or as may be established by
the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) as required by §333. 


As described more fully below, the requested exemption would permit the operation of
small, unmanned and relatively inexpensive multi rotor aircraft under controlled
conditions in airspace that is 1) contained 2) predetermined 3) has on-site safety
personnel controlling access, and 4) would provide increased safety to the public and
enhancements to clients' business operations. 


The name and address of the applicant is: JB Aerial LLC(JBI LLC), 11822 Deer Path
Way, Orlando, Florida FL32832.


JBI LLC respectfully requests a grant of an exemption of the following sections of Title
14 of the Code of Federal Regulations: 


* 14 CFR 91.7(a)


* 14 CFR 91.119


* 14 CFR 91.121


* 14 CFR 91.151(a)


* 14 CFR 91.405(a)


* 14 CFR 91.407(a)(1)


* 14 CFR 91.409(a)(1) and (2)


* 14 CFR 91.417(a) and (b)

I. The Extent of JBI LLC Seeks and the Reason It Seeks Such Relief: 


JBI submits this application in accordance with the Reform Act, 112 P.L. 95 §§331-334,
seeking relief from any currently applicable federal aviation regulations pertaining to
UASs (unmanned aircraft systems) and operating to prevent JBI contemplated
commercial inspections, and other flight operations within the U.S. national airspace
system. 


The Reform Act in §332 provides for such integration of civil UASs into our national
airspace system as it is in the public's interest to do so. JBIs lightweight UASs meet
the definition of "small unmanned aircraft" as set forth in §333 and combined with a
great safety record in similar industries, JBIs light duty UASs are ideal recipients of
exemption by the intent of the Reform Act. 


Considerations for relief include a combination of sUAS physical characteristics, safety
features, and safe practices identified in §333: 


* UAV weight,


* UAV overall size,


* UAV speed over ground


* UAV flight characteristics, 


14 C.P.R. §91.7(a): Civil aircraft airworthiness.
The regulation requires that no person may operate a civil aircraft unless it is in
airworthy condition. As there will be no airworthiness certificate issued for the aircraft,
should this exemption be granted, no FAA regulatory standard will exist for determining
airworthiness. Given the size of the aircraft and the requirements contained in the
Manual for maintenance and use of safety check lists prior to each flight, a subset of
which are provided in enclosed Supplemental material, an equivalent level of safety will
be provided.


14 C.F.R. §91.119: Minimum safe altitudes
§91.119 establishes safe altitudes for operation of civil aircraft. §91.119 (d) allows
helicopters to be operated at less than the minimums prescribed, provided the person
operating the helicopter complies with any route or altitudes prescribed for helicopters
by the FAA. As this exemption is for a UAS that closely mimics the behavior of a
helicopter, and the exemption requests authority to operate at altitudes up to 400 AGL,
an exemption may be needed to allow such operations. As set forth herein, the UAV
will never operate at higher than 400 AGL or beyond unaided visual line of sight,
whichever is closer. It will however be operated in a restricted area with officials tasked
with ensuring public safety, and where buildings and people will not be exposed to
operations without their pre-obtained consent and training. 


The equivalent level of safety will be achieved given the size, weight, speed of the UAS
as well as the location where it is operated. No flight operation will be taken without the
permission of the controlling agency or right of way owner in the case of private
property or local officials in the case of public property or private property with public
interests. Because of the advance notice to the property owner and participants in the
remote sensing activity, all affected individuals will be aware of the planned flight
operations. Compared to flight operations with aircraft or rotorcraft weighting far more
than the maximum 8.2kg of JBIs heaviest UAS proposed herein and the lack of
flammable fuel, any risk associated with these operations is far less than those
presently presented with conventional aircraft operating at or below 500 AGL. In
addition, the low-altitude operations of the UAS will ensure separation between these
small- UAV operations and the operations of conventional aircraft that must comply
with §91.119. 


14 C.F.R. §91. 121 Altimeter Settings
§91.121 requires each person operating an aircraft to maintain cruising altitude by
reference to an altimeter that is set "...to the elevation of the departure airport or an
appropriate altimeter setting available before departure." As the UAS may not have a
barometric altimeter, but instead a GPS altitude read out, an exemption may be
needed. An equivalent level of safety will be achieved by the operator, confirming the
altitude of the launch site shown on the GPS altitude indicator before flight. The PIC
and Technician will also ensure effective pairing with multiple GPS sources to
guarantee accurate detection of height. 


14 C.F.R. §9 1.15l (a): Fuel Requirements for Flight in VFR Conditions
§91.151 (a) prohibits an individual from beginning "a flight in an airplane under VFR
conditions unless (considering wind and forecast weather conditions) there is enough
fuel to fly to the first point of intended landing, and, assuming normal cruising speed-
(1) During the day, to fly after that for at least 30 minutes; or (2) At night, to fly after that
for at least 45 minutes:' The battery powering the UAS provides approximately 25
minutes of powered flight in hover mode with payload. JBIs UAS will not be able to
meet the 30 minute reserve requirement in 14 CPR §91.151. JBI believes that an
equivalent level of safety can be achieved by limiting flights to 30 minutes or 25% of
battery power whichever happens first. This restriction would be more than adequate
to return the UAS to its planned landing zone from anywhere within its limited operating
area.


14 C.P.R. §91.405 (a); 407 (a) (1); 409 (a) (2); 417(a) & (b): Maintenance Inspections
These regulations require that an aircraft operator or owner "shall have that aircraft
inspected as prescribed in subpart E of this part and shall between required
inspections, except as provided in paragraph (c) of this section, have discrepancies
repaired as prescribed in part 43 of this chapter...;' and others shall inspect or maintain
the aircraft in compliance with Part 43. Given that these section and Part 43 apply only
to aircraft with an airworthiness certificate, these sections will not apply to the
applicant. Maintenance will be accomplished by the operator pursuant to the flight
manual. An equivalent level of safety will be achieved because these small UAV are
very limited in size and will carry a small payload and operate only in restricted areas
for limited periods of time. If mechanical issues arise the UAS can land immediately
and will be operating from no higher than 400 feet AGL. The operator will ensure that
the UAS is in working order prior to initiating flight, perform required maintenance, and
keep a log of any maintenance performed. Moreover, the operator is the person most
familiar with the aircraft and best suited to maintain the aircraft in an airworthy
condition to provide the equivalent level of safety. 


An exemption granted to JBI would permit its operation of lightweight, unmanned,
remotely controlled, UAS in a tightly controlled environment with limited airspace. JBI
utilizes specifically determined areas (designed flight zone) to mitigate injury and
property damage while fulfilling clients' goals. Technical enhancements to current
safety controls will allow JBI to operate exceeding current safety specifications, and
stay ahead of, or meet, new ones being implemented by the FAA and Department of
Transportation. Further, JBI conducts its operations in compliance with protocols
described herein or as otherwise established by the FAA 


II. Commercial and Public Benefits 


We at JBI believe that granting this exemption request furthers the public interest by
providing safe (by way of an unmanned system) and efficient means to meet technical
problems solvable by elevated data collection instruments. JBIs client base are
typically business' looking to improve reliability and power delivery with their
awareness of structures on their respective properties through data collection by
photographic, video graphic based inspections. By moving these functions onto the
UAS based platform the potential for loss of life or property is diminished due to the
greater control in a smaller and safer aircraft that holds no persons. Second, there are
no reactive or combustible materials on board the UAV and thus the potential for fire or
explosions is greatly diminished. Third, the small size and extreme maneuverability of
JBIs UAS allow the PIC to avoid hazards. Lastly, due to the nature of the remote
sensing instrumentation onboard, the UAS can maintain quite a safe distance between
the UAS and the object(s) undergoing scrutiny. Accordingly, JBI UAS have operated
and will continue to operate at and above current safety levels. 

A. The costs and benefits of your proposed action to society in general and specific
groups within society


The impact to society, financial and otherwise, would be extremely minimal. Indeed, it's
been demonstrated that UASs have the ability to drastically increase the information
available to policymakers at a fraction of the cost of measuring this data by terrestrial
means. Electricity outages can be minimized, problems can be found before they
become a hazard. One such impact would be inconvenience to directly proximal and
non-essential personnel that would be displaced from public or business owned
property if it is deemed to be unsafe. In this case we relay our needs for a flight zone
with the requirement that it be safe from casual intrusions and allow the business time
to shift operations in order to minimize potential safety issues.


1. The effect of an exemption for JBI on the quality of the natural and social
environments 


Utilizing UAS minimizes the requirement for conventional aircraft. This eliminates the
need for an onboard pilot, time consuming adherence to regulations surrounding book
keeping and submission of flight paths to local civilian or military airports, and
detrimental effects to the environment caused by operating a combustible fuel based,
large scale aircraft, with restrictions on the proximity to the target for remote sensing. 


Ill. Flight Capabilities and Characteristics of JBIs UAV


Pursuant to 112 P.L. 95 §333 (a), concerns for public safety are mitigated by the overall
capabilities and 1 characteristics of the UAS. JBI UAS utilizes six (hex) or four (quad)
counter-rotating propellers paired oppositely to each other for balance, control and
stability. The total span of the UAS Hex is 900mm, Quad 350mm allowing for stable
flight or landing even with the sudden onset of detrimental environmental conditions.
The Hex UAS has a maximum unit takeoff mass of 8.2kg, The Quad has a maximum
takeoff weight of approximately 1.5kg, including cinematic/photographic or other
surveying equipment. JBIs UAS is designed to primarily hover in place to capture
photographic data and then operate at less than a 50 knot maximum speed to the next
point of interest. They are capable of vertical and horizontal operations but, in practice,
is operated only within unaided VLOS of the Pilot. In addition to the PIC, JBI will utilize
a Visual Observer (VO) which are within unaided verbal communication range. These
personnel may be supplemented by safety officials provided by the client who are
instructed to cordon off and otherwise minimize pedestrian access in the flight zone of
the client's grounds. In the event of loss of visual of the UAV, the PIC can change flight
controls from cartesian (X,Y,Z) based controls to radial (r,a ,h) based controls which
allows the PIC to utilize one controller axis to recall the UAS to the PIC's position
without concern to the current heading of the UAV. In the event of loss of sight of the
sUAS into an area containing hazards or possible hazards, the spotter or pilot has a
heads-up-display containing a live video feed which can be used to locate the UAV
while it maintains it's position in hover mode. The UAS has demonstrated it's ability to
maintain it's position by GPS coordinates in hover mode in "-'25kph wind gusts at
2.5m representing an extreme environmental condition beyond the range of conditions
within the scope for UAV operation. All of JBIs UAV utilize LiPo (lithium polymer) battery
based power sources, decreasing safety risks from more easily combustible, fuel
based, power sources. Flight times generally last between fifteen (15) to twenty five
(25) minutes allowing the staff to work with small flight areas per phase. The maximum
flight time without payload is 45 minutes, however practical safe operation limits this to
30 to give ample time to control the UAS to a safe landing zone. JBI further restricts
flight time by not operating its UAS with less than twenty five percent battery capacity.
Further safety management systems in place include a GPS mode that allows JBI UAV
to hover in place and land if communication with the PIC is lost and optionally follow a
set of waypoints at a set speed and height to a 'home base' predesignated safe
landing zone. In the event of unforeseen motor failure, the Hex system will enter into a
controlled hover mode while allowing full use of all UAS flight controls by the PIC. All
commands sent via remote controller received during a controlled return to land are
translated to an 'as meant' paradigm meaning the flight control package will use it's
realtime 3 dimensional position and compensate rotors control the UAS regardless of
spin velocity. Landing gear is also programmed to deploy based on sensing of range to
ground from non-GPS based sources. This assures that if one system is compensated
a safe and successful landing can still occur. 


IV. Reasons Why an Exemption to JBI Will Not Adversely Affect Safety Standards 


JBIs contends that operation of it's UAS will not "create a hazard to users of the
national airspace system or the public:' as stated in 112 P.L. 95 §333 (b). Given the
diminutive size and weight of JBIs UAS, combined with their operation in cordoned off
and well-controlled areas, JBIs UAS falls within Congress's contemplated safety zone.
JBIs UAV have an established safety record. The pilots have many years of hobby UAS
flying and a combined total 37 years full size helicopter flying within the Oil and Gas
Industry, EMS, Army Aviation and part 135 operations. Bolstered by multi-point
preflight checklist, General Operations Manual, Maintenance Manual, Training guides
and awareness of their surroundings and intimate knowledge of the FARs and behavior
of the UAV platform in many weather conditions. JBIs safety record and implemented
operational practices demonstrate an awareness of public safety.
JBI operations routinely provide a level of safety at least equal to existing rules, and in
nearly every instance, exceeds existing rules. JBI has worked very closely with the
regional vendors and support for this unit to create a tightly integrated and highly fault
tolerant platform that has been tested throughly by a vendor with a proven record for
safety and solid designs. 


Though it does not mitigate safety it is of note that as of Nov 2014 there are few
companies that will insure UAS operations and UAS based companies. The UAS of use
at JBI is one of two models (by current awareness) that qualify for protection against
damages or injury. JBI also continues to work closely with this organization (FAA) to
identify and mitigate UAS platform risk due to their expertise in several industries
closely related to the aviation and transportation.
JBI does not intend to operate its UAS on or near airports unless permission is granted
and generally has only operated its fleet on grounds with cordoned off areas or areas
under the control of the property owner I client with assistance by safety officials
employed by the business. JBI determines the areas needed to fulfill the clients' goals
and only operates its UAVs in these flight zones and only in compliance with well
regarded safety protocols set forth initially by the RC UAS trade and hobby groups and
recently by relevant FARs. 


JBI standardized on the following practices to ensure safe operation of it's UASs: 


* Work with on-site personnel to plan the flight goals,


* Work with on-site personnel to restrict access to non-essential persons,


* Operation by unaided VLOS operation only,


* Operation in phases 30 minutes max in length,


* Operation to minimal 25% battery power,


* Operation of device to GPS aided readout to 400ft at maximum,


* Numerous pre-programmed fail-safes that ensure specific behavior per issue,


* Three main roles supplemented by on-site safety personnel,


* Employ controlled lifecycle and total time management of components to guard
  against component failures, 


* Subscribe to relevant local weather and safety alerts, 


Expertly choose data collection instruments and accessories to minimize flight
requirements or expertise, 


JBI has experience in similar fields and has adapted this experience in it's use of UAS's
to increase safety. In combination to the ever expanding knowledge repositories from
hobbyists and experts alike, JBI is constantly evolving it's practices when there is a
clear benefit to operations or increased safety element. 

A. Summary 


Pursuant to 14 C.F.R. Part 11, the following summary is provided for publication in the
Federal Register, should it be determined that publication is needed: 


JBI {applicant) seeks an exemption from the following rules: 14 C.P.R. §§61.113 14
CFR 91.7 (a); 91.119; 91.121; 91.151(a); 91.405 (a); 91.407 (a) (1); 91.409 (a) (2); 91.409
(a) {2) and 91.417 (a) & (b) to operate commercially a small unmanned vehicle (8.2kg or
less) in elevated photographic and remote sensing operations. 


Approval of exemptions allowing commercial operations of UAS in the the media
industry will enhance safety by reducing risk associated with conventional aircraft
operations and other means of elevated remote sensing involving persons. The public
benefit served by approval of this petition is increased awareness of characteristics of
difficult imaging targets. A UAS weighing fewer than 8.2kg and powered by sealed
batteries eliminates virtually all associated risk inherent in operating conventional
aircraft in close proximity to buildings or persons or otherwise elevating persons to a
position they would be able to collect needed data. 


The operation of small UAS's, weighting less than 8.2kgs, conducted in the strict
conditions outlined above, will provide an equivalent level of safety supporting the
grant of the exemptions requested herein, including exempting the applicant from the
requirements of Part 21 and allowing commercial operations. As identified and
described herein, Gary Boozer and David James, and their company JB Aerial LLC (JBI
LLC), are experienced, aviation professionals in the various industries. Gary Boozer
and David James have a combined 37 years of violation, incident and accident free
aviation experience. The FAA has been given the authority to issue the exemption to JB
Aerial LLC (JBI LLC) pursuant to the Federal Aviation Act, 85 P.L. 726 (1958), and as
such, we humbly seek your consideration and approval of this petition. 


David James


Gary Boozer

