August 03, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12279
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­2102

Mr. James P. Gilbert, Jr.
President
JBK Unmanned Systems
8 Sentinel Trail
Palm Coast, FL 32164

Dear Mr. Gilbert:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated May 26, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of JBK Unmanned Systems (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption. The
petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct aerial
photography, videography, survey and mapping, inspections, and services for search and
rescue/recovery and firefighting operations.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner are the DJI Inspire 1 and DJI Phantom 3.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
                                                                                                                 2

provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, JBK Unmanned Systems is granted an exemption from
14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c),
91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to
the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                              3

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, JBK Unmanned Systems is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Inspire 1 and
    DJI Phantom 3 when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed
    operations of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this
    exemption.

2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
    not permitted.

3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
    exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
    compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
    airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
    aircraft manufacturer.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.

    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
    electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
    must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
    required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
                                                                                                            4

    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.
                                                                                                            5

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.
                                                                                                            6

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

    The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
    nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
    reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
    contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.
                                                                                                                 7

 If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
 television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                                                 8

This exemption terminates on August 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,
/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
JBK Unmanned Systems
8 Sentinel Trail
Palm Coast, Fl 32164
386.559.4831
jbkunmannedsystems@gmail.com

May 26th, 2015

U. S. Department of Transportation
Docket Management System
1200 New Jersey Ave., SE
Washington, DC 20590

Re: Request for Exemption per PL 112-95 §333 from 14 CFR 61.113(a) and (b),
14 CFR 91.103, 14 CFR 91.105, 14 CFR 91.109, 14 CFR 91.119, 14 CFR
91.121, 14 CFR 91.151(a), 14 CFR 91.405(a), 14 CFR 91.407(a)(1), 14 CFR
91.409(a)(2), 14 CFR 91.417(a) and (b)

Dear Sir or Madam:

JBK Unmanned Systems respectfully requests an exemption of the above
applicable sections of title 14 CFR for the purpose of conducting commercial
operations including, but not limited to, aerial photography, videography, survey
and mapping, inspections as well as providing services for search and
rescue/recovery and firefighting operations. JBK will use its small Unmanned
Aircraft System(sUAS) within controlled access airspace, using licensed airmen,
and will employ a comprehensive safety, training, and planning program. The
employment of sUAS platforms for these missions should provide the FAA with
good cause to find that these operations enhance safety by eliminating the need
to use conventional aircraft in the sometimes unique environments where a
sUAS would be particularly adept, but a conventional aircraft may pose a hazard
to its crew and those on the ground.
JBK Unmanned Systems requests exemption from the following applicable
regulations, pursuant to the Administrator's authority to grant exemptions
contained in 49 U.S.C. § 106(f), 40113, and 44701:
14 CFR 21 Part H - Airworthiness Certificates,
14 CFR 61.113(a) and (b) ­ Pilot in Command,
14 CFR 91.103 ­ Preflight action,
14 CFR 91.105 ­ Flight crewmembers at stations,
14 CFR 91.109 ­ Flight instructions,
14 CFR 91.119 - Minimum Safe Altitudes,
14 CFR 91.121 - Altimeter settings,
14 CFR 91.151(a) - Fuel requirements,
14 CFR 91.405(a) - Maintenance required,
14 CFR 91.407(a)(1) - Operations after maintenance,
14 CFR 91.409(a)(2) - Inspections,
14 CFR 91.417(a) and (b) ­ Maintenance records

OPERATIONS OVERVIEW

Our operations utilize sUAS in a manner that provides services not offered by
manned aircraft or enhances the level of safety at which the tasks can be
completed in manned aircraft. Examples of the proposed aerial photography
operations include real estate, insurance damage assessment and various
inspection services. These types of operations restrict the use of the sUAS to a
small area typically encompassing a limited number of residential and
commercial properties at a time. The areas in which the flight takes place can
readily be protected with secured access. The structures on these properties
provide sufficient protection from the sUAS and can be completed with much less
risk than that of a manned operation at low altitudes.

JBK's survey, mapping and inspection operations will include mapping and
inspections of both agriculture and construction sites utilizing a sUAS rotorcraft
flying pre-programmed grids that can be interrupted and returned to a safe
landing zone. Currently these operations are executed by general aviation
aircraft carrying hundreds of pounds of fuel and equipment flying at low altitudes
and speeds. Our operation would greatly increase the level of safety, replacing
large aircraft with a sUAS under 35 pounds and restricted to speeds no greater
than 50 knots. These sites are areas that can readily be secured by JBK
personnel and would not provide any additional risk to the general public.

JBK Unmanned Systems will offer services to local public safety agencies where
FAA rules and local laws permit. These services could include search and rescue
of missing persons, evidence search, structural and wildland firefighting
operations and other operations where permitted.
Any operations under this exemption would be conducted in accordance with the
strict parameters specified in the confidential Flight Operations Manual and
confidential Pilot Operating Handbooks.

The limitations and conditions that JBK Unmanned Systems agrees to be bound
to include:

1. The sUAS will weigh less than 35 lbs.
2. Flights will be operated within VLOS of a pilot and/or observer and will be
conducted during daylight hours only.
3. Flights will be terminated at 25% battery power reserve.
4. Flights will be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet AGL and
ground speed will not exceed 50 knots.
5. Preflight inspections of all components of the system and a safety risk
assessment will be conducted and a separate log/checklist will be filed for each
flight.
6. Minimum crew for each operation will consist of the sUAS Pilot, the Visual
Observer and based on results of the safety assessment may include a security
coordinator. A sensor operator may also be used when necessary.
7. Observer and pilot will at all times be able to communicate by voice.
8. Pilot and observer will be trained in the operation of the UAS to be used and
will receive up-to-date information on the particular UAS to be operated as
required in the Flight Operations Manual (FOM will be provided upon request).
9. sUAS pilot will be an FAA licensed airman with at least a sport pilot
certificate and drivers license as required in the current FAA policy.
10. The UAS will only operate within a confined "Safety Perimeter" as defined in
the FOM.
11. A briefing will be conducted in regard to the planned sUAS operations prior to
each day's activities. It will be mandatory that all personnel who will be
performing duties within the boundaries of the safety perimeter be present for this
briefing.
12. Written and/or oral permission from the relevant property holders will be
obtained.
13. All required permissions and permits will be obtained from territorial, state,
county or city jurisdictions, including local law enforcement, fire, or other
appropriate governmental agencies.
14. If the sUAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UAS will have
the capability to return to a pre-determined location within the Safety Perimeter
and land.
AIRCRAFT TO BE UTILIZED

JBK Unmanned Systems will utilize a DJI Inspire 1 and DJI Phantom 3 for its
operations. The sUAS are rotocopter configuration and will weigh no more than
35 pounds. They will operate no faster than 50 knots groundspeed. The aircraft
are agile, having the ability to hover, and move about its three axes
simultaneously. The aircraft will be operated below 400 feet Above Ground Level
(AGL) and continuously within the Pilot in Command's (PIC) line of sight, so as to
not create a hazard to users of the national airspace system or public.

The above aircraft are equipped with the following safety features:

    1) Both units have a "Return to Home" feature that is automatically activated
         when controller signal is lost and can be activated manually when
         problems occur or a preset battery level indicator is activated.

    2) Both units have GPS capability that provides stability and allows the PIC
         more control in various conditions.

    3) Both units have programming such as "No Fly Zone" (preprogrammed no
         fly zones around certain airports) and "Flight Limitations" that provide the
         ability to manually program height and distance limitations to meet FAA
         rules.

    4) The Inspire 1 has dual controllers so the camera can be controlled by a
         second operator, thus allowing the PIC complete concentration on flight
         operations only.

    5) The Phantom 3 has a "Waypoint System" allowing preprogrammed flight
         operations in certain circumstance.

Because of the sUAS' specifications and flight characteristics, it poses no threat
to national security.

FLIGHT CREW

All of JBK Unmanned Systems operations will be performed by FAA licensed
pilots with trained Visual Observers and, where necessary, Site Security
Coordinators. These operations will be in controlled and secured environments
and only after a safety assessment has been completed. Prior to flight, the PIC
and Visual Observer (VO) will complete the qualification process as outlined in
the company's FOM. The Pilot in Charge will possess, at a minimum, a sport
pilot's certificate, meet applicable recent flight experience requirements and hold
a state driver's license. The Visual Observer will be trained in accordance with
the company's FOM.
PREFLIGHT ACTION

In accordance with 14 CFR 91.103, the PIC will, at minimum, receive a weather
briefing, survey the launch and recovery environments and review takeoff and
landing distances and other applicable aircraft performance data, check the
aircraft and ground station/transmitter battery levels, and brief the Visual
Observer (VO) and any other supporting crew on the mission, safety, and
contingencies. All flights will be conducted in Day VMC conditions. Minimum
flight crew shall include the PIC, Visual Observer to assist with seeing-and-
avoiding other aircraft, a Site Security Coordinator as determined by preflight risk
analysis.

FUEL REQUIREMENTS

All JBK Unmanned Systems PICs will terminate flights when remaining battery
power level reaches 25%.

sUAS MAINTENANCE

JBK Unmanned Systems will conduct all maintenance on the sUAS in
accordance with the FOM, POH and Manufacturer user manuals. All
maintenance will be conducted by trained JBK Unmanned Systems personnel.
Repairs will be conducted by same or authorized manufacturer representative
and will require a test flight after completion. Maintenance, repair and software
update logs will be strictly maintained and available for inspection by the proper
authorities.

FLIGHT SAFETY AND SECURITY

Because of the relatively small operating perimeter, any mechanical issues that
may arise during a flight could be quickly mitigated by terminating the flight.
Security of flight operations will follow procedures outlined in earlier sections.
FOM and POH include sections on limitations of safe operations as well as
emergency and abnormal operating procedures. Requirements for basic training
and continuing education have been established.

Several principals of JBK Unmanned are current or former law enforcement
and/or fire service personnel, including FEMA and USAR operations. Safety and
security of all flights is of the utmost importance to JBK. The safety and security
of flight operations personnel and the public will not be adversely affected during
these activities.
PUBLIC BENEFIT

Use of sUAS technology to obtain imagery, information and data currently
obtained by use of manned flight or manual methods:

         1) Reduces statistical risk to human life due to manned aircraft accidents
or due to other dangerous activities that can be avoided.

         2) Reduces the cost of obtaining such information, which benefits
consumers and the economy.

         3) Reduces environmental impact by eliminating sources of hydrocarbon
emissions from manned aircraft.

CONCLUSION

Satisfaction of the criteria provided in Section 333 of the Reform Act of
2012 (size, weight, speed, operating capabilities, proximity to airports and
populated areas and operation within visual line of sight and national security)
provide more than adequate justification to grant JBK Unmanned Systems
requested exemption, allowing for JBK Unmanned Systems commercial
operations for the purpose of photography, videography, inspections and survey
pursuant to the company's FOM and POH. Confidential Manuals are available on
request.

Sincerely,

James P. Gilbert Jr.
President, JBK Unmanned Systems
