August 19, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12530
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA-2015-1286

Mr. Jeff Hester
7244 Camino Degrazia #279
San Diego, CA 92111

Dear Mr. Hester:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter posted to the public docket on April 28, 2015 and additional information posted
June 30, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) for an exemption.
The petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct real estate
videography and photography

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a DJI Phantom 2.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
                                                                                                                 2

meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Mr. Jeff Hester is granted an exemption from 14 CFR
§§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121,
91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to the
extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Mr. Jeff Hester is hereafter referred to as the operator.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                                                 3

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom 2
         when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any
         other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
         must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
         documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
         Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
         limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
         the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
         Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
         documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
         operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
                                                                                                            4

    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
                                                                                                            5

    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.
                                                                                                               6

   23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
       any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
       PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
       These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
       official upon request.

   24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
       activities at all times.

   25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

   26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
       persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
          a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
             from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
             that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
             where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
             the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
             of nonparticipating persons; and
          b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
             for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
             the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
             present an undue hazard.

       The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
       nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

   27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
       permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
       Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
       obtained for each flight to be conducted.

   28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
       boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
       to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
       reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
       contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

   29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
       as documented in this grant of exemption.
                                                                                                                 7

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                      8

This exemption terminates on August 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,
/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
Regulations.gov - Other Document                                               Page 1 of 2

JeffH ester- Exem ption/R ulem aking

This Other document was issued by the Federal Aviation Administration                     C om m entN ow !
(FAA)
                                                                                      ID: FAA-2015-1286-0001
For related information, Open Docket Folder
                                                                                D ocum entInform ati
 C ontent
                                                                               Date Posted:
  Petition for exemption/rulemaking                                            Apr 28, 2015
                                                                               Show More Details
  I'm applying for an exemption to fly my DJI Phantom 2 drone with
  attached GoPro for commercial purposes. I run a production company             Subm itterInform atio
  that focuses on real estate videos and photos in San Diego, California.
  All of my flights for commercial purposes are at or below 200 feet, the      Submitter Name:
  drone weighs less than 55 pounds (approximately 10 pounds), I only           Jeff Hester
  operate during daytime Visual Flight Rules (VFR) conditions, I operate       Mailing Address:
  within visual line of sight (VLOS), and I maintain these distances away      7244 Camino Degrazia #279
  from airports or heliports:                                                  City:
  5 nautical miles (NM) from an airport having an operational control          San Diego
  tower; or                                                                    Country:
  3 NM from an airport with a published instrument flight procedure, but       United States
  not an operational tower; or                                                 State or Province:
  2 NM from an airport without a published instrument flight procedure or      CA
  an operational tower; or                                                     ZIP/Postal Code:
  2 NM from a heliport with a published instrument flight procedure.           92111

  In addition to this, I also have a spotter with me while I fly to point out            C om m ents
  any possible obstructions to my flight path.

                                                                                         0

                                                                               C om m ents R eceived

                                                                                   D ocketInform ation

                                                                               This document is contained in
                                                                               FAA-2015-1286

                                                                               Related Dockets:
                                                                               None

                                                                               Related RINs:
                                                                               None

                                                                               Related Documents:
                                                                               None

http://www.regulations.gov/                                                    4/29/2015
Regulations.gov - Other Document                Page 2 of 2

                                  * This count refers to the total

                                  comment/submissions received
                                  this document, as of 11:59 PM
                                  yesterday. Note: Agencies revie
                                  submissions, however some
                                  agencies may choose to redact
                                  withhold, certain submissions (o
                                  portions thereof) such as those
                                  containing private or proprietary
                                  information, inappropriate langu
                                  or duplicate/near duplicate
                                  examples of a mass-mail campa
                                  This can result in discrepancies
                                  between this count and those
                                  displayed when conducting
                                  searches on the Public Submiss
                                  document type. For specific
                                  information about an agency's p
                                  submission policy, refer to its
                                  website or the Federal Register
                                  document.

http://www.regulations.gov/       4/29/2015
7/2/2015  Regulations.gov  Other Document

          Jeff Hester - Response to Request for Additional Information

This Other document was issued by the Federal Aviation                       Comment Period Closed
Administration (FAA)
                                                                              ID:  FAA201512860003
For related information, Open Docket Folder  

      Content                                                                 Document Information

       Response to Request For Additional Information dated May 29,          Date Posted:
       2015                                                                  Jun 30, 2015

       Petition for Part 21 and 45.23(b) 61.113(a) & (b) 91.7(a)             Show More Details  
       91.9(b)(2) 91.103(b) 91.109 91.119 91.121, 91.151(a)
       91.203(a) & (b) 91.405(a) 91.407(a)(1) 91.409(a)(2) and                Submitter Information
       91.417(a) & (b) of Title 14, Code of Federal Regulations
                                                                             Submitter Name:
       I plan to operate a UAS, the PHANTOM 2 Vision, which is               Jeff Hester
       comprised of an unmanned aircraft (UA or PHANTOM) and a
       transportable ground station. The PHANTOM is referred to as a                   Comments
       quadcopter with a maximum gross weight of about 3
       pounds. It is equipped with four rotors that are driven by electric               0
       motors powered by batteries. The UA has a maximum airspeed
       of 35 knots. The UAS will have a small ultra6 lightweight GoPro          Comments Received *
       3+ camera to the UAS and operate the UA over various areas
       near San Diego, California, to enhance community awareness                Docket Information
       and augment photographic areas. The UAS will provide the
       community with new and picturesque representations of their city      This document is contained in
       and its surroundings. Aerial videography for geographical
       awareness, real estate marketing, and personal photography has        FAA20151286
       been around for a long time through manned fixed wing aircraft
       and helicopters, but for small business owners, its expense has       Related Dockets:
       been costprohibitive. Granting this exemption would allow me to       None
       provide this service at a much lower cost. Furthermore, my small      Related RINs:
       UAS will pose no threat to the public given its small size and        None
       lack of combustible fuel when compared to larger manned               Related Documents:
       aircraft. The operation of this UAS will minimize ecological
       damage and promote economic growth by providing new                      U.S. DOT/FAA  Request for
       opportunities to individuals and businesses in the San Diego             Additional Information
       metro and surrounding areas.                                             Jeff Hester 
                                                                                Exemption/Rulemaking
       The Pilot, Jeff Hester, will provide the following levels of safety:
       I will only operate in reasonably safe environments that are          * This count refers to the total
       strictly controlled, are away from power lines, elevated lights,
       airports and actively populated areas                                  comment/submissions received on
       I will conduct extensive preflight inspections and protocols,          this document, as of 11:59 PM
       during which safety carries primary importance.                        yesterday. Note: Agencies review
                                                                              all submissions, however some
http://www.regulations.gov/#!documentDetailD=FAA201512860003
                                                                                                                1/2
7/2/2015                                                      Regulations.gov  Other Document

I will operate the UAS below 200 feet and within a radius                                      agencies may choose to redact, or
distance of 1000 feet from the controller to aid in direct line of                             withhold, certain submissions (or
sight visual observation                                                                       portions thereof) such as those
I will operate the UAS for 518 minutes per flight                                              containing private or proprietary
I will land this UAS prior to the manufacturer's recommended                                   information, inappropriate
minimum level of battery power                                                                 language, or duplicate/near
I will operate this UAS only within visual line of sight (VLOS)                                duplicate examples of a massmail
I will use the UAS global positioning system (GPS) flight safety                               campaign. This can result in
feature whereby it hovers and then slowly lands if                                             discrepancies between this count
communication with the remote control pilot is lost                                            and those displayed when
I will contact respective airports if operations will be within 5                              conducting searches on the Public
miles to advise them of my estimated flight time, flight duration,                             Submission document type. For
elevation of flight and other pertinent information                                            specific information about an
I will always obtain all necessary permissions prior to operation                              agency's public submission policy,
I will have procedures in place to abort flights in the event of                               refer to its website or the Federal
safety breaches or potential danger.                                                           Register document.

http://www.regulations.gov/#!documentDetailD=FAA201512860003                                                                        2/2
