May 5, 2015

                                                          Exemption No. 11463
                                                          Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­0237

Mr. Jeffrey Skelley
Jeff Skelley Studio
6770 West State Highway 89A
Unit 118
Sedona, AZ 86336

Dear Mr. Skelley:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

The Basis for Our Decision

By letter dated January 17, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA)
for an exemption. The exemption would allow the petitioner to operate an unmanned aircraft
system (UAS) to conduct aerial photography, videography and data collection.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a DJI Inspire 1.
                                                                                                                 2

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Mr. Jeffrey Skelley is granted an exemption from
14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c),
91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to
the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Mr. Jeffrey Skelley is hereafter referred to as the operator.
                                                                                                                 3

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Inspire 1 when
         weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any other
         aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
         must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
         documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
         Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
         limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
         the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
         Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
         documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
         operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
                                                                                                            4

    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update or
    revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then the
    operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's UAS
    Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding updates or
    revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g. replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g. inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
                                                                                                            5

    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.
                                                                                                               6

   23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
       any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
       PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating. These
       documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
       official upon request.

   24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
       activities at all times.

   25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

   26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
       persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
          a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
             from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
             that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
             where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
             the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
             of nonparticipating persons; and
          b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
             for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
             the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
             present an undue hazard.

       The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
       nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

   27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
       permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
       Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
       obtained for each flight to be conducted.

   28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
       boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
       to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
       reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
       contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

   29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
       as documented in this grant of exemption.
                                                                                                                 7

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.

This exemption terminates on April, 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service
Jeffrey Skelley, Jeff Skelley Studio, Sedona AZ, Section 333 Exemption Petition

January 17,2015

U.S. Department of Transportation

Docket Management System

1200 New Jersey Ave, SE \,

Washington, DC 20590        ~',

Re: Exemption Request Section 333 of the FAA Reform Act of the Federal Aviation
Regulations from 14 C.F.R. 45.23(b); 14 C.F.R. Part 21; 14 C.F.R. 61.113(a)&(b);
91.7(a); 91.9(b) (2); 91.103(b); 91.109; 119.121; 91.151(a); 91.203(a)&(b);
91.405(a); 91.407(a) (1); 91.409(a) (2); 91.417(a)&(b)

Dear Sir or Madam,

I, Jeffrey Skelley, am writing pursuant to the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of
2012 and the procedures contained within 14 C.F.R. 11, to request that I, Jeffrey
Skelley, an owner and operator of small unmanned aircraft, be exempted from the
Federal Aviation Regulations (FARs) listed so that I may operate my small, light weight
unmanned aircraft system (UAS) commercially in airspace regulated by the Federal
Aviation Administration (FAA).

I am a former first lieutenant in the Arizona Wing of the Civil Air Patrol, the Search
and Rescue arm of the United States Air Force, Squadron 205, Sedona Arizona. I flew
close to 50 SAR's (Search and Rescue missions) in my 4 years as Mission Rated
Pilot. I also served as Senior Flight Operations Officer, (Appendix A), and often
coordinated flight activities in concert with the DEA (Coyotes) and Federal and local
Police and firefighting agencies. I have examined virtually every square mile of the
state of Arizona from an altitude of 300 to 500 feet, the optimum altitude for
spotting, when many times the slightest error could prove fatal. I can state that flying
a UAS which contains no flammable material (or me) over mountainous, rocky,
wooded territory is far safer than anything I flew in the past. It is impossible to
compare the two. In addition to flying the USAF corporate CAP bird, a Cessna 182, I
flew over 350 hours in my own plane, a Globe Swift. I am thoroughly familiar with
airspace and communication regulations countrywide, statewide, and particularly
locally, where a half hour flight over our beautiful Sedona country was the way my
wife and I started our morning on many occasions. The fact that I hold a Private Pilot
certificate and performed with honors for the USAF CAP demonstrates my high regard
for safe operations as well as having the necessary high-level understanding of the
NAS and FAR's.

I have also worked off and on in the film production industry as a writer, director and
cameraman in New York, Las Vegas and Los Angeles for over 30 years. I
photographed for an aerial photography business taking pictures of expensive real
estate and mansions in Newport Rl, which proved to me the value of aerial real

                                   1
Jeffrey Skelley, Jeff Skelley Studio, Sedona AZ, Section 333 Exemption Petition

estate photos and video. I have made over 600 TV commercials, and filmed bits of
every kind of motion picture and TV production imaginable. I was a producer for
Channel 18 in Sedona, and helped produce videos for Land Rover/Range Rover
locally and served as cameraman/safety diver for a National Geographic production
"Catch and Release" in the Carribbean. I am a licensed US Coast Guard 100 ton
Master Ship's Captain and that's another reason why I understand not just what
regulations are, but why they are.

I became interested in UAS's during a filmmaker's EXPO in Hollywood in 2010, when I
met some of the makers of the movie Oceans. A small helicopter drone was used to
amazing advantage and I realized then the incredible potential of the technology. At
the time, the professional level of this kind of filming was extremely expensive, but I
had discovered a very interesting hobby that I hoped to turn into a business
someday. Because of the incredible strides in UAS technology over the last few years,
and the affordability, someday is now. I work with several small UAS's, and utilize a
simulator before and after every flight to analyze performance. The simulator can
create or duplicate almost every conceivable scenario and I consider it mandatory in
all my flight operations. I always operate in accordance with FAA rules as to altitudes
and airspace restrictions, and in accordance with MTOM guidelines (Motion Picture
and Television Operations Manual). Flights are planned in advance to eliminate
hazards to persons and property. Required permits are obtained. The operator limits
or controls access to provide safety. All flights are line-of-sight, and a spotter is
always used. I always carry a handheld 720 channel aircraft radio tuned to the
appropriate air traffic frequency and a GPS. These drones all have the same basic
light weights, and flight and safety characteristics. I expect to obtain a DJI Inspire
(Appendix B) when it comes available sometime in February which will become my
primary platform for video productions.

I want to establish my company in the Sedona area, our home for the past 25 years,
considered one of the most beautiful places on earth (Appendix C). I will be working
primarily with the Realtor's Association, who expect to benefit financially by adding
the kind of proven value only a UAS video can make to their presentations. I will also
sell the area itself which supports every kind of outdoor activity that has made
Sedona a world class destination. The area abounds with archaeological and
anthropological study areas that would value the UAV's unique perspective. The
community college here has a highly acclaimed film school that could be exposed to
the limitless benefits that UAS's promise in film, science, and agriculture. I want to
share with these other agencies, and the FAA, any relevant information this new field
stimulates.

With my experience as a pilot and videographer, I believe I can set an example for the
safe, responsible flight operations of a UAS, just as I did for the CAP. Education is the
catalyst that leads to compliance and I hope to be active in presenting not just the
economic benefits of drones but also to demonstrate the safety issues to everyone's
satisfaction. All great ideas have critics, until education finally proves their worth. I
hope to do just that.

                                                       2
Jeffrey Skelley, Jeff Skelley Studio, Sedona AZ, Section 333 Exemption Petition

I respectfully request the grant of an exemption allowing me to operate light weight,
remote controlled UAS's to enhance real estate listing videos, to create responsible
awareness of this economically powerful technology, to further education in creative
applications of UAS's, to increase tourism to this vacation driven economy, and, if
requested, to assist in search and rescue operations. The size, speed, operating
environment, limitations and level of operator's experience provide an "equivalent
level of safety" or better when operating a UAS for the public interest as outlined in
Section 333 in the FAA modernization and Reform Act of 2012.

Contact Information:

Jeffrey Skelley
6770 W State Hwy 89A
Unit 118
Sedona,AZ 86336
(928) 300-6345
jeffskelley@hotmail.com

EXEMPTION REQUESTS AND EQUIVALENT LEVEL OF SAFETY

14 C.F.R. 21, Subpart H :Airworthiness Certificates
Sets forth requirements for procurement of necessary airworthiness certificates. The
size, weight, and enclosed operations area of the proposed lightweight UAS's permits
exemption from Part 21 because the UAS meets and exceeds an equivalent level of
safety pursuant to Section 333 of the Reform Act.

14 C.F.R. 91.7(a)
Prohibits the operation of an aircraft without an airworthiness certificate. As no such
certificate will be applicable in the form contemplated by the FAR's, this regulation is
inapplicable.

14 C.F.R. 91.9(b) (2)
Requires an aircraft flight manual in the aircraft. As there are no on board pilots or
passengers, and given the size of the UAS's, this Regulation is inapplicable. The FAA
has previously issued exemptions to this regulation in Exemption Nos. 8607, 8737,
8738,9299, 9299A, 9565, 95658, 10167, 10167A, 10602, 10700 and 32827.

14 C.F.R. 91.121
Regarding altimeter settings is inapplicable insofar as the UAS's applied for all use
electronic global positioning systems with a barometric sensor.Aiso, line of sight
operations provide separation from other aircraft, obstructions, and terrain, providing
an equivalent level of safety.

                                                      3
Jeffrey Skelley, Jeff Skelley Studio, Sedona AZ., Section 333 Exemption Petition

14 C.F.R. 91.203 (a) and (b)
Provides for the carrying of civil aircraft certifications and registrations. These are
inapplicable for the same reasons described above. The equivalent level of safety will
be achieved by maintaining any such required certifications and registrations by the
operator, Jeffrey Skelley.

14 C.F.R. 45.23; Marking of the Aircraft
Applicable Codes of Federal Regulation require aircraft to be marked according to
certain specifications. UAS's are by definition unmanned and have no cockpit or
cabin on which to fix letters or numbers. Also, the aircraft is smaller than the
minimum required size of the letters and numbers stipulated. The FAA has previously
issued exemptions to this regulation through Exemptions Nos. 8738, 10167,
10167A and 10700.

14 C.F.R. 61.113; Private Pilot Privileges and Limitations: PIC
Persuant to 14 C.F.R. 61.113 (a) and (b), private pilots are limited to non-commercial
operations. I, Jeffrey Skelley, can achieve an equivalent level of safety as achieved by
current Regulations because my UAS does not carry any pilots or passengers. The
risks of operating my UAS are far less than the risk levels in the commercial activities
outlined in C.F.R. 61 et seq., thus allowing me to operate my UAS only in a way that
meets and exceeds current safety levels in relation to 14 C.F.R. 61.113 (a) and (b).

14 C.F.R. 91.119; Minimum Safe Altitudes
Prescribes safe altitudes for the operation of civil aircraft. It allows helicopters to be
operated at lower altitudes in certain conditions. My UAS will never be operated
above 400 AGL, and rarely more than half that. It will also be operated away from
public and traffic, providing a level of safety below the standard of 400 AGL,
equivalent to or below current minimum safe altitudes. Given the size, weight,
maneuverability and speed of my UAS, an equivalent or higher level of safety will be
achieved.

14 C.F.R. 91.45 (a); 407 (a) (1); 409 (a) (2); 417 (a) and (b); Maintenance
Inspections
Requires, amongst other things, that aircraft owners and operators to "have [the]
aircraft inspected as prescribed in subpart E of this part and shall between required
inspections, except as provided in paragraph (c) of this section, have discrepancies
repaired as prescribed in part 43 of this chapter.... "
These regulations apply only to an aircraft with an airworthiness certificate. They will
not, therefore, apply to my UAS. However, as a safety precaution I will inspect my UAS
before and after every flight.

A Summary the FAA May Publish in the Federal Register

14 C.F.R. 21 and 14 C.F.R. 91: Airworthiness Certificates, Manuals, and the Like. 14
21 Subpart H, entitled Airworthiness Certificates, sets forth requirements for
procurement of necessary airworthiness certificates in relation to FAR 91.203 (a) (1).
The size, weight, and enclosed operational area of my UAS permits exemption from

                                                            4
Jeffrey Skelley, Jeff Skelley Studio, Sedona AZ, Section 333 Exemption Petition

Part 21 because my UAS meets an equivalent level of safety pursuant to Section 333
of the Reform Act. The FAA is authorized to exempt aircraft from the airworthiness
certificate requirement under both the Act (49 U.S.C. 44701 (f) and Section 333 of
the Reform Act. Both pieces of legislation permit the FAA to exempt UAS's from the
airworthiness certificate requirement in consideration of the weight, size, speed
maneuverability and proximity to areas such as airports and dense populations. My
UAS meets or exceeds each of the elements. 14 C.F.R. 91.7 (a) prohibits the
operation of an aircraft without an airworthiness certificate. As nom such certificate
will be applicable in the form contemplated by the FAR's, this regulation is
inapplicable. 14 C.F.R. 91.9 (b) (2) requires an aircraft flight manual in the aircraft.
As there are no pilots or passengers, and given the size of the UAS's, this regulation
is inapplicable. An equivalent level of safety will be achieved by maintaining a
manual. The FAA has previously issued exemptions to this regulation in Exemption
Nos. 8607, 8737,8738, 9299, 9299A, 9565, 95658, 10167 maintenance program
that involves regular software updates and curative measures for any damaged
hardware. Therefore an equivalent level of safety will be achieved.

In Summary, Jeffrey Skelley seeks an exception from the following Regulations:
14 C.F.R. 21, subpart H; 14 C.F.R. 45.23 (b); 14 C.F.R. 61.113 (a) and (b); 14 C.F.R.
91.7 (a); 14 C.F.R. 91.9 (b) (2); 14 C.F.R. 91.103 (b); 14 C.F.R. 91.109; 14 C.F.R.
91.119; 14 C.F.R. 91.121; 14 C.F.R. 91.151 (a); 14 C.F.R. 91.203 (a) and (b); 14
C.F.R. 91.405 (a); 14 C.F.R. 91.407 (a) (1); 14 C.F.R. 91.409 (a) (2); 14 C.F.R.
91.409 (a) (2); and 14 C.F.R. 91..417 (a) (b) to commercially operate my small
unmanned lightweight aircraft to provide a beneficial and currently unavailable
service to government organizations and the general public that will serve the public
interest. It is possible to operate UAS's so as not to pose a threat to national security
or the public if done so safely and responsibly. I, Jeffrey Skelley, have proven in my
actions as USAF CAP Search and Rescue Mission Pilot and Flight Operations Officer,
and US Coast Guard Licensed Master Captain, that I will perform my duties as UAS
pilot in a safe manner and in accordance with established rules of conduct. I hereby
respectfully request that the FAA grant my exemption request.

Jeffrey

                                                         5
Jeffrey Skelley, Jeff Skelley Studio, Sedona, AZ Section 333 Exemption Petition

               Appendix A

            Civil Air Patrol Senior Member Training Program
NATIONAL HEADQUARTERS CIVIL AIR PATROL                                                  CAP PAMPHLET 210 (E)
United States Air Force Auxiliary                                                                          1 May 1985
Maxwell AFB AL 36112-5572

                                                              CIVIL AIR PATllOL
                                               SENIOR MEMBER TRAINING PROGRAM

                                                   SPECIALTY TRACK STUDY GUIDE

Flight Operutions Officer

FOREWORD

  The Flight Operations Specialty is designed to assist those individuals who have selected operations. or specifu:ally
flight ope~ations. as their field to progress from an entry level rating of technician to the highest level rating of Master
Flight Operations Officer. This track is divided into three skill ratings: (l) Technician. (2) Senior Flight OperaUons,
and (3) Master Flight Operations Officer.

a. Technician. Technician is the entry level and is designed to familiarize the individual with the basic CAP flight
operations and to prepare him for training at any unit level.
                                                               ·

   b. Senior Flight Operations Officer. A Senior Flight Operations Officer should have a thorough knowledge and
understanding of all areas of flight operations. He must be able to direct the flight operations at any unit level.

  c. Master Flight Operations Officer. A Master Flight Operations Officer has extensive knowledge of all phases of
flight operations. He must be able to direct the flight operations at any unit level. This is the final flight operations
step designed to help the individual prepare for duties as an operations officer at any level of command.

  Achievement of the above skill ratings is one of the criteria for promotion to CAP officer grades commensurate
with individual qualifications and experience. Complete details are outlined in CAPR 35-5, "CAP Officer Appoint-
ments and Promotions."

Supersedes CAPP 210, 7 June 1973.
OPR:DOO
Distribution: 1 each CAP Unit; 1 each USAF-CAP Liaison Region and Wing Liaison Office.
'.                                                                     CAPP 210 (E)
         2

            FLIGHT OPERATIONS OFFICER TRAINING GUIDE

            Tecblllclaa Rating

            1. Position Description. Performs duties as assigned       cedures for higher headquarters plans, programs, and
                                                                       directives (reference paragraph 3a(3) and (4).
            by the unit operations officer: Responsible for the
            management of CAP aircraft and aircrews at any unit                    (6) Assist in the establishment of squadron
            level.                                                     reporting procedures to determine the success of
                                                                       squadron flight operations programs.
            2. Objeltlves (Refereace Source CAPR 60-1). To
                                                                                   (7) Assist the unit operations officer in the
            develop an understanding of the flight ·management
                                                                       development of standard operating procedures for con-
            policies and procedures of CAP. These are to include
                                                                       trol and operation of unit aircraft.
            the specific limitations as to who may fly or ride in CAP
            aircraft, how CAP aircraft may be flown, safety of                     (8) Assist in the development of the neces·
                                                                       sary flight operations policies and procedures to ensure
            flight operations, and the administrative procedures       safe mission accomplishi:nent and to provide adequate
            that govern the flight operations. To prepare an in-       guidance to the unit personnel involved.
            dividual for entry into the Senior Flight Operations Of-
            ficer level of training.                                               (9) Help develop and implement accident
                                                                       prevention programs and reporting procedures.
            3. Functions and ResponsibUltles (Reference Source
            CAPR 60-J). Attainment of the Technician Level Flight                  (10) Issue required flight orders for the oper-
            Operations Officer training requires a complete ·          ations offtcer. Assure that the ''Flight Release" records

            familiarization of and proficiency in flight operations    are completed as required by CAPR 60-1.

            management at the squadron level and above.

                   a. Knowledge Reftalremeats:

                        (1) Must meet the minimum requirements                    (11) Be familiar with the standardization and

            of a CAP pilot as described in CAPR fiO..l.                evaluation program of the individual squadron and
                                                                       wing.
                      (2) Be familiar with Federal Aviation
                                                                                   (12) Establish continuing training programs
            Regulations Parts 61 and 91.                               to include, but not limited to, specific flight manual
                                                                       changes, review of the Federal Aviation Regulations,
                        (3) Be familiar with the wing's flight         night operations administrative policies and pro-
            management policies.                                       cedures, aircraft flight operations, local operating pro-
                                                                       cedures, safety, etc.
                        (4) Be familiar with CAP directives in the
            SO, 55, 60, and 62 series.                                             (13) Be aware of the safety offtcer's responsi-
                                                                       bilities and be thoroughly familiar with the operations
                        (5) Be thoroughly familiar and possess a       officer's policies and responsibilities toward the safety
            working knowledge of CAPR 60-1. ·                          program.

                   b. Performance Requirements:                                   (14) Be aware of the emergency services offi-

                        (J) Complete Level I, Senior Member            cer's responsibilities.
            Training Program.
                                                                                   {1 S) Assist the unit commander, unit opera-
                       (2) Attain 6 months experience.                 tions officer, and unit finance officer in the administr&>-
                                                                       tion of flying expenses and payments.
                        (3) Display ability to perform assigned
            duties with minimum supervision.                                  c. Addditional Training Areas. Complete review
                                                                       of FARs Parts 61 and 91; National Transportation Safe-
                        (4) Read appropriate directives.               ty Board Part 830 (rules pertaining to aircraft accidents,
                                                                       incidents, overdue aircraft, and safety investigations);
                        (5) Assist the operations offtcer to develop   CAPMs 50-15 and 20-1; CAPRs 55-1, 55-10, SO.ll, and
            and implement supplemental and augmenting pro-             76-1; and CAP Forms 78, 79, 99, 101, and 107.
    '.  CAPP 210 (E)                                                3

·.

                      FLIGHT OPERATIONS OFFICER TRAINING GUIDE

                      Senior Ratiaa

        1. Position Desaipdon. The Settlor Flisht Opera-             officer in the development of plans, programs, and
        tions Officer is a flight ~anager. He/she is responsible     directives to govern the unit or operations and to aug-
        to the group or wing commander (if filling a group or        ment or supplement higher headquarters plans, pro-
                                                                     grams, and directives.
        wing staff position) for the overall management and
        control of aircrews, aircraft, and flight operations at                  (6) Must be able to assist in the establish-
        that level of operations.                                    ment of unit reporting procedures to determine the suc-
        2. Objectives. To train an individual who is qualified       cess of squadron flight operations programs.
        to manage" the flight operations at any unit level and to
        prepare him/her for training to be an operations of-                     (7) Must have a thorough knowledge of the
        ficer.                                                      emergency services operation at any miit level.
        3. Fundions IUid Responsibilities~ Attainment of the
        Senior Level Flight Operations Officer training requires                 (8) Must become thoroughly familiar with
        a complete knowledge of and experience in flight opera-     the CAP standardization and evaluation program.
        tions and management at squadron level. It further re-
                                                                                 (9) Must be thoroughly familiar with the
        quires that the individual be proficient in group or wing   accident prevention programs and reporting procedures
                                                                    and the responsibilities of the flying safety officer.
        level flight operations management policies and pro~
        cedures.                                                                 (10) Must be able to project and control situ-
                                                                    ations to avoid unexpected safety risks involving flight
               a. Knowledge Rtqulmneats:                            operations.

                    (1) Completion of technician level training                  (11) Must be able to evaluate the flight oper-
        for flight operations officer.                              ations of his/her unit and the units assigned to the
                                                                    group or wing.
                   (2) Must be thoroughly familiar with .all
                                                                               (12) Must be thoroughly familiar and have
        Federal Aviation Regulations governing flying opera-
        tions of CAP aircraft.                                      an excellent working knowledge of all flight training
                                                                    programs of the CAP, i.e., flying clinics, FAA tligbt in·
                    (3) Must be thoroughly familiar with the        structor seminars, air mobility exercises, etc. (Reference
        region and wing flight management policies.                 CAPR S0-11, CAPR 55-10, CAPR 60-1, CAPM 50-IS.)

                    (4) Must be thoroughly familiar and have                    (13) Must develop the ability to manage
        working knowledge of CAP directives in the SO, SS, 60,      rather than operate the flight operations activities. This
        and 62 series.                                              includes the administrative procedures required in the
                                                                    flying activities, i.e., flight clinic requests, reports, and
                    (5) Must have detailed working knowledge.       financial accounting in accordance with CAPR 50-11;
        of CAPR 60-1.                                               AME requests record keeping, and reporting in accor-
                                                                    dance with CAPR 55-10.
               b. Performa~ Requirements:
                                                                                 (14) An understanding of the CAP insurance
                    (1) Complete Level II, Senior Member            program is necessary.
        Training Program.
                                                                                 (15) Upgrade to CFI is recommended.
                    (2) Be familiar with governing directives.             c. Additional Tralnlag Areas. Continued review
                    (3) Display ability to perform assigned         of FARs Parts 61 and 91; National Transportation Safe-
        duties without supervision.                                 ty Board Part 830 (rules pertaining to aircraft accidents,
                                                                    incidents, overdue aircraft, and safety investigations);
                    (4) Attain l year experience.                   CAPMs 50-15 and 20-1; CAPRs 55-I, 55-10, SO-II, and
                    (5) Must be able to assist the unit operations  76-1; and CAP Forms 78, 79, 99, 101. and 107.
.,

4 CAPP 210 (E)

                              FLIGHT OPERATIONS OmCER TRAINING GUIDE

                                     ~lterRadag

    t. Position Deseriptfoa. Qualified to perform the                      (6) Must have working knowledge of the

    duties of any unit level flight operations upon comple-     emeraency services and standardization/evaluation pro-
    tion of this level of training. Responsible for manage-     srams of CAP.
    ment of the entire flight operations program.
                                                                       b. Performllltt Requirements:
    l. · Objectives. To develop the overall flight opera-
    tions program within his/her unit of command and to                     (1) Complete Level Ul, Senior Member
    supervise tile flight operations of subordinate units.      Training Program.
    Develop a complete and thorough knowledge of all
    aspects of flight operations to enable the individual to               (2) Display knowledge of governing direc-
    efficiently, effectively, and safely manage the flight      tives.
    operations of an entire region, if required.
                                                                           (3) Display _abUity to perform assigned
    3. Functions and Respoasibllitiet. Attainment of            duties under aU conditions.
    master level flight operations offtcer requires extensive
    knowledge of and experience in the flight operations of-               (4) Attain 2 years experience.
    ficer staff position. This position is primarily m~e
    ment. It is desired but not required that the individual                (S) Must be able to develop an entire unit
    hold a certified flight instructor's certificate.           Bight operations program to include but not limited to
                                                                trainina, administrative management, accident preven-
         a. .Kaowledp Requirements:                             tion, mainten~ evaluation, financial policy (cost of
                                                                aircraft), reporting procedures. etc.
         (1) Must have completed senior flight opcr·
                                                                           (6) Must function primarily as manaacr and
    ations officer traininz.         ·                          not operator. Leadership ls of the utmost importance.

         (2) Must be extensively knowledpable of .U                         (7) Must be able to evaluate performance

    of the requirements for senior and technician level train-  and advise the unit operations officer and commander
                                                                as to ways and means to correct deficiencies in flight
    i~.                       .                                 operations of individual unit level of command as welt

                (3) Must have extensive knowledge of            as subordinate·levels of command.
    CAPR 60-1, FARs Parts 61 and 91.
                                                                      e. Addltleaal TniDID& Areas. Continued review
                (4) Must have extensive knowledge of all        of PARs Parts 61 and 91; Nationalll'ansportation Safe-
    CAP directives in the SO, SS, 60 and 6l series.             ty Board Part 830 (rules pertaining to an aircraft ac-
                                                                cidents, incidents, overdue aircraft, and safety in-
                (S) Must have experience as a flight opera-     vestigations); CAPMa 50-ts and 20-1; CAPRa 55-1,
    tions officer.                                              55-10, S0-11, and 76-1; and CAP Forms 78, 19, 99, 101
                                                                and 107.
Jeffrey Skelley, Jeff Skelley Studio, Sedona, AZ Section 333 Exemption Petition

               Appendix B

           DJI INSPIRE 1 Features and Specifications
Inspire 1,- Features IDn                                                                                                                                            http://www.dj i.corn/product/inspire-1/feature

      r./1 i'''1 1" -,__:____;~'_) 1-r· .· r".11·."N''-",J·., ·o,J .-.'-..' . d--. Http·//www·dii com/\  l!! Store fHttps://store.dii.com/\  Products v (Http://www.dji.com/productsl

      Support (Http://www.dji.com/suppoitl -·· · ''Hiniiriunity .v-
                                                       -·. :· ~,-

                                                                                                                                             Search dji.com ...  Q

                                                                                                                                             Specs fHttp·IIININW djj com/prodtJctljnspire-1/spec)

      Vjdeos lHttp·/fwww dii com/product/jnspire-1/vjdeol Qownloads lHttp·/!ymw djj com/product/jnspire-1/down!oadl FAD (Http·/!ww.ty dji com/pmduct/jnspjre-1/faql

      Dealers (Http·lfwww dji com/producWnspjre-1/dealer) 24-Hour Support lHttp'/fwww dji com{jnfo/news/24-hour-technjcal-support-jnspire-11                     Buy Now fHttps·//store Qji com/product/jnspjre-11

1of8                                                                                                                                         ADVANCED,
                                                                                                                                             READY-TO-FLY DESIGN

                                                                                                                                             Imagine holding the future in your hands. Designed to be p,Q.werful
                                                                                                                                             while lightweight, flexible while providing the stability you need, the
                                                                                                                                             Inspire 1 is DJI's most advanced complete package. All of the latest
                                                                                                                                             aerial technology is packed into one simple, ready-to-fly system,
                                                                                                                                             putting you in the sky within minutes.
                                                                                                                                             LEARN MORE>

                                                                                                                                             Uproduct/jnspire-1/flight-controll

                                                                                                                                                                                                    1/18/2015 09:04
Inspire 1.- Features IDJI  http://www.dji.com/product/inspire-1/feature

                                POWERFUL PROPULSION SYSTEM

                           The Inspire 1's propulsion system is unique among all flight platforms. Were-engineered
                              and re-built the system to handle the demands of advanced flight, while increasing
                                                                       efficiency and reliability.
                                                                           I EARN MORE>

                                                                                  Uproduct/inspire-1/propulsjon-systeml

2 of8                                                        AERODYNAMIC
                                                      TRANSFORMING DESIGN

                           Carbon fiber arms give you the strength to maneuver in the air and they transform, moving out of the camera's way at the flick of a switch.
                                     With a full 360° unobstructed view, you now have the freedom to capture shots independent of the direction you are flying.

                            Every part, every component of the Inspire 1 was engineered to be durable and lightweight. The body's aerodynamic design cuts through
                                          the sky and further enhances your control over the aircraft. This ensures long flight times and a long operational life.

                                                                                                                                                       1118/2015 09:04
Inspire 1,- Features I DJI                                                                                   http://www.dji.comlproduct/inspire-llfeature

                                       MODULAR, UPGRADEABLE SYSTEM

                            Inspire 1's gimbal and camera system can be removed from the aircraft for safe transport and future upgrades.

          NEW CAMERA AND
          GIMBAL SYSTEM

               Get crystal clear images with DJI's most advanced camera to date.
              The gimbal holding your camera is the result of DJI's years of
               expertise in camera stabilization, giving you smooth, stable
               footage in any flight conditions.

               · Video: 4K @ 24-30 fps, or 1080p @ 24-60fps,
              ·Photos: 12 Megapixels
               · Lens: 9 elements in 9 groups including an aspherical element
               · 1/2.3 inch CMOS sensor
               · 94° wide-angle FOV
               · 3-axis, 360° rotating gimbal
              LEARN MORE>

                  UprodtJct/jnspj re-1/cameral

       LIVE HD VIEW

       A beautiful, 720p HD view shows you exactly what your camera sees at all times. Frame your shots and
       fly as though you're in the sky yourself.

       This is made possible by an all new and improved version of DJI's Lightbridge technology which can
       transmit video from up to 2km away.

3 of8                                                                                                                                      1118/2015 09:04
Inspire 1.- Features IDJI                                                                                           http://www.dji.com'product/inspire-llfeature
                                                                                                                    B\JlUDitO

                                  CREATE TOGETHER

                           For an even greater level of precision, use a second remote
                           controller and fly with a friend. With two operators controlling
                           the same Inspire 1, one person pilots the flight path while the
                           other aims the gimbal and camera.

                           Each user can have their own screen to see exactly what is
                           being shot in real-time. By working in tandem, you're capturing
                           shots that are more complex and artistic than ever before.

                                                             I EARN MORE>

                                                                Vproduct/inspire·1/remotel

                           FLY INDOORS AND WITHOUT GPS
                           USING VISION POSITIONING SYSTEM

                           Indoor flight has always been a true test of skill for all levels of pilots. Djl's new
                           Vision Positioning technology uses a specially designed camera as well as sonic
                           waves to bring simplicity to flying indoors. This technology allows the Inspire to hold
                           its position, stop when the controls are released, and respond to your commands
                           even when GPS is unavailable.

                           LtARN MORE>

                           Uproducr/j nspjre-1 tvision-posjtjonjng)

4 of8                                                                                                               1118/2015 09:04
Inspire 1.- Features IDJI                                                                                       http://www.dj i.com/product/inspire-1/feature

                    INTELLIGENT POWER
                    MANAGEMENT SYSTEM

                                          A fully integrated intelligent battery powers your Inspire 1 and
                                          virtually manages itself.

                                          When in flight, your remaining battery power is shown live,
                                           letting you know how long you can continue to fly. Advanced
                                          algorithms calculate the distance of your aircraft and estimated
                                          time to return home, letting you know when it's time to fly back.

                                          The battery reports the voltage of each cell, the total lifetime
                                           charges and discharges, and the overall health and battery
                                          status. All this helps you keep your Inspire 1 in the air and flying
                                          for years to come.

                                 FULL-FEATURED APP

                    Install the mobile app onto your phone or tablet and you'll see what your Inspire 1 sees
                                           while taking control of its camera and flight settings.

       MANUAL MODE                                                                                              AUTO-TAKEOFF AND LANDING
                                                                                                                Takeoff and landing is easier than ever before, with both functio
5 of8
                                                                                                                                                                  1118/2015 09:04
Inspire 1.- Features IDJI                                                                                                                     http://www.dji.com/product/inspire-l!feature

                                                   ~lslqlMVftl~tl'li settings, including ISO, White Balance,                    ~W~V@.t51£Wiif~:+6\lt Inspire 1 will hover and
                                                         ~tf1Jlmn~~,!Jli!!t111tlialll!l«l~.trree                                IUII!#~@~~~)lr~~~
                                                 IU;P)!!!Bii'blB~EWhlhiam!led1l!!BdJsllfuilillfJilertraoeti ll@:ilml fligh:l r  ~illgiiii~J11mrjliTIDt8"BIJ!1EfiglmlGity~rfdrgtrr
                                                   pata.boat allowing the return-to-home point to move where the                you're most comfortable with.
                                                   operator goes. Multiple configurations are available via the Dynamic
                                                   Home Point function.

       THE COMPLETE PACKAGE,
       AND THE LATEST TECHNOLOGY,
       FROM THE MOST TRUSTED NAME IN AERIAL
       PLATFORMS, Djl.

6 of8                                                                                                                           1/18/2015 09:04
Inspire 1.- Features IDJI                                                                                http://www.dji.com/product/inspire-l/feature

                                                   DEDICATED CONTROLS

                           Take absolute control of your Inspire 1 with DJI's most sophisticated remote controller to date. Featuring dedicated buttons
                           for photo and video capture, a gimbal control dial, an integrated rechargeable battery and more, it's easy and intuitive to fly.

                                    The controller has an mini-HDMI and USB port allowing you to connect mobile devices or compatible screens.

                                                                                                                              Return Home  One Button    One
                                                                                                                                             Take-off  Button
                           EASY, SAFE FLIGHT                                                                                                           Landing

                           Even if you've never flown before, taking off and landing your Inspire 1 is easy and                                        Dynamic
                           safe. It takes just one tap to make your Inspire 1 takeoff and transform, ready to                                          Home
                           start filming. Then tap again to have it transform into landing mode and land.                                              Point
                           When GPS is available, the Home Point (the location you are standing) automatically
                           refreshes, so your Inspire 1 always knows where you are even if you move around.
                           When you tell it to come back, or in case of an emergency, it knows exactly where to
                           go and land safely.

7 of8                      A COMPLETE READY-TO-FLY

                                                                               1/18/2015 09:04
Inspire 1.- Features IDTI                  http://www.dj i.cornlproduct/inspire-1/feature

                           SYSTEM

                           Everything you need is included and ready to go, offering ym
                           aerial filmmaking tool in one box. just add your mobile device or
                           to use the live HD view.

                   INSPIRE 1 CAMERA MOUNT

                                     Take the Inspire 1 camera from the air to the ground with this handheld system.
                                     Coming soon.

       About Dll fhtqr//www dji com/company> I Contact Oil fhtq,r//www dii com/contact) 1 News fhttp"//www dii.com/infol I Media Coverage lhttp·lfwww dji com/info/media-coveragel
       I Showcase fhtq;r/fwww dji com/showcase) I Careers fhttp'//we dii com/en htmf) I 011 Wjki fhttp·flwiki dii com/enl I After-sales Service Policies fhttp'/!y.tww dii com/service>
       I Website Feedback f/support/website-feedbackl I Oil SDK lhttp'//dev dji coml

               ') lhttp'/fw.Nw djj com!) Copyright© 2015 Dj! All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy fhttp·llww.r.r dii com
       lR9.licy)_ Terms of \lse fbttp·ttwww dji com/terms)

8 of8                                                                                                                                                                                    1/18/2015 09:04
Inspire 1.- Specs IDJI                                                                                                                           http://www.dji.com/product/inspire-l/spec

                                                                            l!! Store (Https://store.dji.com/)  Products v (Http://www.dji.com/products)

       Support (Http://www.dji.com/suppoitr :. _., :-·c<Orr\mtfnity .,;.«·

                                                                                                                Search dji.com...            Q.                     U~f~:i#:~~j~,f~~g~ijPJ. ~~#~~~~:fountryl

                                                                                                                                                                      ·.:::,_!,; ~L-.i :·. :· -~.u 'l'(..:~s-:: r1

       Vjdeos fHttp·flwww dij com/productlinspjre-J!vjdeol Downloads !Http·/fwww djj com/producVjospjre-1/downloadl FAD !Http'/fwww djj com/product/jnspjre-1/faql

       Dealers fHttp·/fwww dii com/prodtJCt/jnspire-1/dealed 24-Hour Support lHttp'/fwMN dij com/info/ngwsf24-houNechnica!-supporHnspjre-ll  Byy Now fHttps·ffstore djj com/prodtJct!inspjre-1 l

       Aircraft         Model                                                                                   T600
                        Weight (Battery Included)                                                               2935g
                        Hovering Accuracy (GPS Mode)                                                            Vertical: 0.5 m
                        Max Angular Velocity                                                                    Horizontal: 2.5 m
                        Max Tilt Angle                                                                          Pitch: 300°/S
                        Max Ascent Speed                                                                        Yaw: 150°/s
                        Max Descent Speed                                                                       35°
                        Max Speed                                                                               5m/s
                        Max Flight Altitude                                                                     4m/s
                        Max Wind Speed Resistance                                                               22m/s(ATII mode, no wind)
                        Max Flight Time                                                                         4500m
                        Motor Model                                                                             10m/s
                        Propeller Model                                                                         Approximately 18 minutes
                        Indoor Hovering                                                                         DJI3510
                        Operating Temperature Range                                                             Djl1345
                        Diagonal Distance                                                                       Enabled by default
                        Dimensions                                                                              -10° to 40° C
                                                                                                                559to 581 mm
                                                                                                                438x451x301 mm

1 of4                                                                                                                                                               INSPIRE 1

                                                                                                                                                                        1/18/2015 09:02
Inspire 1.- Specs IDJI          Model                                                         http://www.dji.com/product'inspire-llspec
                                Output Power (With Camera)
                        Gimbal  Operating Current             ZENMUSEX3
                                Angular Vibration Range
                        Camera  Mounting                      Static: 9W
                                Controllable Range            In Motion: 11 W
                                Mechanical Range              Station: 750 rnA
                                Max Controllable Speed        Motion: 900 rnA
                                                              ±0.03°
                                Name
                                Model                         Detachable
                                Total Pixels
                                Effective Pixels              Pitch: .go· to +30·
                                Image Max Size                Pan: ±320·
                                ISO Range                     Pitch: -125· to +45·
                                FOV (Field Of View)           Pan: ±330°
                                CMOS                          Pitch: 120·1s
                                Lens                          Pan: 1so·ts

                                Still Photography Modes       X3

                                Video Recording Modes         FC350

                                Max Bitrate Of Video Storage  12.76M
                                Supported File Formats
                                                              12.4M
                                Supported SD Card Types
                                Operating Temperature Range   4000x3000

                                                              100-3200 (video)
                                                              100-1600 (photo)

                                                              Sony EXMOR 1/2.3"

                                                              20mm (35mm format equivalent)f/2.8 focus at~
                                                              9 Elements in 9 groups
                                                              Anti-distortion
                                                              Single shoot
                                                              Burst shooting: 3/5/7 frames
                                                              Auto Exposure Bracketing (AEB): 3/5 bracketed frames at 0.7EV Bias
                                                              Time-lapse
                                                              UHD (41<): 4096x2160p24/25, 3840x2160p24/25130
                                                              FHD: 1920x1 080p24/25130/4B/50/60
                                                              HD: 1280x720p24/25/30/48/50/60
                                                              60 Mbps

                                                              FAT3Z/exFAT
                                                              Photo: JPEG, DNG
                                                              Video: MP4/MOV (MPEG-4 AVC/H.264)
                                                              SD/SDHC/SDXC Micro SD
                                                              Max capacity: 64GB. Class 10 or UHS-1 rating required.

                                                              a· to40° c

2 of4                                                         1118/2015 09:02
Inspire 1,- Specs IDJI                                                                                                            http://www.dji.com/product/inspire-1/spec

                        Remote Controller   Name                                              C1
                                            Operating Frequency
                        Charger                                                               922.7-927.7 MHz Oapan Only)
                        Battery (Standard)  Transmitting Distance (Outdoor And Unobstructed)  5.728-5.850 GHz
                                            EIRP                                              2.40D--2.483 GHz
                                                                                              2km

                                                                                              10dBm@900m, 13dBm@5.8G, 20dBm@2.4G

                                            USB, mini-HDMI                                    Video Output Port
                                            Power Supply
                                            Charging                                          Built-in battery
                                            Dual User Capability                              DJI charger
                                            Mobile Device Holder                              Host-and-Slave connection
                                            Max Mobile Device Width                           Tablet or Phone
                                            Output Power                                      170mm
                                            Operating Temperature Range                       9W
                                            Storage Temperature Range                         -10° to 40° C
                                            Charging Temperature Range
                                            Battery                                           Less than 3 months: -20° to 45° c

                                                                                              More than 3 months: 22° to 28° C
                                                                                              0-40°C
                                                                                              6000 mAh LiPo 2S

                                            Model                                             A14-100P1A
                                            Voltage                                           26.3V
                                            Rated Power                                       100W

                                            Name                                              Intelligent Flight Battery
                                            Model                                             TB47
                                            Capacity                                          4500mAh
                                            Voltage                                           22.2V
                                            Battery Type                                      LiPo 6S High voltage battery
                                            Energy                                            99.9Wh
                                            Net Weight                                        570g
                                            Operating Temperature Range                       -10°to40°C
                                            Storage Temperature Range
                                            Charging Temperature Range                        Less than 3 months: -zoo to 45° c
                                            Max Charging Power
                                                                                              More than 3 months: 22° C to 28° C

                                                                                              0° to40° c

                                                                                              180W

3 of4                                                                                                                             1/18/2015 09:02
Inspire I.- Specs IDll                      Name                                                               http://www.dji.cornlproduct/inspire-1/spec
                                            Model
                        Battery (Optional)  Capacity                           Intelligent Flight Battery
                                            Voltage                            TB48
                        Vision Positioning  Battery Type                       5700mAh
                        DJI Pilot App       Energy                             22.8V
                                            Net Weight                         LiPo65
                                            Operating Temperature Range        129.96Wh
                                            Storage Temperature Range          670g
                                            Charging Temperature Range
                                            Max Charging Power                 -10°to40° c

                                            Velocity Range                     Less than 3 months: -20 to 45° C
                                            Altitude Range                     More than 3 months: 22o to 28° C
                                            Operating Environment
                                            Operating Range                    oo to 40° c

                                            Mobile Device System Requirements  180W
                                            Supported Mobile Devices
                                                                               Below 8 m/s (2m above ground)
                                                                               5-500cm
                                                                               Brightly lit (lux> 15) patterned surfaces
                                                                               0-250cm

                                                                               Android version 4.1.2 or later
                                                                               * Samsung 54, 55, Note 3, ?900 tablet, Sony Z3 EXPERIA, Google Nexus 7 II, Mi 3,
                                                                               Nubia lJ mini
                                                                               *Support for additional Android devices available as testing and development
                                                                               continues

      !About 011 fhttp·l/www dH com/companyl I Contact Q!l fhttp·flwww dii com/contact) I News fhttp'/fwww dji com/info) Media Coverage fhttp·l/www dH com/jnfo/media-coveragel
      I I IShowcase fhttj;)"//wwyv dji com/showr;asel ] Careers fhttp·l/we dii com/en htmll Qll Wjki fhttp·//wiki dji com/en) After-sales Service Policies fhtt(;f//WJVWdii com/service)

      I Website Feedback Usupportlwebsite-feedbackl I Dll SDK fhttp'//dev dii coml

      r"::>,t/;' fhttp'//WWW dii com/l Copyright© 2015 Djl All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy (http"/1\f\M/\N dii com

      ~ Terms of Use fhttp·Uwv.,w dij com/rermsl

4of4                                                                                                                                                                                      1118/2015 09:02
Jeffrey Skelley, Jeff Skelley Studios, Sedona, AZ Section 333 Exemption Petition

               Appendix C

                               SEDONA, AZ
'~ t
'~·,. .. ·.
           .
           '

 / j.,

i
