September 8, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12790
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­1969

Ms. Jacqueline L. Patterson, PE
President, Principal Engineer
J.L. Patterson and Associates, Inc.
725 West Town and Country Road, Suite 300
Orange, CA 92868

Dear Ms. Patterson:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated May 21, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of J.L. Patterson & Associates, Inc. (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an
exemption. The petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to
conduct mapping and survey support.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a SenseFly eBee.
                                                                                                                 2

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, J.L. Patterson and Associates, Inc. is granted an
exemption from 14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a),
91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and
91.417(a) and (b), to the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                             3

aerial data collection. This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed
below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, J.L. Patterson and Associates, Inc. is hereafter referred to as
the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the SenseFly eBee
    when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any
    other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
    not permitted.

3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
    exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
    compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
    airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
    aircraft manufacturer.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.

    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
    electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
    must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
    required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
                                                                                                            4

    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
                                                                                                            5

    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
                                                                                       6

exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial

    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must

    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical

    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
                                                                                               7

reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
    as documented in this grant of exemption.

30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
    exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
    District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
    notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
    must include at least the following:
      a. Dates and times for all flights;
      b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
          under this grant of exemption;
      c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
          the UAS;
      d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
      e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
      f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
          and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
          who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
      g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
      h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
          town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
          essential to accomplish the operation.

31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons

    consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
    exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                                                 8
This exemption terminates on September 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.
Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
May 21, 2015

U.S. Department of Transportation
Docket Management System
1200 New Jersey Ave., SE
Washington, DC 20590

Re: Exemption Request under Section 333 of the FAA Reform Act and Part 11 of the Federal
Aviation Regulations

Dear Sir or Madam:

Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (the "Reform Act")
and 14 C.F.R. Part 11, J.L. Patterson & Associates, Inc. ("JLP"), an operator of the eBee Unmanned
Aircraft System ("eBee") manufactured by SenseFly SA of Switzerland, seeks an exemption from
the Federal Aviation Regulations ("FARs") listed below:

 14 C.F.R. 21, Subpart H            14 C.F.R. 91.9
 14 C.F.R. 45.23                    14 C.F.R. 91.109(a) & 91.319 (a) (1)
 14 C.F.R. 45.29                    14 C.F.R. 91.119
 14 C.F.R. 61.3                     14 C.F.R. 91.121
 14 C.F.R. 61.113(a)&(b)            14 C.F.R. 91.151(a)
 14 C.F.R. 61.133(a)                14 C.F.R. 91.203(a) & (b)
 14 C.F.R. 91.7(a)                  14 CFR Subpart E (91.401 - 91.417)

The requested exemption would authorize commercial operations using the eBee for mapping and
survey support applications of railroad corridors. These operations will be subject to strict operating
requirements defined in the eBee user manual (JLP requests the FAA treat the eBee training
program, user manual, maintenance manual & risk assessment as proprietary under 14 C.F.R.
11.35(b) and does not include this document in the public docket) and conditions defined by the
Safety Code of the Academy of Model Aeronautics (see Annex B), in order to ensure at least an
equivalent level of safety to currently authorized operations using manned aircrafts.

The aircraft carries an onboard geo-referenced still camera that allows it to conduct precision
photogrammetry at the resolution necessary for highly accurate topographic mapping. The resulting
data is used to improve efficiencies in engineering efforts related to accurately planning, designing
and constructing railroad infrastructure for both private railroads and rail transit agencies and port
authorities alike.

Our firm also serves as first responders involving railroad incidents for several private and public
railroad owners and agencies. As such it is common for our organization to be called upon to survey,
record and analyze the aftermath when railroad incidents occur, deployment of the eBee for
emergency response documentation and analysis of accident sites greatly enhances the speed and
safety of personnel performing the field recon work in addition to protecting the integrity of the
accident site during the early stages of the investigation.

725 W TOWN & COUNTRY RD., SUITE 300 · ORANGE, CA 92868 · TEL (714) 835-6355 · FAX (714) 835-6671
In the examples above, use of an airborne survey vehicle specifically prevents the need of personnel
to enter dangerous areas of an operating railroad which is subject to strict FRA rules under 49 CFR
Part 214, Subpart C - Roadway Worker Protection. By approving these exemptions, the FAA will
create benefits to both public agencies and private railroads which are ultimately in the public
interest.
The eBee will be operated in the field with both a Pilot in Command (PIC) and a ground-based
Visual Observer (VO) in accordance with FAA Policy N 8900.227 Section 14 "Operational
Requirements for UAS" with the following additional restrictions:

     All operations will occur in Class G airspace at no more than 400 ft. above ground level
         (AGL).

     Operations will occur over railroad properties with the permission of the owner.
     All required permits will be obtained from state and local government prior to operation.
     The aircraft will not be operated at air shows or over an open-air assembly of people.
     Operations will be limited to daytime and visual meteorological conditions (VFR flight

         rules) by an individual who fulfill the following requirements:
             o Aircraft will remain within Visual Line of Sight (VLOS) at no greater than 1/2NM
                  from the PIC at all times
             o While the aircraft is airborne, the VO will be positioned within voice and/or radio
                  distance from the PIC.
             o Has successfully passed a manufacturer's training program, for the eBee; JLP
                  requests the FAA treat the eBee training program as proprietary under 14 C.F.R.
                  11.35(b) and does not include this document in the public docket;
             o Has a Private Pilot license.

     The PIC and VO will meet the requirements outlined in FAA Policy N 8900.227 Section 16
         Personnel Qualifications. Additionally, the PIC and VO will perform maintenance on the
         system and will complete a course of maintenance instruction as part of their initial training
         from the manufacturer. Due to the simplicity of the system, we do not anticipate the need
         for a supplemental pilot.

When performing UAS mapping operations on active railroad rights-of-way, the PIC and VO will
be under the jurisdiction of the Federal Railroad Administration (FRA). In compliance with 49 CFR
Part 214, Subpart C - Roadway Worker Protection, any personnel whose duties require that they
enter an active/operating railroad property, must obtain an initial 40 hours of owner approved safety
training and an 8 hour annual refresher course. It is JLP policy that the operator of our UAS must
carry evidence of compliance with 49 CFR Part 214, Subpart C - Roadway Worker Protection
whether entering railroad right-of-way or not, in the form of an approved ID detailing the time and
date of the conforming training. While FRA regulations do not apply to the National Airspace
System (NAS), we feel these added safety regulations further enhance our awareness and intent to
operate a UAS with the utmost care, attention to safety both under FRA and FAA regulations and
enhance the safety of our UAS operation overall. Furthermore, the use of a UAS will help reduce
and in many cases eliminate the need for personnel to enter hazardous and dangerous operating
railroad right-of-way to measure and collect topographic data. Use of a UAS can help prevent injury
and the loss of life where personnel duties require them to otherwise enter operating railroad rights-
of-way.

      725 W TOWN & COUNTRY RD., SUITE 300 · ORANGE, CA 92868 · TEL (714) 835-6355 · FAX (714) 835-6671
1. CHARACTERISTICS OF THE AIRCRAFT
The eBee is a small (37.8 inches wingspan) and ultra-light (maximum take-off weight of 1.7
pounds) platform made of flexible foam that performs pre-programmed precision aerial mapping
missions thanks to the on-board GPS and the related flight management software (eMotion) that
allows the operator to plan safely and efficiently a mission in 3D, and then monitor it in real-time.
Thanks to the embedded camera, protected by a foam envelope, the eBee takes a collection of high-
definition still images that are used later to generate maps and contour lines of the surveyed area.
The four main characteristics of the eBee are:
a. Very light weight
The eBee is so light that the operator can launch it by hand and let it land on almost any surface
without requiring a parachute or landing net (belly land). Its low impact energy (38 J in case of a
controlled emergency landing) also significantly reduces the risk of hazardous situations. Finally,
the wings of the eBee are detachable and made of flexible foam with no sharp or hard edges and
almost no internal strengthening structure.
b. Electric-powered
The eBee is electric powered. A brushless engine technology makes it silent and reliable. The
propeller is attached with a rubber band to the body of the plane so that it can easily flex away in
case of contact with any object.
c. Semi-automatic flight
The artificial intelligence incorporated within the eBee autopilot system continuously analyzes data
from the Inertial Measurement Unit and from the onboard GPS and takes care of all the aspects of
the flight under the supervision of the operator.
d. Option for Manual control
Additionally, the eBee provides an override capability that allows the operator to take manual
actions during the flight (Go to Home, Go Land, Hold and Resume the mission) and also suspend
automated operations and take manual control of the aircraft should it become necessary to respond
emergent circumstances, thanks to the remote controller provided with the system.
2. APPLICATIONS
The intended applications are specifically for aerial mapping of railroad corridors that are heavily
industrial in nature and away from the general public to support:

     Emergency Response Documentation and or Analysis
     Planning, designing and constructing railroad infrastructure.

      725 W TOWN & COUNTRY RD., SUITE 300 · ORANGE, CA 92868 · TEL (714) 835-6355 · FAX (714) 835-6671
3. APPLICABLE LEGAL STANDARD UNDER SECTION 333
a. Airworthiness assessment of the eBee
JLP notes that the airworthiness of the eBee has already been demonstrated for different projects in
the United States, involving state/federal agencies or universities (among others the New Mexico
State University: https://newscenter.nmsu.edu/Articles/view/10208/nmsu-uas-flight-test-center-
conducts-ebee-airworthiness-assessment, and the USACE New Orleans, who coordinated with the
Department of Army and the FAA to obtain all authorizations required in order to operate the eBee
UAS).
Moreover, SenseFly obtained flight approvals for the eBee (delivered by national civil aviation
authorities) in many countries, among others:

     Switzerland (flight approval for VLOS operations)
     Canada (flight approval for VLOS operations)
     Australia (flight approval for VLOS operations)
     France (flight approval for Extended-VLOS operations)
     Germany (flight approval for VLOS operations)
     United Kingdom (flight approval for VLOS operations)
     Norway (flight approval for VLOS operations)
     Sweden (flight approval for VLOS operations)
     Denmark (flight approval for VLOS operations)
b. Operating requirements

Grant of the exemption to JLP for the eBee will be subject to the following operating conditions,
based on the operating conditions set forth by the Academy of Model Aeronautics (see Annex B).
The main restrictions are summarized below:

     Operations to be conducted over private, controlled-access, or public property where
         approved;

     Permission from the land owner/authority required before commencing any flight;
     Operations over congested areas shall be avoided;
     Operations must not interfere with manned aircraft operations, must yield the right of way

         to manned aircraft, and operators must See & Avoid other aircraft and obstacles at all times
     Operations limited to Visual Flight Rules Meteorological Conditions (VMC) and daylight

         hours
     Aircraft operations must remain within Visual Line of Sight (VLOS) and will be visually

         monitored at all times;
     VLOS guaranteed with a GPS geo-fence around operator of 0.5 miles
     Flight ceiling pre-programed at 400 feet;
     All operations conducted within 5 miles from an airport shall only be initiated after verbal

         coordination with the airport authority, or air traffic control when a control tower is present
         at the airport;

      725 W TOWN & COUNTRY RD., SUITE 300 · ORANGE, CA 92868 · TEL (714) 835-6355 · FAX (714) 835-6671
 All operations shall comply with required permissions and permits established by territorial,
    state, county or city jurisdictions; including local law enforcement, fire, or other appropriate
    governmental agencies.

 The eBee operations will be compliant with existing safety procedures inherent to the
    activities of the related company.

c. Operator Requirements

The eBee operator will have a Private Pilot license and will successfully have passed a
manufacturer's training program for the eBee.

3. CONCLUSION

We submit that the combination of the aircraft's light weight, historically demonstrated flight
performance, qualified flight crew and strict operation under the guidelines established in 8900.227,
the FAA can have confidence that the operation will have an equivalent or greater level of safety to
manned aircraft performing the same mission.

The name and contact information of the applicant are:

J.L. Patterson & Associates, Inc.  J.L. Patterson & Associates, Inc.
Attn: Marc Cañas                   Jacqueline L. Patterson, PE
Vice President, GIS Professional   President, Principal Engineer
Phone: (714) 835-6355 ext: 217     Phone: (714) 835-6355 ext: 219
Fax: (714) 835-6671                Fax: (714) 835-6671
Email: macanas@jlpatterson.com     Email: jlpatterson@jlpatterson.com

Sincerely,
J.L. Patterson & Associates, Inc.

Jacqueline L. Patterson, P.E.
President

Appendices:
A. Exemption Request and Equivalent Level of Safety
B. Academy of Model Aeronautics Safety Requirements
C. Privacy Issues
D. Safety Case

725 W TOWN & COUNTRY RD., SUITE 300 · ORANGE, CA 92868 · TEL (714) 835-6355 · FAX (714) 835-6671
APPENDIX A: EXEMPTION REQUEST AND EQUIVALENT LEVEL OF SAFETY
SHOWINGS UNDER APPLICABLE RULES SUBJECT TO EXEMPTION

JLP requests an exemption from the following regulations as well as any additional regulations that
may technically apply to the operation of the eBee:

14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H: Airworthiness Certificates
14 CFR § 91.203(a)(1)

Section 91.203 requires all civil aircraft to have a certificate of airworthiness. Part 21, Subpart H,
entitled Airworthiness Certificates, establishes the procedural requirements for the issuance of
airworthiness certificates as required by FAR § 91.203(a). Given the size of the eBee, its very light
weight (the maximum take-off weight is 1.7 pounds) and the limited operating area associated with
its utilization, it is unnecessary to go through the certificate of airworthiness process under Part 21
Subpart H in order to achieve or exceed current safety levels.

Such an exemption meets the requirements of an equivalent level of safety under Part 11 and Section
333 of the Reform Act. The Federal Aviation Act and Section 333 of the Reform Act both authorize
the FAA to exempt aircraft from the requirement for an airworthiness certificate, upon consideration
of the size, weight, speed, operational capability, and proximity to airports and populated areas of
the UAS involved. An analysis of these different criteria demonstrates that the eBee operated
without an airworthiness certificate, under the conditions proposed in that exemption, will be at
least as safe, or safer, than a conventional aircraft with an airworthiness certificate. A proprietary
risk assessment for operations with the eBee, which demonstrates that assertion, is also being
submitted to the FAA as part of this application. JLP requests the FAA treat the eBee risk
assessment as proprietary under 14 C.F.R. 11.35(b) and not include this document in the public
docket.

14 C.F.R. § 45.23 & 14 C.F.R. § 45.29: Display of marks; size of marks

These regulations provide that each aircraft must display "N" and the aircraft's registration number
in letters at least 3 inches high. Additionally, the aircraft must display the word
"EXPERIMENTAL" in letters at least 2 inches high near the entrance to the cabin, cockpit, or pilot
station.

Given the size of the eBee (wingspan of 37.8 inches), this requirement is impossible to match.

14 C.F.R. § 61.3: Requirements for certificates, ratings and authorizations
14 C.F.R. § 61.113(a) & (b); 61.133(a): Private Pilot Privileges and Limitations; Pilot in
Command; Commercial Pilot Privileges and Limitations

The regulation provides that no person may serve as a required pilot flight crewmember of a civil
aircraft of the United States, unless that person:

(1) Has a pilot certificate or special purpose pilot authorization issued under this part in that person's
physical possession or readily accessible in the aircraft when exercising the privileges of that pilot
certificate or authorization. However, when the aircraft is operated within a foreign country, a pilot
license issued by that country may be used.

The regulation provides also that no person that holds a private pilot certificate may act as pilot in
command of an aircraft for compensation or hire. Subparagraph (b) allows a private pilot to act as
pilot in command of an aircraft in connection with any business or employment if:
(1) The flight is only incidental to that business or employment;
(2) The aircraft does not carry passengers or property for compensation or hire.
Given the safety features of the eBee and the fact that the missions are pre-programmed and
monitored in real-time with a specific flight management software (eMotion), SenseFly proposes
that operators of the eBee should not be required to hold a commercial pilot certification. Instead,
operators should be required to:
Have a private pilot license and have successfully passed a manufacturer's training program for the
eBee.
14 C.F.R. § 91.7(a): Civil aircraft airworthiness
This regulation requires that no person may operate a civil aircraft unless it is in airworthy
condition. Should the exemption be granted allowing commercial operation of the eBee without
an airworthiness certificate, no standard will exist for airworthiness of the eBee. Given the size of
the aircraft and the previous airworthiness assessments given to the eBee, among others:

     New Mexico State University: https://newscenter.nmsu.edu/Articles/view/10208/nmsu-
         uas-flight-test-center-conducts-ebee-airworthiness-assessment

     USACE New Orleans, who coordinated with the Department of Army and the FAA to
         obtain all authorizations required in order to operate the eBee UAS for levee system
         monitoring, documentation of construction progress, and extensive oblique photography of
         USACE structures & activities

An equivalent level of safety will be achieved by insuring compliance with the SenseFly manuals
prior to each flight.
14 C.F.R. § 91.9: Civil aircraft flight manual, marking, and placard requirements.
This regulation provides that no person may operate an aircraft unless a current, approved flight
manual is in the aircraft. JLP assumes that the intent of this requirement is to ensure that flight
manual information is available to the aircrew while operating the aircraft. JLP requests an
exemption to this requirement since the aircraft is not only too small to carry documentation, the
documentation would not be available to the crew.
The equivalent level of safety will be achieved by keeping a hard copy of the flight manual in the
eBee transportation box.
14 C.F.R. § 91.109(a) & 91.319(a)(1): Flight Instruction
The regulation provides that "No person may operate a civil aircraft that is being used for flight
instruction unless that aircraft has fully functioning dual controls."
Flight instruction will be accomplished through an elaborated training program, using first the
simulation mode of the flight management software eMotion. The equivalent level of safety during
the training will be achieved by the manufacturer or authorized distributor providing the training
and through the use of experienced and qualified operators familiar with the eBee.
14 CFR § 91.119: Minimum Safe Altitudes
The regulation provides that over sparsely populated areas the aircraft cannot be operated closer
than 500 feet to any person, vessel, vehicle, or structure. Since the aircraft will be operating at a
maximum of 400 feet AGL, the eBee cannot comply with this requirement.
The equivalent level of safety will be achieved because the eBee will only fly over private property
with the permission of the landowner. The operator will define before every flight a working area
radius and a flight area ceiling, preventing the eBee to go beyond the flight area.
The landowner and the persons who may be on the ground in the flight area will be briefed of the
expected route of flight and the associated risks to persons and property on the ground. Due to the
small size of the eBee and the material with which the eBee is built, the hazard to persons, vessels,
vehicles, and structures is not comparable to manned aircraft and should be considered in granting
the exemption.
Moreover, the aircraft will not be operated over congested areas nor over any open-air assembly of
persons. The aircraft will be operated at an altitude allowing, if a power unit fails, an emergency
landing without undue hazard to persons or property on the surface.
14 CFR 91.121 ­ Altimeter settings
This section requires that each person operating an aircraft shall maintain the cruising altitude or
flight level of that aircraft, as the case may be, by reference to an altimeter that is set, when operating
below 18,000 feet MSL to:

     The current reported altimeter setting of a station along the route and within 100 nautical
         miles of the aircraft;

     If there is no station within the area prescribed in paragraph (a)(1)(i) of this section, the
         current reported altimeter setting of an appropriate available station;

     In the case of an aircraft not equipped with a radio, the elevation of the departure airport or
         an appropriate altimeter setting available before departure.

To provide an equivalent level of safety, the eBee autopilot calculates the reference altitude (ground
level) with the on-board GPS during the pre-flight tests. The GPS and barometer data are merged
with respect to their respective precisions. The GPS provides reliable information to correct
potential barometric bias, while rapid variations in altitude are detected through the barometer.
Hence, barometric bias induced by environmental factors is rejected.

14 C.F.R. § 91.151(a): Fuel Requirements for Flight in VFR Conditions
The regulation provides that no person may begin a flight in an airplane under day-VFR conditions
unless there is enough fuel to fly to the first point of intended landing and to fly after that for at least
30 minutes.
Given the area of operation for the eBee, JLP believes that an equivalent level of safety is already
achieved with the specific procedure preventing the eBee to accept a take-off order is the battery
level is below a given value. Moreover, SenseFly has integrated "low" and "critical" battery level
warnings and implemented a "return to Home" (and "Go Land") actions in these situations.
14 C.F.R. § 91.203 (a) & (b): Carrying Civil Aircraft Certification and Registration

This regulation provides as follows:
     No person may operate a civil aircraft unless it has an appropriate and current
         airworthiness certificate.
     No person may operate a civil aircraft unless the airworthiness certificate required by
         paragraph (a) of this section or a special flight authorization issued under §91.715 is
         displayed at the cabin or cockpit entrance so that it is legible to passengers or crew.

The eBee weighs only 1.7 pounds (max take-off weight). As such, there is no ability or place to
carry certification and registration documents or to display them on the UAS. In addition, there is
no pilot or passengers on board the aircraft.

To obtain an equivalent level of safety and meet the intent of 91.203, JLP propose that documents
deemed appropriate for this aircraft by the FAA will be co-located with the operator at the ground
control station in the eBee box and available for inspection upon request

14 CFR Subpart E (91.401 - 91.417) - Maintenance, Preventive Maintenance, and
Alterations

The regulation provides that the operator is primarily responsible for maintaining the aircraft in an
airworthy condition, including compliance with Parts 39 and 43. Paragraphs 91.407 and 91.409
require that the aircraft be "approved for return to service by a person authorized under 43.7" after
maintenance and inspection. Section 91.409(a)(2) requires an annual inspection for the issuance of
an airworthiness certificate. Section 91.417(a) requires the owner or operator to keep records
showing certain maintenance work that has been accomplished by certificated mechanics, under
Part 43, or licensed pilots and records of approval of the aircraft for return to service.

JLP proposes that the maintenance of the eBee will be accomplished by the owner/operator
according to the maintenance manual, provided by SenseFly. JLP requests the FAA treat the eBee
training program as proprietary under 14 C.F.R. 11.35(b) and not include this document in the
public docket.

An equivalent level of safety will be achieved because the eBee is small in size, it is not a complex
mechanical device, it will carry no external payload, and it will operate only in restricted
predetermined areas. Moreover, the operator is the person most familiar with the aircraft and is best
suited to maintain the aircraft in an airworthy condition and to ensure an equivalent level of safety.
Finally, before every flight, the eBee runs automatically a sequence of pre-flight tests to make sure
that every sensor and every critical part is running properly. If a problem is detected, the eBee will
not be able to be switched-on and a message error is displayed on the main screen of
the flight management software. The operator can then refer to the maintenance manual to
troubleshoot this issue. Several parts of the eBee are easily interchangeable (propellers, wings),
which allows the operator to make sure the wings and propulsion system are always airworthy when
a mission is initiated.
APPENDIX B: ACADEMY OF MODEL AERONAUTICS SAFETY REQUIREMENTS
                  Academy of Model Aeronautics National Model Aircraft Safety Code

                                                                             Effective January 1, 2014

A. GENERAL: A model aircraft is a non-human-carrying aircraft capable of sustained flight in the atmosphere. It may not exceed limitations of this code and is
      intended exclusively for sport, recreation, education and/or competition. All model flights must be conducted in accordance with this safety code and any
      additional rules specific to the flying site.

  1. Model aircraft will not be flown:
         (a) In a careless or reckless manner.
         (b) At a location where model aircraft activities are prohibited.

  2. Model aircraft pilots will:
         (a) Yield the right of way to all human-carrying aircraft.
         (b) See and avoid all aircraft and a spotter must be used when appropriate. (AMA Document #540-D.)
         (c) Not fly higher than approximately 400 feet above ground level within three (3) miles of an airport without notifying the airport operator.
         (d) Not interfere with operations and traffic patterns at any airport, heliport or seaplane base except where there is a mixed use agreement.
         (e) Not exceed a takeoff weight, including fuel, of 55 pounds unless in compliance with the AMA Large Model Airplane program. (AMA Document 520-A.)
         (f) Ensure the aircraft is identified with the name and address or AMA number of the owner on the inside or affixed to the outside of the model aircraft. (This
              does not apply to model aircraft flown indoors.)
         (g) Not operate aircraft with metal-blade propellers or with gaseous boosts except for helicopters operated under the provisions of AMA Document #555.
         (h) Not operate model aircraft while under the influence of alcohol or while using any drug that could adversely affect the pilot's ability to safely control the
             model.
         (i) Not operate model aircraft carrying pyrotechnic devices that explode or burn, or any device which propels a projectile or drops any object that creates a
             hazard to persons or property.
             Exceptions:

              Free Flight fuses or devices that burn producing smoke and are securely attached to the model aircraft during flight.
              Rocket motors (using solid propellant) up to a G-series size may be used provided they remain attached to the model during flight. Model rockets may

                  be flown in accordance with the National Model Rocketry Safety Code but may not be launched from model aircraft.
              Officially designated AMA Air Show Teams (AST) are authorized to use devices and practices as defined within the Team AMA Program Document.

                  (AMA Document #718.)
         (j) Not operate a turbine-powered aircraft, unless in compliance with the AMA turbine regulations. (AMA Document #510-A.)

  3. Model aircraft will not be flown in AMA sanctioned events, air shows or model demonstrations unless:
         (a) The aircraft, control system and pilot skills have successfully demonstrated all maneuvers intended or anticipated prior to the specific event.
         (b) An inexperienced pilot is assisted by an experienced pilot.

  4. When and where required by rule, helmets must be properly worn and fastened. They must be OSHA, DOT, ANSI, SNELL or NOCSAE approved or comply
         with comparable standards.

B. RADIO CONTROL (RC)

  1. All pilots shall avoid flying directly over unprotected people, vessels, vehicles or structures and shall avoid endangerment of life and property of others.
  2. A successful radio equipment ground-range check in accordance with manufacturer's recommendations will be completed before the first flight of a new or

         repaired model aircraft.
  3. At all flying sites a safety line(s) must be established in front of which all flying takes place. (AMA Document #706.)

         (a) Only personnel associated with flying the model aircraft are allowed at or in front of the safety line.
         (b) At air shows or demonstrations, a straight safety line must be established.
         (c) An area away from the safety line must be maintained for spectators.
         (d) Intentional flying behind the safety line is prohibited.
  4. RC model aircraft must use the radio-control frequencies currently allowed by the Federal Communications Commission (FCC). Only individuals properly
         licensed by the FCC are authorized to operate equipment on Amateur Band frequencies.
  5. RC model aircraft will not knowingly operate within three (3) miles of any pre-existing flying site without a frequency-management agreement. (AMA
         Documents #922 and #923.)
  6. With the exception of events flown under official AMA Competition Regulations, excluding takeoff and landing, no powered model may be flown outdoors
         closer than 25 feet to any individual, except for the pilot and the pilot's helper(s) located at the flightline.
  7. Under no circumstances may a pilot or other person touch an outdoor model aircraft in flight while it is still under power, except to divert it from striking an
         individual.
  8. RC night flying requires a lighting system providing the pilot with a clear view of the model's attitude and orientation at all times. Hand-held illumination
         systems are inadequate for night flying operations.
  9. The pilot of an RC model aircraft shall:
         (a) Maintain control during the entire flight, maintaining visual contact without enhancement other than by corrective lenses prescribed for the pilot.
         (b) Fly using the assistance of a camera or First-Person View (FPV) only in accordance with the procedures outlined in AMA Document #550.
         (c) Fly using the assistance of autopilot or stabilization system only in accordance with the procedures outlined in AMA Document #560.

C. FREE FLIGHT

  1. Must be at least 100 feet downwind of spectators and automobile parking when the model aircraft is launched.
  2. Launch area must be clear of all individuals except mechanics, officials, and other fliers.
  3. An effective device will be used to extinguish any fuse on the model aircraft after the fuse has completed its function.

D. CONTROL LINE

  1. The complete control system (including the safety thong where applicable) must have an inspection and pull test prior to flying.
  2. The pull test will be in accordance with the current Competition Regulations for the applicable model aircraft category.
  3. Model aircraft not fitting a specific category shall use those pull-test requirements as indicated for Control Line Precision Aerobatics.
  4. The flying area must be clear of all utility wires or poles and a model aircraft will not be flown closer than 50 feet to any above-ground electric utility lines.
  5. The flying area must be clear of all nonessential participants and spectators before the engine is started.
Academy of Model Aeronautics

5161 East Memorial Drive Muncie, Indiana 47302
(800) 435-9262 ­ Membership Services
www.modelaircraft.org

               "SEE  AND  AVOID"  GUIDANCE  

 A.  General:  

  1.  The  primary  means  to  avoid  collisions  between  all  aircraft  flying  within  our  National  Airspace  System  
  (NAS)  is  "See  and  Avoid."  
    
  2.  Vigilance  must  be  maintained  by  each  person  operating  an  aircraft  (whether  model  or  manned)  so  as  to  
  "see  and  avoid"  other  aircraft.  
    
  3.  Model  aircraft  must  avoid  manned  aircraft.  Our  privilege  to  fly  model  aircraft  in  the  NAS  depends  on  our  
  commitment  to  remain  "well  clear"  of  manned  aircraft.  
    
  4.  Simply  avoiding  an  actual  collision  is  not  enough.  A  "near  miss"  is  not  acceptable.  
    
  5.  Unless  flying  at  a  mixed-use  site  where  manned  and  model  aircraft  routinely  share  airspace  through  
  their  own  site-specific  rules,  model  aircraft  must  fly  sufficiently  far  away  from  manned  aircraft  so  as  not  to  
  create  a  collision  hazard.  
    
  6.  Model  aircraft  flying  must  not  only  be  safe,  it  must  be  perceived  to  be  safe  by  the  greater  manned  
  aviation  community.  Modelers  must  continually  demonstrate  their  respect  for  the  safety  of  manned  
  aircraft  by  remaining  vigilant  and  well  clear.  
    
  7.  Whenever  a  potential  conflict  arises  between  model  aircraft  and  manned  aircraft,  the  pilot  of  the  model  
  aircraft  must  always  give  way  to  the  manned  aircraft.  
    
  8.  The  pilot  of  a  model  aircraft  must  never  assume  the  pilot  of  a  manned  aircraft  can  see  the=  model  or  will  
  perform  any  maneuver  to  avoid  the  model's  flight  path.  
    
  9.  Visual  Line  of  Sight  is  required  by  the  Safety  Code.  It  means  that  visual  contact  with  the  aircraft  must  be  
  maintained  without  enhancement  other  than  by  corrective  lenses  prescribed  for  the  model  aircraft  pilot.  
  All  RC  flying  must  remain  clear  of  clouds  smoke  or  any  other  obstruction  to  the  line  of  sight.  
    
  10.  "Blue  Sky"  is  a  term  used  to  explain  the  method  used  to  increase  separation  between  a  model  and  a  
  manned  aircraft  in  the  same  vicinity.  The  modeler  should  maneuver  the  aircraft  in  such  a  way  as  to  
  increase  the  amount  of  blue  sky  perceived  between  the  model  and  the  manned  aircraft.  By  increasing  the  
  blue  sky  separation,  the  question  about  depth  perception  is  taken  out  of  the  equation  and  the  modeler  
  need  not  worry  whether  the  model  is  closer  to  him  than  the  manned  aircraft  or  further  away.  Increasing  
  the  blue  sky  between  the  model  and  the  manned  aircraft  automatically  increases  separation  between  
  them.  
    

          Academy of Model Aeronautics 5161 East Memorial Drive Muncie, Indiana 47302
                      (800) 435-9262 | Membership Services | www.modelaircraft.org
Academy of Model Aeronautics

5161 East Memorial Drive Muncie, Indiana 47302
(800) 435-9262 ­ Membership Services
www.modelaircraft.org

                                                                               
    
    
  11.  A  modeler  should  never  place  any  consideration  for  the  well-being  of  the  model  aircraft  above  the  
  safety  of  manned  aircraft.  Maneuvering  to  avoid  the  conflict  may  require  that  the  model  aircraft  be  
  sacrificed.  
    
  12.  Free  flight  models  should  not  be  launched  with  relatively  low  altitude  manned  
  aircraft  in  sight  and  downwind  or  headed  downwind  from  the  launch  site.  
    

 B.  Spotters:  

  1.  Before  a  flight,  the  pilot  must  insure  that  the  spotter  understands  his/her  duties  
  and  expectations.  
    
  2.  A  spotter  should  be  used  to  assist  in  monitoring  the  surrounding  airspace  for  manned  aircraft  whenever  
  a  flight  is  expected  to  exceed  400  feet  above  the  ground  and  that  operation  is  expected  to  be  in  proximity  
  to  known  manned  aircraft  traffic  such  as  at  a  mixed-use  facility  or  within  three  miles  of  an  airport.  The  
  spotter  must  have  sufficient  visual  acuity  and  be  mature  enough  to  take  this  responsibility  very  seriously.  
    
  3.  A  spotter  should  also  be  prepared  to  assist  his/her  pilot  in  the  event  that  another  model  aircraft  or  
  spectators  become  endangered  or  in  turn  are  perceived  to  be  a  danger  to  the  pilot  or  the  pilot's  model  
  aircraft.  
    
  4.  If  a  model  aircraft  pilot  experiences  what  he  or  she  considers  a  near  miss  with  a  manned  aircraft,  that  
  model  aircraft  pilot  should  notify  AMA  Headquarters  with  a  written  report  of  the  incident,  including  action  
  taken  by  the  model  aircraft  pilot  to  avoid  the  manned  aircraft.  This  report  is  intended  to  help  the  modeler,  
  the  club,  and  the  AMA  capture  as  much  detail  as  possible  so  that  it  may  be  used  to  assist  all  parties  in  
  recalling  the  particulars  of  the  incident  at  a  later  time.  Call  1-800-435-9262  (1-800-IFLYAMA)  extension  230  
  or  251  for  assistance  with  this  report.  

   
                                    

    

          Academy of Model Aeronautics 5161 East Memorial Drive Muncie, Indiana 47302
                      (800) 435-9262 | Membership Services | www.modelaircraft.org
                                          AMA Document # 560

Academy of Model Aeronautics

AMA Advanced Flight Systems Committee

              amaflightsystems@gmail.com

       Radio Controlled Model Aircraft Operation
Utilizing Failsafe, Stabilization and Autopilot Systems

1. DEFINITION OF TERMS:

         Please refer to Page 3, section 7 which contains an alphabetical listing of the definitions of the
         terms in italics that are used in this document.

2. GENERAL:

        All model aircraft flights utilizing stabilization and autopilot control systems must be conducted
        in accordance with AMA's current National Model Aircraft Safety Code and any additional rules
        specific to a flying site/location.

3. OPERATIONS ­ REQUIREMENTS ­ LIMITATIONS:

        a) AMA members flying radio controlled model aircraft equipped with flight stabilization and

             autopilot systems must maintain VLOS with the aircraft at all times including programmed
             autopilot waypoint flight.

        b) AMA Pilots must be able to instantaneously deactivate programmed flight of autopilot

             systems at any time during flight and resume manual control of the model aircraft.

        c) AMA Pilots must perform an R/C Test Flight of a model aircraft before activating a newly

             installed autopilot or stabilization system and/or after any repairs or replacement of model
             aircraft essential flight systems.

        d) Model aircraft exceeding 15lbs and/or 70mph may only use an autopilot for a programmed

             "return to launch" (RTL) flight and not for programmed waypoint flying of a predetermined
             course.

        e) STABILIZATION & AUTOPILOT SYSTEMS MAY BE USED FOR/TO:

         · Stabilization/automatically stabilize aircraft to level flight when control sticks are centered.
         · Recovery/activate TRX switch to recover an out of control aircraft to level flight.
         · Heading/activate TRX switch to hold a model aircraft's heading for precision flight path.
         · Altitude/activate TRX switch to maintain fixed aircraft altitude while allowing directional control.
         · Return GPS/activate TRX switch to return aircraft via GPS to launch point.
         · Return FSS/failsafe activated from radio signal loss to return aircraft via GPS to launch point.
         · Fixed circle/activate TRX switch to circle aircraft at point of activation at fixed altitude.
         · Waypoint/activate TRX switch to initiate an autopilot programmed flight path via waypoints.
         · Fencing/autopilot programed to display site unique boundaries on video monitor/goggles.

PAGE 1 OF 3                               (Revision 01/14/2013)
4. RANGE ­ ALTITUDE ­ WEIGHT ­ SPEED:

    a) One of the requirements in Federal Law (Public Law 112-95 Sec 336 (c) (2) February 14,
         2012) for model aircraft to be excluded from FAA regulations is that model aircraft be
         flown within VLOS of the operator.

    b) Model aircraft must be flown at or below 400 feet AGL when within 3 miles of an airport as
        stated in the AMA Safety Code.

    c) Model aircraft utilizing an autopilot for waypoint flying are limited to a maximum weight
         (including fuel, batteries, and onboard autopilot systems) of 15lbs and a speed of
         70mph.

5. RECOMMENDATIONS & INFORMATION:

    a) If your radio system lacks failsafe capability, consider using programmable digital servos or
         auxiliary failsafe modules. In the event of a radio signal failure these components will
         activate desired safe servo settings or an autopilot for return to base/launch (RTL).

    b) When using an autopilot system the "return to launch" (RTL) feature should be
         programmed to return the aircraft to a safe location and safely terminate the flight should
         manual control of the aircraft be lost. When using RTL, pay particular attention to the
         manufacturer's throttle recommendations to prevent stalling.

    c) The use of stabilization systems is recommended when flying FPV to improve flight
         stability and video quality.

    d) Pilots usually choose to incorporate stabilization and autopilot systems for model aircraft
         flying to enhance flight performance, correct bad tendencies of the model aircraft,
         maintain stability in windy weather, establish precision heading holds for
         takeoffs/landings, flight training for novice pilots, create a steady flight platform for
         cameras, and generally just to make an airplane easier and safer to fly.

    e) When purchasing stabilization and autopilot systems, always try to select quality equipment
         from reputable dealers, ensure for compatibility with other onboard systems, and install
         components according to manufacturers' instructions.

6. PRIVACY PROTECTION SAFEGUARDS:

         The use of imaging technology for aerial surveillance with radio control model aircraft
         having the capability of obtaining high-resolution photographs and/or video, or using any
         types of sensors, for the collection, retention, or dissemination of surveillance data or
         information on individuals, homes, businesses, or property at locations where there is
         a reasonable expectation of privacy is strictly prohibited by the AMA unless written
         expressed permission is obtained from the individual property owners or managers.

PAGE 2 OF 3  (Revision 01/14/2013)
7. DEFINITIONS OF TERMS:

    AMA Pilot is an AMA member who is capable of manually operating an R/C transmitter to
    control a model aircraft's flight path within its safe intended flight envelope without losing
    control or having a collision.

    Autopilot Systems incorporate programmable flight stabilization with an altitude sensor and
    a GPS receiver for accurate positioning and to navigate/control a radio controlled model
    aircraft's flight path. Advanced systems offer software for entering navigable waypoints. The
    flight data waypoints may be saved to autopilot's/GPS memory for programmed flight.

     Essential Flight Systems are any systems or components necessary to maintain
     stable flight within a model aircraft's flight envelope. (This includes primary R/C systems
     and any stabilization or gyros required to maintain stability and heading in certain
     types of model aircraft that would be uncontrollable/unstable without their use).

    Failsafe Systems are designed to minimize or prevent damage and safely terminate a
    flight when a radio controlled model aircraft loses radio signal. Modern radio systems can
    be programmed to position servos to a desired control setting in the event of radio signal
    failure.

     First Person View (FPV) refers to the operation of a radio controlled (R/C) model aircraft
    using an onboard camera's cockpit view to orient and control the aircraft. (AMA Document
    #550).

     Flight Envelope is defined as the range of airspeeds, attitudes and flight maneuvers which
     a model aircraft can safely perform/operate for its intended use.

     Non-Essential Flight Systems are any systems or components that are not necessary to
     maintain stable flight within the model aircraft's intended flight envelope. (This includes
     autopilot or stabilization systems that can be activated and deactivated in flight by the pilot
     without affecting manually controlled stable flight).

     R/C Test Flight requires an AMA Pilot to manually operate an R/C transmitter to control
     a model aircraft's flight path and determine if the aircraft is capable of maintaining stable
     flight within its safe intended flight envelope.

     Stabilization Systems are designed to maintain intended model aircraft flight attitudes.
    The pilot can install, program and/or activate a system to stabilize yaw, pitch, or roll or any
    one attitude or combination of attitudes. Systems are often based on rate/heading hold
    gyros or inertial motion sensors utilizing multi-axis gyros and accelerometers for
     attitude stabilization.

    Visual Line of Sight (VLOS) is the distance at which the pilot is able to maintain visual
     contact with the aircraft and determine its orientation and attitude without enhancements
     other than corrective lenses.

PAGE 3 OF 3  (Revision 07/20/2013)
APPENDIX C: PRIVACY ISSUES

The eBee is proposed to be flown over sterile, unpopulated to lightly populated areas generally over
private railroad property not open to the general public at the direction of the owner railroad or
agency. In addition, we propose to obtain landowner permission to fly over properties as part of our
services and to notify non-landowners over which we will be flying. Finally, most of our flights will
be 300 to 400 feet above ground surface, making visual recognition of people on the ground
impossible. Because of the sterile environment and the pre-notification of landowners and personnel
on the ground, privacy compromises due to JLP activities are anticipated to be alleviated. Under no
circumstances will JLP's aircraft be utilized to purposefully invade the privacy of peoples or
properties in areas within our studies or outside of our study boundaries.
APPENDIX D: SAFETY CASE

Safety of our flight crew, other aircraft, people on the ground, and public and private properties is of
utmost importance to JLP. JLP's Pilot in Command (PIC) will be responsible for all safety
procedures and protocols while on the ground. The Visual Observer (VO) will assist the PIC in
maintaining safety procedures throughout the course of a project. Safety procedures to be utilized in
the filed include the following:

     A full diagnostic check of the aircraft by the PIC and VO using a pre-flight checklist will be
         performed on the ground prior to commencement of each project;

     High visibility (day-glow orange or green) will be worn by the flight crew during each
         project. In addition, at the ground station, a high contrast flag or banner that contains the
         words "Unmanned Aircraft Ground Station" will be placed prior to any flights;

     Operations to be conducted over private or public controlled-access property where
         approved;

     Permission from the land owner/authority required before commencing any flight;

     Operations over congested areas shall be avoided;

     Operations will not interfere with manned aircraft operations, will yield the right of way to
         manned aircraft, and operators must See & A void other aircraft and obstacles at all times.
         Use of an ADS-B receiver by the VO will assist in monitoring the presence of other proximal
         aircraft;

     Operations limited to Visual Flight Rules Meteorological Conditions (VMC) and daylight
         hours

     Aircraft operations will remain within Visual Line of Sight (VLOS) and will be visually
         monitored at all times;

     Use of a high-definition first-person view from the aircraft will assist the PIC and VO
         identify potential flight conflicts and terminate or alter the pre-programmed flight plan;

     VLOS guaranteed with a GPS geo-fence around operator of 0.5 miles

     Flight ceiling pre-programed at 400 feet;

     All operations conducted within 5 miles from an airport shall only be initiated after verbal
         coordination with the airport authority, or air traffic control when a control tower is present at
         the airport;

     All operations will comply with required permissions and permits established by territorial,
         state, county or city jurisdictions; including local law enforcement, fire, or other appropriate
         governmental agencies;
 Post-flight inspection of the aircraft will be performed by the PIC and VO utilizing a
    postflight checklist;

 The eBee operations will be compliant with existing safety procedures inherent to the
    activities of the related company.
