August 18, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12501
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA-2015-1258

Mr. John P. Creed
8009 Cooke Road
Elkins Park, PA 19027

Dear Mr. Creed:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter posted to the public docket on April 28, 2015 and additional information dated
July 11, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) for an exemption.
The petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct aerial
photography, videography, and inspection.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a DJI Phantom 2 +.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
                                                                                                                 2

meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Mr. John P. Creed is granted an exemption from
14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c),
91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to
the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Mr. John P. Creed is hereafter referred to as the operator.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                                                 3

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom 2 +
         when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any
         other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
         must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
         documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
         Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
         limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
         the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
         Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
         documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
         operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
                                                                                                            4

    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
                                                                                                            5

    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.
                                                                                                               6

   23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
       any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
       PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
       These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
       official upon request.

   24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
       activities at all times.

   25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

   26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
       persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
          a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
             from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
             that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
             where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
             the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
             of nonparticipating persons; and
          b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
             for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
             the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
             present an undue hazard.

       The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
       nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

   27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
       permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
       Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
       obtained for each flight to be conducted.

   28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
       boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
       to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
       reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
       contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

   29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
       as documented in this grant of exemption.
                                                                                                                 7

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                      8

This exemption terminates on August 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,
/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
Regulations.gov - Other Document                                                    Page 1 of 3

John P.C reed - Exem ption/R ulem aking

This Other document was issued by the Federal Aviation Administration                          C om m entN ow !
(FAA)
                                                                                           ID: FAA-2015-1258-0001
For related information, Open Docket Folder
                                                                                     D ocum entInform ati
 C ontent
                                                                                    Date Posted:
  John P Creed                                                                      Apr 28, 2015
  8009 Cooke Rd                                                                     Show More Details
  Elkins Park, Pa. 19027
  April 22, 2015                                                                      Subm itterInform atio
  U.S. Department of Transportation
  Docket Management System                                                          Submitter Name:
  1200 New Jersey Ave., SE                                                          John Creed
  Washington, D.C. 205909                                                           Mailing Address:
                                                                                    8009 Cooke Rd
  To whom it may concern,                                                           City:
  This is an Exemption Request Section 333 of the FAA Reform Act and                Elkins Park
  Part 11 of the Federal Aviation Regulations from 14 CFR Part 21, 45.27            Country:
  (a), 45.29 (3) (c)(d)(e)(f)(g)(h), 61.113 (a) & (b), 91.103, 91.105, 91.109,      United States
  91.119, 91.121, 91.151, 91.405, 91.407, 91.409, 91.417.                           State or Province:
                                                                                    PA
  Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of                ZIP/Postal Code:
  2012 and 14 C.F.R. Part 11, I am personally preparing this document to            19027
  request exemption from the above mentioned items to allow for the
  operation of a lightweight Unmanned Aircraft Systems (UAS) for use as                       C om m ents
  a video and still imaging and inspection tool for my business in Home
  Improvements and related services.                                                            0

  The exemption would pertain to the DJI Phantom 2 + Vision quad copter                C om m ents R eceived
  (UAS) with zenmuse and gimbal/camera attached (part of the original
  sales package). This is a lightweight quad copter that would operate at a             D ocketInform ation
  height of no more than 400 feet and speeds less than 87 knots
  (100mph). As this tool would be used to take video and still images for           This document is contained in
  inspection and Home Improvement projects, high rates of speed are                 FAA-2015-1258
  unnecessary. Visual line of site (VLOS) rules would apply in all                  Related Dockets:
  applications and proposed scenarios. A personal safety implementation             None
  would be to operate the system at or better than optimal weather                  Related RINs:
  conditions. The best safety feature of this system is that when the               None
  controls are released, the unit remains stationary until the PIC rein-            Related Documents:
  gages the controls. It has a return home button that when utilized, the on        None
  board GPS system communicates with the control unit and safely
  returns the unit to its original lift off site. This unit would be operated with
  a 2 man team at all times, 1 to control the system (PIC) and the other as
  spotter and visual guide. The operation of this tool would not pose a
  threat to NAS or security and would never be flown in active air space or
  near any airport. Since the system requires no fuel, oil or a manned flight
  crew or any payload at any time there is no risk to the public, the
  operator or its team. This system would actually protect the public and
  contractors from future injury by eliminating the need for extension
  ladders and high reaching ground based equipment for Home

http://www.regulations.gov/                                                         4/29/2015
Regulations.gov - Other Document                                               Page 2 of 3

Improvement or insurance inspections, thus eliminating or lessening            * This count refers to the total
insurance claims as a whole. This would result in lower pricing for many
industries and would serve the public well. This system would never be         comment/submissions received
used for anything other than work related items.                               this document, as of 11:59 PM
                                                                               yesterday. Note: Agencies revie
I have had experience flying with these and other models and have              submissions, however some
some flight experience myself. I have always been extremely interested         agencies may choose to redact
in flying and took a course once. I have over 120 hours of flight simulator    withhold, certain submissions (o
experience as well as flying right seat on numerous occasions, both in         portions thereof) such as those
state, over open ocean and cross country, with my brother who is a very        containing private or proprietary
experienced pilot. My brother and I would take his boat to and from            information, inappropriate langu
Florida every 7 months from Massachusetts and my experience from my            or duplicate/near duplicate
Navigation course at Massachusetts Maritime Academy has served me              examples of a mass-mail campa
well both on the water and in the air as I was always the navigator that       This can result in discrepancies
would assist my brother in flight. He and I believed that electronic           between this count and those
equipment is essential but that a backup plan, a compass and a map             displayed when conducting
never hurt. I try to follow these things I have learned over the years and     searches on the Public Submiss
take great pride in the fact that safety is always first. I look forward to    document type. For specific
continuing my aviation education in the years to come.                         information about an agency's p
                                                                               submission policy, refer to its
It is my greatest hope that the use of UAS will increase in the future as      website or the Federal Register
long as it is properly regulated. I do not feel that usage of these craft for  document.
delivery purposes, as a whole, are necessary but in emergency
situations I see a great benefit. A man who worked for me last summer
had his son run away into a large park one evening. They asked the
police for help and they kept a look out. They asked for a helicopter
search but none was provided. The boy, Steven Salazar Jr, was found
dead a week later not far from his home in Philadelphia. That has
haunted me ever since. I know now that my time and my UAS will
always be available to assist when a child goes missing. I see a great
potential future in this industries infancy and firmly believe that these
systems could actually save lives. Is there any greater good to the
public?

Since the quad copter has no flight crew, fuel or would carry passengers
or payloads at any time I would seek relief from the above mentioned
Regulations from 14 CFR.
I have sent the following attachment to assist in your evaluation;
1) DJI Phantom 2 + Vision Pilot Training Guide
2) DJI Phantom 2 + Vision Quick Start Guide

Please feel free to mail, email or call me at any time if you have any
questions
Sincerely,
John P Creed
Owner/operator John P Creed Painting & Home Repairs
Rotogistics
215-627-4610
jpcpainting@gmail.com

A ttachm ents(2)

          John P.C reed - Phantom 2 V ision Plus Pilot
          Training G uide

             View Attachment:

http://www.regulations.gov/                                                    4/29/2015
Regulations.gov - Other Document                                            Page 3 of 3

                             John P.C reed - Phantom 2 V ision Plus Q uick
                             StartG uide

                                      View Attachment:

http://www.regulations.gov/                                                 4/29/2015
John P Creed
8009 Cooke Rd
Elkins Park, Pa. 19027
July 11, 2015

US Department of Transportation
Docket Management Facility
West Building Ground Floor
1200 New Jersey Avenue, S.E.
Washington, D.C. 20590

To whom it may concern,
In response to your letter for the request for additional information, dated July 1, 2015, I have prepared this
document in the hope that I have supplied the items you have asked for in order to grant me an exemption to
operate UAS's for aerial data collection.

I seek relief and/or Exemption of Section 333 of the FAA Reform Act and part 11 of the Federal Aviation
Regulations from 14 C.F.R. Part 21 Subpart H ,§§ 45.23, 45.27 (a), 45.29 (3) (c)(d)(e)(f)(g)(h), 61.23 (a)(c),
61.113 (a)(b), 91.7, 91.9, 91.103, 91.105, 91.107, 91.109, 91.119 (c), 91.121, 91.151 (a) (1), 91.405 (a),
91.407 (a) (1), 91.409 (a) (1) & (2), 91.417 (a) & (b)

Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 and 14 C.F.R. Part 11, I am
personally preparing this document to request exemption from the above mentioned items to allow for the
operation of a small lightweight Unmanned Aircraft Systems s (UAS) for use as a video and still imaging, data
collection and inspection tool for my business in Home Improvements and Media services. I seek relief
because existing regulations would be an unnecessary burden to my business and the exemption would be in
the public interest.
The FAA has the authority to grant exemptions from operating rules and regulations and the Secretary of
Transportation has this authority based on section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to the operation of
UAS.
Exemptions sought from 14 CFR:
Part 21 Subpart H
This regulation requires the issuance of an Airworthiness Certificate for an aircraft operating in the National
Air Space (NAS). The fact that my s(UAS) craft will operate in limited capacity and area and at a height no
greater than 400 feet AGL, this situation meets the requirement of an equivalent level of safety under Part 11
and section 333 of the Reform Act. Since the FAA has the authorization to grant exemptions based on the
size, weight, speed, capabilities and proximity to airports and populated areas and given these criteria in
relations to larger, manned aircraft, it is clear that the UAS will operate with a safety level greater than
conventional aircraft.

Part 45 Identification and Registration Markings
§§ 45.23, 45.27 (a), 45.29 (3) (c)(d)(e)(f)(g)(h)
July 11, 2015
Page 2

With an exemption granted and given the size and operational restrictions for the UAS, an Airworthiness
Certificate would not be required as (1) No ample space for registration markings and (2) no cabin or fuselage
exists and the craft would not carry passengers or fuel and (3) the UAS is not a fix winged craft or rotorcraft
§that meets size requirements.

Part 61 Medical Certificates
§§ 61.113 (a)(b), 61.23 (a)(c)
These regulations require pilots of manned aircraft to hold a medical certificate. Also private pilot privileges
or Pilot in Command (PIC), limit private pilots to non-commercial operations. Since the UAS, given the size ,
weight and limitations, would not be carrying fuel or passengers and therefor would pose a decreased threat
level as compared to manned aircraft. Based on these facts that the UAS will operate in a limited airspace, at
minimal speeds less than 87 knots and 400 feet AGL (above ground level) or less and in non-congested
airspace or near any airports the craft can safely be operated without a commercial pilots license.

Part 91 General Operating and Flight Rules
§§ 91.105, 91.107
Since the UAS is a small craft that does not carry or need a crew, passengers or have a cabin these rules
would not be applicable.

§ 91.109 Flight Instruction
This rule states that no person can operate a civil aircraft that is utilized for flight instruction without the
presence of dual controls. Since the UAS is not piloted and does not carry passengers flight instruction would
not take place and is not possible. The craft is operated remotely by a hand held radio frequency control unit
by a single person with a spotter and visual guide on ground level. This situation makes the operation of the
UAS at a far greater level of safety than conventional manned aircraft.

§§ 91.119 (c), 91.121, 91.151 (a) Minimal Safe Altitudes; Altimeter Settings; Fuel Requirements for Flight in
VFR Conditions
Since the UAS will operate at a height no greater than 400 feet AGL, does not have an altimeter ( height and
range of craft are regulated by GPS from ground control unit) and does not carry fuel and can only operate
during daylight hours with VLOS (Visual Line of Sight) these regulations would not be applicable. Given the
fact that the UAS does not carry fuel and is battery operated with a maximum flight time of 25 minutes a 30
minute additional fuel capacity past destination point would not apply and since it would not fly in
commercial air space it would not follow conventional aircraft VFR conditions.

§§ 91.405 (a), 91.407 (a) (1), 91.409 (a) (1)(2), 91.417 (a)(b) Maintenance Required; Operation After
Maintenance; Inspections; Maintenance Records
This regulation would require maintenance of conventional aircraft to meet stipulations pertaining to Part 43.
Since these apply to aircraft with an Air Worthiness Certificate it would not apply to the UAS. Maintenance
would be performed as needed after inspections prior to and directly after each flight and as suggested by
the manufacturer. Given the fact that the UAS would not be carrying a payload (other than camera) is
lightweight and carries no fuel (battery powered) and has far fewer working parts than commercial aircraft,
maintenance is minimal and can be done much safer.
July 11, 2015
Page 3

National Security, Serving the Public Interest and Public Safety
It is for the greater good to the public, as a whole, to allow for the operation of small UAS for data collection,
video and still imagery and inspections. Current standards and practices used for these actions involve the
use of larger and more conventional manned aircraft which carry fuel and a larger payload and if mechanical
failure were to occur would pose a greater threat to the public than UAS's. It is also common knowledge that
the use of ladders and other items for inspections have led to countless injuries and accidents that could
have been avoided with the assistance of UAS's. By utilizing UAS for these actions and data gathering it best
serves The Public Interest by reducing injuries and accident and would also assist in lowering of liability and
insurance claims and Hospital visits. A greater item that both serves the public interest and public safety is
the fact that the UAS's leave a small carbon footprint and has no harmful emissions and thus helps protect
the environment and the public well-being. UAS's will be operated in a controlled environment. In limited
space, away from the general public, on private property with the client signing an agreement to proceed
with the use of the UAS on his or her property. It will be safely operated at an altitude not to exceed 400 feet
AGL (Above Ground Level) with a PIC and visual spotter at all times. It will be operated in fair weather
conditions and only during daylight hours. The UAS has a maximum flight time of 25 minutes and no flight
would exceed 20 minutes or with 25% remaining battery life (battery life is monitored remotely for every
flight). The UAS will not be operated in the NAS of commercial flight paths nor will it operate near or around
any airport, thus poses no threat to National Security. Because the UAS will be flown at low altitudes and low
speeds and is lightweight and carries no fuel or payload or passengers the situation commands a far greater
level of safety than commercial craft and thus serves Public Safety.

Safe Operation of UAS's
Proper preparation and thought went into a procedural plan to operate UAS's safely and efficiently to be
utilized for data collection. Steps and protocols will be adhered to at all times. No operation will involve a
threat to public safety or National Security. No operation will take place if proximity to the public is too close
and will be cancelled or rescheduled to a time where there will be no safety issues. Everyone will be trained
to be operators and visual spotters so that everyone has the knowledge to operate and safely bring down the
UAS if any problems should occur. All operators will train with flight simulators and General Aviation
knowledge to understand pitch, yaw and attitude of craft so as to better understand technical data and the
standards of flight. No operation will commence unless a 2 person team is on site. All operations will be done
at a height of no greater than 400 feet AGL, at low speeds less than 30 knots, with a PIC and visual spotter
and the craft will have VLOS (Visual Line of Sight) at all times. Because the UAS is the DJI Phantom 2+ it has a
"return home" feature that will safely return the craft to its lift off point should any problem occur. Another
safety feature of the UAS is that when the remote control device is not engaged the craft will hover until it is
directed to move in any particular fashion so if by chance the remote was dropped the craft would hover
until re-engaged. UAS's are small, lightweight and slow moving tools that leave a tiny carbon footprint,
carries no dangerous fuels, leaves no emissions or toxic fumes is far safer than conventional aircraft, poses no
threat to National Security, and Serves the Public Interest and Public Safety.

In Summary
July 11, 2015
Page 4

I have asked for exemptions under Section 333 of the FAA Reform Act and Part 11 of the Federal Aviation
Regulations from 14 CFR Part 21, Subpart H
§§ 45.23, 45.27 (a), 45.29 (3) (c)(d)(e)(f)(g)(h)
Continuation of Requested Exemptions
§§ 91.105, 91. 107, 91.109, 91.119 (c), 91.121, 91.151 (a), 91.405 (a), 91.407 (a) (1), 91.409 (a) (1)(2),
§ 91.417 (a) (b)
Similar situations with other people seeking exemptions have been granted with similar craft. I feel I have
satisfied and met the conditions and criteria provided in Section 333 of the Reform Act and ask that the FAA
grant the above listed exemptions I have requested as soon as possible.

Sincerely,

John P Creed

Owner/operator John P Creed Painting & Home Repairs
Rotogistics
215-627-4610
jpcpainting@gmail.com
