September 10, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12812
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA-2015-2602

Mr. Jonathan Martin
582 Coatesville Road
West Grove, PA 19390

Dear Mr. Martin:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated June 3, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) for an
exemption. You requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct aerial
photograph and videography, including film sets.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a Tarot 650 Sport.

In accordance with the statutory criteria provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in
reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited
operating area associated with the aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation
has determined that this aircraft meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA
finds that relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts,
                                                                                           2

Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing
requirements of part 36, is not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

· They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

· The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

· A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Mr. Jonathan Martin is granted an exemption from
14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c),
91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to
the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Mr. Jonathan Martin is hereafter referred to as the operator.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                                                 3

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the Tarot 650 when
         weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any other
         aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
         must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
         documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
         Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
         limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
         the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
         Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
         documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
         operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
         documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
                                                                                                            4

    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
                                                                                                            5

    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.
                                                                                                               6

   23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
       any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
       PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
       These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
       official upon request.

   24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
       activities at all times.

   25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

   26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
       persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
          a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
             from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
             that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
             where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
             the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
             of nonparticipating persons; and
          b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
             for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
             the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
             present an undue hazard.

       The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
       nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

   27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
       permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
       Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
       obtained for each flight to be conducted.

   28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
       boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
       to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
       reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
       contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

   29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
       as documented in this grant of exemption.
                                                                                                                 7

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.

This exemption terminates on September 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
                               UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
                          DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION
                        FEDERAL AVIATION ADMINISTRATION

                                       WASHINGTON, DC

          IN THE MATTER OF THE PETITION FOR EXEMPTION OF:
                                         Jonathan Martin

FOR AN EXEMPTION SEEKING RELIEF FROM THE REQUIREMENTS OF
             TITLE 14 OF THE CODE OF FEDERAL REGULATIONS

   SECTIONS 91.7(a), 91.121, 91.151(b), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) &
(a)(2), AND 91.417(a) & (b) CONCERNING COMMERCIAL OPERATION OF

              TAROT 650 SPORT UNMANNED AIRCRAFT SYSTEMS
                             PURSUANT TO SECTION 333 OF

           THE FAA MODERNIZATION AND REFORM ACT OF 2012
                                     (PUBLIC LAW 112-95)

                                   Submitted on JUNE 3, 2015

                                              Jonathan Martin
                                            582 Coatesville RD
                                          West Grove, PA 19390

                                               (610)476-1702
                                    FutureAviatorsUSA@gmail.com
                                      TABLE OF CONTENTS          Page
                                                                    3
GLOSSARY OF ABBREVIATIONS                                           4
                                                                    4
SUMMARY                                                             5
                                                                    5
INTRODUCTION AND INTERESTS OF PETITIONER                            7

BACKGROUND                                                          8

BASIS FOR PETITION                                                 11

         NAME AND ADDRESS OF PETITIONER                            13
         THE SPECIFIC SECTIONS OF 14 C.F.R. FROM WHICH JONATHAN
         MARTIN SEEKS EXEMPTION                                    15
         THE EXTENT OF RELIEF JONATHAN MARTIN SEEKS AND THE        26
         REASON JONATHAN MARTIN SEEKS THE RELIEF
         THE REASONS WHY GRANTING JONATHAN MARTIN REQUEST
         WOULD BE IN THE PUBLIC INTEREST
         THE REASONS WHY GRANTING THE EXEMPTION WOULD NOT
         ADVERSELY AFFECT SAFETY
CONCLUSION
AGL          GLOSSARY OF ABBREVIATIONS
AOI
ATC               Above Ground Level
ATO               Area of Interest
AV                Air Traffic Control
CFR               Air Traffic Organization
COA               Aerial Vehicle
FAA               Code of Federal Regulations
FAR               Certificate of Authorization
GCS               Federal Aviation Administration
GPS               Federal Aviation Regulation
LOL               Ground Control Station
NAS               Global Positioning System
NOTAM             Loss of Link
PIC               National Airspace System
Section 333       Notice to Airman
Section 333       Pilot In Command
SO                FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (FMRA)
SOP
UA                Safety Observer
UAS               Standard Operating Procedures
VFR               Unmanned Aircraft
VLOS              Unmanned Aircraft System
VMC               Visual Flight Rules
VTOL              Visual Line of Site
                  Visual Meteorological Conditions
                  Vertical Takeoff and Landing
                                              SUMMARY

         Jonathan Martin seeks exemption from the requirements of 14 C.F.R §§ 91.7(a),
91.121, 91.151(b), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) &
(a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b), to operate an Unmanned Aircraft System pursuant to Section
333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (FMRA). This exemption will
permit Jonathan Martin to operate an Unmanned Aircraft System (UAS) for the
commercial purpose of conducting aerial video and photography for videography, real
estate photography, special events, film sets, and landscape over certain areas of the
United States. Jonathan Martin will increase public awareness and knowledge of UAS
and promote safe operations.

             INTRODUCTION AND INTERESTS OF THE PETITIONER
         Jonathan Martin provides its clients with expertise and knowledge in advanced
technologies and solutions to increase efficiency, productivity and effectiveness.
Jonathan Martin also provides its clients with the highest quality digital content for use
in their commercial, personal, and non-profit multimedia projects. Jonathan Martin has
over 10 years of professional experience in aviation, photography and graphic design
and work with remotely piloted aircraft. Jonathan Martin has his Commercial Pilot's
license (2784208) and his Certified Instructor Rating (2784208CFI). The objective of
Jonathan Martin's operation is to provide high quality imaging for a variety of
commercial, public, and residential uses, and promoting safe operations and airspace
awareness while piloting UAS's specifically targeting:

              Aerial imaging for advertising and marketing brochures
              Real Estate Photography
              Land survey & appraisals
              Equipment Inspections
              Increase public knowledge of UAS and promote safe UAS operations.
                                           BACKGROUND
Unmanned Aircraft Systems: Tarot 650 Sport UAS

Jonathan Martin, Commercial Pilot #2784208 seeks an exemption to operate Tarot
systems for compensation or hire within the NAS. The 650 Sport is a vertical takeoff and
landing (VTOL) Unmanned Aircraft (UA) with a Ground Control Station (GCS) utilizing
a LED monitor display. The Tarot 650 Sport has a maximum gross weight of
approximately 7 pounds, while having a length of 20 inches, width of 20 inches, height
of 12 inches, and a maximum speed of approximately 29 knots. The Tarot 650 Sport is
equipped with four main rotors; driven by Lithium Polymer battery powered electric
motors and utilizes the Eagle Tree Vector stabilization system.

         The Tarot 650 Sport UAS that will be operated by Jonathan Martin and will be
registered in accordance with 49 U.S.C. 44103, Registration of Aircraft, as well as 14
C.F.R Part 47, Aircraft Registration, and marked in accordance with 14 C.F.R. Part 45,
Identification and Registration Marking.

                                      BASIS FOR PETITION
         Petitioner, Jonathan Martin, pursuant to the provisions of the Federal Aviation
Regulations (14 C.F.R. § 11.61) and the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012
(FMRA), Section 333, Special Rules for Certain Unmanned Aircraft Systems, hereby
petitions the Administrator to commercially operate the Tarot 650 Sport UAS in the
National Airspace System (NAS), and for an exemption from the requirements of 14
C.F.R §§ 61.113(a) & (b), 91.7(a), 91.121, 91.151(b), 91.405(a),
91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b).
         In consideration of the speed, weight, size, and limited operating area associated
with the unmanned aircraft and its operation, Jonathan Martin's operation of 650 Sport
UAS meets the conditions of FMRA Section 333 and therefore, will not require an
airworthiness certificate in accordance with 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H.

         Accordingly, Jonathan Martin requests relief from Sections 91.405(a),
91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b), as these sections set forth
requirements for maintenance that only apply to aircraft with an airworthiness certificate.

         Jonathan Martin submits that the requested relief is proper since an equivalent
level of safety will be ensured. Jonathan Martin will use experienced personnel or
technicians to perform maintenance, alterations, or preventive maintenance on the UASs
using the methods, techniques, and practices prescribed in the operating documents (i.e.,
Monthly Maintenance Log, and Tarot 650 Sport Instruction Manual). Furthermore,
Jonathan Martin will document and maintain all maintenance records for the Tarot 650
Sport UAS.

         Jonathan Martin seeks relief from Section 91.7(a), entitled Civil aircraft
airworthiness, because the Tarot 650 Sport UAS does not require an airworthiness
certificate in accordance with 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H. As such, Jonathan Martin
submits that he will ensure that the Tarot 650 Sport UAS is in an airworthy condition,
prior to every flight, by determining that the UAS is in compliance with the operating
documents (i.e., Monthly Maintenance Log, and Tarot 650 Sport Instruction Manual),
and that the aircraft are in a condition for safe flight.

         Jonathan Martin also seeks an exemption from the requirements of Section
91.121, entitled Altimeter Settings, as the Tarot 650 Sport UAS will not have a typical
barometric altimeter onboard. However, altitude information of the Tarot 650 Sport UAS
will be provided to the PIC via Eagle Tree Vector Global Positioning System (GPS)
equipment and radio communications telemetry data link, which downlinks from the UA
to the GCS for active monitoring of the flight path. This altitude information, combined
with Jonathan Martin's operation of the Tarot 650 Sport UAS within visual line of sight,
at or below 200 feet AGL, will ensure a level of safety equivalent to Section 91.121.
         Additionally, Jonathan Martin seeks an exemption from the requirements of

Section 91.151(b), entitled Fuel requirements for flight in VFR conditions. Jonathan

Martin submits that safety will not be affected by operation of the Tarot 650 Sport UAS

during daylight hours in visual meteorological conditions (VMC) under visual flight rules

(VFR), with enough battery power to fly for a total duration of approximately 13 minutes

to the first point of intended landing and, assuming normal cruising speed, to fly after that

for at least 4 minutes.

         In accordance with 14 C.F.R. § 11.81, Jonathan Martin provides the following

information in support of its petition for exemption:

         A. Name And Address Of The Petitioner.

The name and address of the Petitioner and point of contact is:
Jonathan Martin
582 Coatesville RD
West Grove PA 19390
Email:FutureAviatorsUSA@gmail.com
610-476-1702
B. The Specific Sections Of 14 C.F.R. From Which Jonathan Martin Seeks
   Exemption.

         1. Jonathan Martin Seeks Exemption From The Requirements Of Section
            91.7(a).

         Section 91.7, entitled Civil aircraft airworthiness, subsection (a), states the

         following:

         (a) No person may operate a civil aircraft unless it is in an airworthy condition.

         2. Jonathan Martin Seeks Exemption From The Requirements Of Section
            91.121.

         Section 91.121, entitled Altimeter settings, subsection (a), states the following, in

         part:
         (a) Each person operating an aircraft shall maintain the cruising altitude or flight

             level of that aircraft, as the case may be, by reference to an altimeter that is set,
             when operating--
             (1) Below 18,000 feet MSL, to--

                  (i) The current reported altimeter setting of a station along the route and
                      within 100 nautical miles of the aircraft;

                  (ii) there is no station within the area prescribed in paragraph (a)(1)(i) of
                      this section, the current reported altimeter setting of an appropriate
                      available station; or

                  (iii) the case of an aircraft not equipped with a radio, the elevation of
                       the departure airport or an appropriate altimeter setting available
                       before departure.

         3. Jonathan Martin Seeks Exemption From The Requirements Of Section
            91.151(b).

        Section 91.151, entitled Fuel requirements for flight in VFR conditions, subsection

        (b), states the following:

        (b) No person may begin a flight in a rotorcraft under VFR conditions unless
             (considering wind and forecast weather conditions) there is enough fuel to fly
             to the first point of intended landing and, assuming normal cruising speed, to
             fly after that for at least 20 minutes.

        4. Jonathan Martin Seeks Exemption From The Requirement Of Section
           91.405(a).

        Section 91.405, entitled Maintenance required, subsection (a), states the

        following: Each owner or operator of an aircraft--
        (a) Shall have that aircraft inspected as prescribed in subpart E of this part and

             shall between required inspections, except as provided in paragraph (c) of this
             section, have discrepancies repaired as prescribed in part 43 of this chapter[.]
5. Jonathan Martin Seeks Exemption From The Requirements Of Section
   91.407(a)(1)

Section 91.407, entitled Operation after maintenance, preventive maintenance,

rebuilding, or alteration, subsection (a)(1), states the following:
(a) No person may operate any aircraft that has undergone maintenance,

    preventive maintenance, rebuilding, or alteration unless--
    (1) It has been approved for return to service by a person authorized under §

         43.7 of this chapter[.]

6. Jonathan Martin Seeks Exemption From The Requirements Of Sections
   91.409(a)(1) And 91.409(a)(2).

Section 91.409, entitled Inspections, subsection (a), states the following:

(a) Except as provided in paragraph (c) of this section, no person may operate an
    aircraft unless, within the preceding 12 calendar months, it has had --
    (1) An annual inspection in accordance with part 43 of this chapter and has
         been approved for return to service by a person authorized by § 43.7 of
         this chapter; or

    (2) An inspection for the issuance of an airworthiness certificate in accordance
         with part 21 of this chapter.

7. Jonathan Martin Seeks Exemption From The Requirements Of Sections
   91.417(a) And 91.417(b).

Section 91.417, entitled Maintenance records, subsections (a) and (b), state the

following:
(a) Except for work performed in accordance with §§ 91.411 and 91.413, each

    registered owner or operator shall keep the following records for the periods
    specified in paragraph (b) of this section:

      (1) Records of the maintenance, preventive maintenance, and alteration
           and records of the 100-hour, annual, progressive, and other required or
           approved inspections, as appropriate, for each aircraft (including the
           airframe) and each engine, propeller, rotor, and appliance of an
           aircraft. The records must include--

         (i) A description (or reference to data acceptable to the Administrator) of
             the work performed; and

         (ii) The date of completion of the work performed; and

         (iii) The signature, and certificate number of the person approving the
               aircraft for return to service.

(2) Records containing the following information:
         (i) The total time in service of the airframe, each engine, each propeller,
             and each rotor.
         (ii) The current status of life-limited parts of each airframe, engine,
              propeller, rotor, and appliance.

         (iii) The time since last overhaul of all items installed on the aircraft which
               are required to be overhauled on a specified time basis.

         (iv) The current inspection status of the aircraft, including the time since
               the last inspection required by the inspection program under which
                       the aircraft and its appliances are maintained.
                  (v) The current status of applicable airworthiness directives (AD) and

                      safety directives including, for each, the method of compliance, the
                      AD or safety directive number and revision date. If the AD or safety
                      directive involves recurring action, the time and date when the next
                      action is required.
                  (vi) Copies of the forms prescribed by § 43.9(d) of this chapter for each
                       major alteration to the airframe and currently installed engines, rotors,
                       propellers, and appliances.
         (b) The owner or operator shall retain the following records for the periods
             prescribed:
               (1) The records specified in paragraph (a)(1) of this section shall be
                   retained until the work is repeated or superseded by other work or for 1
                   year after the work is performed.
               (2) The records specified in paragraph (a)(2) of this section shall be
                   retained and transferred with the aircraft at the time the aircraft is sold.
               (3) A list of defects furnished to a registered owner or operator under §
                   43.11 of this chapter shall be retained until the defects are repaired and
                   the aircraft is approved for return to service.

C. The Extent Of Relief Jonathan Martin Seeks And The Reason Jonathan Martin
   Seeks The Relief.
       1. Extent Of Relief Jonathan Martin Seeks And The Reason Jonathan
            Martin Seeks Relief From Section 91.7(a).

         Relief from Section 91.7(a) entitled Civil aircraft airworthiness, is requested to

the extent required to allow Jonathan Martin to determine that the Tarot 650 Sport UAS

are in airworthy condition prior to every flight by ensuring that the UAS is in

compliance with the operating documents (i.e., the Jonathan Martin Aerial Operations

Manual, Monthly Maintenance Log, and Tarot 650 Sport Instruction Manual).
         Jonathan Martin seeks the requested relief because the Tarot 650 Sport UAS does
not require an airworthiness certificate in accordance with 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H.
Therefore, Jonathan Martin will ensure that the Tarot 650 Sport UAS is in airworthy
condition based upon its compliance with the operating documents (i.e., Monthly
Maintenance Log, and Tarot 650 Sport Instruction Manual) prior to every flight, and
further, determine that the aircraft are in condition for safe flight, as stated in the
conditions and limitations below.

         2. Extent Of Relief Jonathan Martin Seeks And The Reason Jonathan
            Martin Seeks Relief From Section 91.121.

         Relief from Section 91.121, entitled Altimeter settings, may be required to allow
flight operations of the Tarot 650 Sport UAS, which utilize a barometric pressure sensor,
GPS equipment, and a radio communications telemetry data link to downlink altitude
information from the UA to the PIC at the ground control station (GCS). Since the FAA
requires that any altitude information concerning UAS operations be reported to air traffic
control (ATC) in feet above ground level (AGL), Jonathan Martin seeks the requested
relief because the Tarot 650 Sport UAS altimeter may be set on the ground to zero feet
AGL, rather than the local barometric pressure or field altitude, before each flight.

         Considering the limited altitude of the proposed operations, relief from 14 CFR
91.121 is sought to the extent necessary to comply with the applicable conditions and
limitations stated below. As more fully set forth herein, an equivalent level of safety will
be maintained since the Tarot 650 Sport UAS is equipped with a barometric pressure
sensor and GPS equipment, which automatically ensures that a ground level pressure
setting will be established prior to each flight, and provides the PIC with altitude
information of the UA on the heads-up display of the GCS.

         3. Extent Of Relief Jonathan Martin Seeks And The Reason Jonathan
            Martin Seeks Relief From Section 91.151(b).
Relief from Section 91.151(b) entitled Fuel requirements for flight in VFR conditions, is
requested to the extent required to allow flights of the battery powered Tarot 650 Sport
UAS during daylight hours in visual meteorological conditions (VMC), under visual flight
rules (VFR), for a total duration of 13 minutes to the first point of intended landing and,
assuming normal cruising speed, to fly after that for at least 4 minutes. Jonathan Martin
seeks the requested relief because without an exemption from Section 91.151(b), the flight
time duration of the battery powered Tarot 650 Sport UAS will severely constrain the
practicality of any aerial video or still photo flight operations that Jonathan Martin
proposes to conduct pursuant to this Petition.
Significantly, as set forth below, the technical specifications of the Tarot 650 Sport UAS,
the Tarot 650 Sport operating documents, and Jonathan Martin's proposed operating
limitations, ensure that Jonathan Martin will safely operate the battery powered Tarot 650
Sport UAS during daylight hours in visual meteorological conditions (VMC), under visual
flight rules (VFR), with enough battery power to fly for a total duration of 13 minutes to
the first point of intended landing and, assuming normal cruising speed, to fly after that for
at least 4 minutes.

         4. Extent Of Relief Jonathan Martin Seeks And The Reason Jonathan
            Martin Seeks Relief From Sections 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) &
            (a)(2), And 91.417(a) & (b).

         Since Sections 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b)

only apply to aircraft with an airworthiness certificate, Jonathan Martin requests relief
from these Sections because the Tarot 650 UAS does not require airworthiness certificates.

As set forth more fully below, the Tarot 650 Sport UAS meet the conditions of FMRA

Section 333 for operation without an airworthiness certificate. Accordingly, Jonathan
Martin will use trained technicians to perform maintenance, alterations, or preventive

maintenance on the UAS using the methods, techniques, and practices prescribed in the
UAS operating documents (i.e., the Jonathan Martin Aerial Operations Manual, Monthly

Maintenance Log, and Tarot 650 Sport Instruction Manual). Furthermore, Jonathan Martin

will document and maintain all maintenance records for the Tarot 650 Sport UAS.
D. The Reasons Why Granting Jonathan Martin's Request Would Be In The

   Public Interest; That Is, How It Would Benefit The Public As A Whole.
         Granting the present Petition will further the public interest by allowing Jonathan
Martin to safely, efficiently, and economically perform aerial video and photography of
construction sites, real estate, and landscape over certain areas of the United States.

         Additionally, use of the Tarot 650 Sport UAS will decrease congestion of the
NAS, reduce pollution, and provide significant benefits to the economy. Notably, the
benefits of Jonathan Martin's proposed operation of the Tarot 650 Sport UAS will be
realized without implicating any privacy issues.

         1. The Public Will Benefit From Decreased Congestion Of The NAS.
         Tarot 650 Sport is battery powered and serve as a safe, efficient, and economical
alternative to the manned aircraft traditionally utilized to obtain aerial imagery. By
reducing the amount of manned aircraft needed to perform aerial acquisitions, an
exemption allowing the use of a Tarot 650 Sport UAS would reduce the amount of
manned aircraft in the NAS, reduce noise and air pollution, as well as increase the safety
of life and property in the air and on the ground.
         Furthermore, by reducing the number of manned aircraft operating in the NAS,
congestion around airports caused by arriving and departing aircraft will be reduced. The
Tarot 650 Sport UAS do not require an airport to takeoff or land.

       Likewise, a reduction of manned aircraft conducting aerial video and photography
missions would result in fewer aircraft that must be handled by air traffic control during
the ground, takeoff, departure, arrival, and landing phases of flight operations.

         2. The Public Will Benefit From The Safety And Efficiency Of The
            Tarot 650 Sport UAS.

         Conducting aerial acquisitions with the Tarot 650 Sport and UAS, instead of
manned aircraft, will greatly benefit the public by drastically reducing the levels of air and
noise pollution generated during traditional aerial video and still photography flight
operations. By using battery power and electric motors, the Tarot 650 Sport UAS produce
no air pollution, and is the most viable environmentally conscious alternative to the cabin
class, six cylinder internal combustion engine aircraft that are typically utilized for aerial
video and photography, while burning approximately 15 gallons per hour of AVGAS. The
Tarot 650 Sport UAS, while reducing the carbon footprint of aerial acquisitions, also
eliminates noise pollution, as the UAS are propelled by battery powered electric motors,
rather than an internal combustion engine.

         By using the Tarot 650 Sport UAS to perform aerial acquisitions, the substantial
risk to life and property in the air and on the ground, which is usually associated with
traditional manned aircraft flight operations, will be substantially reduced or completely
eliminated. Aside from the lack of flight crew members located onboard the aircraft, the
Tarot 650 Sport UAS (weighing approximately 7 pounds, at their maximum gross weights
with lengths of 20 inches and, widths of 20 inches, and with no fuel on board), has less
physical potential for collateral damage to life and property on the ground, and in the air,
compared to the manned aircraft that typically conduct similar operations (weighing
approximately 6,000 pounds with a wingspan of approximately 36 feet, a length of 30
feet, and a fuel capacity of 70 gallons).

         3. Performing Aerial Video and Photography Operations With The Tarot
            650 Sport UAS Will Benefit The Economy.

         In addition to being safe and efficient, the Tarot 650 Sport and UAS is also an
economical alternative to using manned aircraft to conduct similar aerial operations. As
such, operation of the Tarot 650 Sport UAS will allow United States based companies,
like Jonathan Martin, to remain competitive and contribute to growth of the U.S.
economy. Specifically, with the rising cost of aviation fuel and the Environmental
Protection Agency ("EPA") regulatory actions phasing out leaded aviation fuels, U.S.
owned and operated companies must adopt new and alternative technology in order to
remain competitive. Operating the battery powered Tarot 650 Sport UAS is one such
technology that not only allows companies greater operational flexibility compared to
manned aircraft, but provides such flexibility without the high operational cost of a
traditional manned aircraft.

         By operating the Tarot 650 Sport, companies such as Jonathan Martin, can remain
competitive and profitable, and therefore, provide greater job stability to employees and
contractors, which will ultimately contribute to growth of the U.S. economy. Improved
financial performance of U.S. companies, through commercial use of the Tarot 650 Sport

UAS, provides a stable workforce that increases consumer spending; improves local,

state, and federal tax revenues; and allows companies to invest in research and

development in order to remain competitive both in the United States and abroad.

         4. There Are No Privacy Issues.

Similar to the manned aerial acquisition flight operations that have been conducted for

decades, Jonathan Martin's proposed operation of the Tarot 650 Sport UAS will not

implicate any privacy issues. Specifically, the Tarot 650 Sport UAS will be operated only

in compliance with operating documents (i.e., the Jonathan Martin Aerial Operations

Manual, Monthly Maintenance Log, and Tarot 650 Sport and Instruction Manual) which

requires property owner involvement as well as local law enforcement notification, and in

accordance with the Federal Aviation Regulations, including the minimum altitude

requirements of 14 C.F.R. § 91.119.

E. The Reasons Why Granting The Exemption Would Not Adversely Affect Safety,
   Or How The Exemption Would Provide A Level Of Safety At Least Equal To
   That Provided By The Rule From Which Jonathan Martin Seeks Exemption.
         1. Reasons Why The Tarot 650 Sport UAS Meet The Conditions Of The FAA
            Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (FMRA) Section 333.

         In consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated

with the unmanned aircraft and its operation, Jonathan Martin's operation of the Tarot 650

Sport UAS meets the conditions of FMRA Section 333, and will not require an

airworthiness certificate in accordance with 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H.

         Section 333 provides authority for a UAS to operate without airworthiness

certification and sets forth requirements for considering whether a UAS will create a

hazard to users of the NAS or the public, or otherwise pose a threat to national security.

Specifically, FMRA Section 333 states the following, in part:
         (a) In General.--Notwithstanding any other requirement of this subtitle, and not
             later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of
             Transportation shall determine if certain unmanned aircraft systems may
             operate safely in the national airspace system before completion of the plan
             and rulemaking required by section 332 of this Act or the guidance required
             by section 334 of this Act.
         (b) Assessment of Unmanned Aircraft Systems.--In making the determination
             under subsection (a), the Secretary shall determine, at a minimum--
                      (1) which types of unmanned aircraft systems, if any, as a result of
                          their size, weight, speed, operational capability, proximity to
                          airports and populated areas, and operation within visual line
                          of sight do not create a hazard to users of the national
                          airspace system or the public or pose a threat to national
                          security; and whether a certificate of waiver, certificate of
                          authorization, or airworthiness certification under section
                          44704 of title 49, United States Code, is required for the
                          operation of unmanned aircraft systems identified under
                          paragraph (1).

         (c) Requirements for Safe Operation.--If the Secretary determines under this
             section that certain unmanned aircraft systems may operate safely in the
             national airspace system, the Secretary shall establish requirements for the
             safe operation of such aircraft systems in the national airspace system.

         In seeking this exemption, Jonathan Martin submits that the Tarot 650 Sport UAS

can operate safely in the NAS pursuant to FMRA Section 333, as demonstrated by: (a) the

characteristics of the Tarot 650 Sport UAS; (b) the pilot certification requirement; and (c)

the specific operating limitations.
            a. The Specifications Of The Tarot 650 Sport UAS Demonstrate Its
               Safe Characteristics.

         The Tarot 650 Sport UAS does not create a hazard to users of the NAS or the

public, or otherwise pose a threat to national security considering its size, weight, speed,

and operational capability.

                  i. Technical Specifications Of The Tarot 650 Sport UAS.

         The technical specifications of the Tarot 650 Sport UAS is set forth by the Tarot

650 Sport Specifications and Data Sheet, attached here to as Exhibit A.
                  ii. The Tarot 650 Sport UAS Autonomous Flight And Navigation
                     Modes Enable The UAS To Remain Within A Defined Operational
                     Area.

         The Tarot 650 Sport UAS may be operated in both manual and fully autonomous

flight modes.

                  iii. The Tarot 650 Sport UAS Are Designed For Automatic Return To
                      Home Point Or Hover In The Event Of Loss Of The Control Link Or
                      Navigation.
         When the Control Link is lost, the Tarot 650 Sport UAS will remain stationary, in
flight, for 3 seconds or more. If, after 3 seconds, the Tarot 650 Sport UAS do not
reacquire control link data from the GCS, the UAS will assume that the Control Link is
lost and the UAS will return to the home position (i.e., failsafe mode) via GPS, and will
descend to the takeoff position and shutdown.

                  iv. The Tarot 650 Sport GCS And Its Operation.

         A complete description of the operation and specifications of the Tarot 650 Sport
GCS and flight control software from Eagle Tree Systems is provided in the Tarot 650
Sport User Manual. Tarot 650 Sport Eagle Tree Systems Vector User Manuals are attached
hereto as Exhibits C.

            b. Flight Operations Of Tarot 650 Sport UAS Are Limited To The Line Of
               Sight Of A Certificated Pilot in Command With A Safety Observer.

         Jonathan Martin will only utilize certificated pilots who possess a current and
valid airman medical certificate to act as a pilot in command (PIC) of the Tarot 650 Sport
UAS. Additionally, a safety observer will assist all pilots during flight time.

            c. Flights Of Tarot 650 Sport UAS Will Be Conducted Pursuant To
               Specific Operating Limitations.

         In seeking this exemption, Jonathan Martin proposes to commercially operate
Tarot 650 Sport UAS for the special purpose of conducting aerial video and photography
over certain areas of United States, pursuant to the following specific operating
limitations:

         1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption will be limited to the
            following aircraft described in the operating documents, rotorcraft UASs
            weighing less than 55 pounds maximum gross weight: Tarot 650 Sport 
            Unmanned Aircraft Systems. Proposed operations of any other aircraft will
            require a new petition or a petition to amend this grant.

         2. UAS operations under this exemption will be limited to conducting operations
            for the purpose of aerial video and photography.

         3. The UAS may not be flown at an indicated airspeed exceeding 20 knots.
4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 200 feet above ground
   level (AGL), as indicated by the procedures specified in the operating
   documents unless a special request is made and approved by ATC. All altitudes
   reported to ATC must be in feet AGL.

5. The UAS must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all
   times. This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any
   device other than corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued
   airman medical certificate.

6. The use of first person view (FPV) by the PIC or safety observer (SO) is not
   permitted.

7. All operations must utilize a safety observer (SO). The SO may be used to
   satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
   capability. The SO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times.
   Electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The
   PIC must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her
   designation for the duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the SO can
   perform the functions prescribed in the operating documents.

8. The SO must not perform any other duties beyond assisting the PIC with seeing
   and avoiding other air traffic and other ground based obstacles/obstructions and
   is not permitted to operate the camera or other instruments.

9. The operating documents and the grant of exemption must be accessible during
   UAS operations and made available to the Administrator upon request. If a
   discrepancy exists between the conditions and limitations contained in the grant
   of exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents, the
   conditions and limitations contained in the grant of exemption take precedence
   and must be followed. Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as
   outlined in its operating documents. The operator may update or revise its
   operating documents. It is the operator's responsibility to track such revisions
   and present updated and revised documents to the Administrator upon request.
   The operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for
   extension or amendment to the grant of exemption. If the operator determines
   that any update or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted
   the exemption, then the operator must petition for amendment to its grant of
   exemption. The FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if 

    questions arise regarding updates or revisions to the operating documents. 

10. Prior to each flight the PIC must inspect the UAS to ensure that it is in a
    condition for safe flight. If the inspection reveals a condition that affects the
    safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is prohibited from operating until the
    necessary maintenance has been performed and the UAS is found to be in a
    condition for safe flight. The Ground Control Station must be included in the
    preflight inspection. All maintenance and alterations must be properly
    documented in the aircraft records.

11. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS
    operation or flight characteristics, e.g. replacement of a flight critical
    component, must undergo a functional test flight. The PIC who conducts the
    functional test flight must make an entry in the aircraft records.

12. The pre-flight inspection must account for all potential discrepancies, e.g.
    inoperable components, items, or equipment, not already covered in the
    relevant sections of the operating documents.
          13. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's aircraft/component,
              maintenance, overhaul, replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements.

          14. The operator must carry out its maintenance, inspections, and record keeping
              requirements, in accordance with the operating documents. Maintenance,
              inspection, alterations, and status of replacement/overhaul component parts
              must be noted in the aircraft records, including total time in service,
              description of work accomplished, and the signature of the authorized person
              returning the UAS to service.

          15. Each UASs operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
              Safety Bulletins.

          16. The authorized person must make an entry in the aircraft record of the
              corrective action taken against discrepancies discovered between inspections.

          17. The PIC must possess at least a private pilot certificate and at least a current
              third- class medical certificate.

          18. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC meets the
              operator's qualification criteria and demonstrates the ability to safely operate
              the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated under the
              exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and maintaining
              appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
              qualification flight hours must be logged in a manner consistent with 14 C.F.R.
              § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs are
              permitted under the terms of the exemption. However, training operations may
              only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During training,
              proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for flight
              operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
              with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 C.F.R. §
              91.119.

          19. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 C.F.R. §

All operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). If flight
at night is required, a special request will be made at the FAA office closest to proposed
area of operations. Flights under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

          20. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point
              as denoted on a current FAA-published aeronautical chart unless a letter of
              agreement with that airport's management is obtained, and the operation is
              conducted in accordance with a NOTAM as required by the operator's COA.
              The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
              to the Administrator upon request.

          21. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
              horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from
              the PIC.

          22. If the UA loses communications or loses its GPS signal, it must return to a
              pre- determined location within the planned operating area and land or be
              recovered in accordance with the operating documents.

          23. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or
              emergencies in accordance with the operating documents.
24. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and
    forecast weather conditions) there is enough power to fly at normal cruising
    speed to the intended landing point and land the UA with 25% battery power
    remaining.

25. The operator must obtain an Air Traffic Organization (ATO) issued Certificate
    of Waiver or Authorization (COA) prior to conducting any operations under
    the grant of exemption. This COA will also require the operator to request a
    Notice to Airman (NOTAM) not more than 72 hours in advance, but not less
    than 48 hours prior to the operation. All operations shall be conducted in
    accordance with airspace requirements in the ATO issued COA including
    class of airspace, altitude level and potential transponder requirements.

26. All aircraft operated in accordance with the exemption must be identified by
    serial number, registered in accordance with 14 C.F.R. part 47, and have
    identification (N- Number) markings in accordance with 14 C.F.R. part 45,
    Subpart C. Markings must be as large as practicable.

27. Before conducting operations, the radio frequency spectrum used for
    operation and control of the UA must comply with the Federal
    Communications Commission (FCC) or other appropriate government
    oversight agency requirements.

28. The documents required fewer than 14 C.F.R. 91.9 and 91.203 must be
    available to the PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the
    UAS is operating. These documents must be made available to the
    Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

29. The UA must remain clear and yield the right of way to all manned aviation
    operations and activities at all times.

30. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

31. Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
     persons (persons other than the PIC, SO, operator trainees or essential
     persons), vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:

         a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect
             nonparticipating persons from the UA and/or debris in the event of an
             accident. The operator must ensure that nonparticipating persons
             remain under such protection. If a situation arises where
             nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet
             of the UA, flight operations must cease immediately and/or;

         b. The aircraft is operated near vessels, vehicles or structures where the
             owner/controller of such vessels, vehicles or structures has granted
             permission and the PIC has made a safety assessment of the risk of
             operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not present
             an undue hazard, and;

         c. Operations nearer to the PIC, SO, operator trainees or essential persons
             do not present an undue hazard to those persons per § 91.119(a).

32. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property
     with permission from the land owner/controller or authorized representative.
     Permission from land owner/controller or authorized representative will be
     obtained for each flight to be conducted.
         33. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or
             vertical boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA
             must be reported to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24
             hours. Accidents must be reported to the National Transportation Safety
             Board (NTSB) per instructions contained on the NTSB Web site:
             www.ntsb.gov.

         2. Reasons Why An Exemption From The Requirements Of Section 91.7(a)
            Would Not Adversely Affect Safety.

         The equivalent level of safety established by Section 91.7(a) will be maintained
because prior to every flight, Jonathan Martin will ensure that the Tarot 650 Sport UAS is
in an airworthy condition based upon the UAS's compliance with its operating documents
and as stated in the conditions and limitations herein.

Additionally, the FAA has previously granted relief from Section 91.7(a) specific to UAS,
in circumstances similar, in all material respects, to those presented herein (e.g. Exemption
Nos. 11062, 11063, 11064, 11065, 11066, 11067, 11080, 11109, 11110,
11112, 11136, 11138, 11150, 11153, 11156, 11157, 11158, 11159, 11160, 11161).

         3. Reasons Why An Exemption From The Requirements Of Section 91.121
            Would Not Adversely Affect Safety.

         The equivalent level of safety established by Section 91.121 will be maintained
because the altitude information of the Tarot 650 Sport UAS will be provided to the PIC
via GPS equipment and a radio communications telemetry data link, which downlinks
from the UA to the GCS for active monitoring of the flight path and altitude. This altitude
information, combined with Jonathan Martin's operation of the Tarot 650 Sport within
visual line of sight, at or below 200 feet AGL, will ensure a level of safety equivalent to
Section 91.121. The altitude information will be generated by GPS equipment installed
onboard the aircraft. Prior to each flight, a zero altitude initiation point is automatically
established by the UASs at ground level.

         The FAA has previously granted relief from Section 91.121 specific to UAS, in
circumstances similar, in all material respects, to those presented herein (e.g. Exemption
Nos. 11062, 11063, 11064, 11065, 11066, 11067, 11080, 11109, 11112, 11136, 11138,

11150, 11153, 11156, 11157, 11158, 11159, 11160, 11161).
         4. Reasons Why An Exemption From The Requirements Of Section 91.151(b)
            Would Not Adversely Affect Safety.

         A grant of this exemption would ensure an equivalent level of safety established
by 14 C.F.R. Section 91.151(b) as a result of (1) the technical specifications of the Tarot
650 Sport and Tarot X4; (2) the limitations on the proposed flight operations; and (3) the
location of the proposed flight operations. Accordingly, Jonathan Martin will ensure that
it will safely operate the battery powered Tarot 650 Sport UAS during daylight hours in
VFR conditions, with enough battery power to fly for a total duration of 13 minutes to the
first point of intended landing and, assuming normal cruising speed, to fly after that for at
least 4 minutes.

         Here, as in Exemption No. 11109, the technical specifications of the Tarot 650
Sport; the limitations on the proposed flight operations; and the location of the proposed
operations, will ensure an equivalent level of safety established by 14 C.F.R. Section
91.151(b). Furthermore, safety will be ensured as the Tarot 650 Sport UAS provide
audible and visual warnings to the PIC at the GCS when the UAS experiences low battery
voltage, the first warning occurring at approximately 33% remaining battery power, and
again at approximately 10% remaining battery power. At the critically low battery level,
the Tarot 650 Sport UAS will descend and land automatically.
Significantly, previous exemptions granted by the FAA concerning Section establish that
safety is not adversely affected when the technical characteristics and operating
limitations of the UAS are considered. Relief has been granted for manned aircraft to
operate at less than the minimums prescribed in Section 91.151, including Exemption
Nos. 2689, 5745, and 10650. Moreover, the FAA has previously granted relief from
Section 91.151 specific to UAS, in circumstances similar, in all material respects, to those
presented herein (e.g. Exemption Nos. 8811, 10808, 10673, 11042, 11062, 11063, 11064,
11065, 11066, 11067, 11080, 11109, 11110, 11136, 11138, 11150, 11153, 11156, 11157,
11158, 11159, 11160, 11161).

         5. Reasons Why An Exemption From The Requirements Of Sections
            91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), And 91.417(a) & (b) Would
            Not Adversely Affect Safety.

         In seeking this exemption, Jonathan Martin submits that the equivalent level of
safety with regard to the regulatory maintenance and alteration requirements established
by Sections 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b) will be
met because Jonathan Martin will use trained technicians to perform maintenance,
alterations, or preventive maintenance on the UASs using the methods, techniques, and
practices prescribed in the operating documents (i.e., the Jonathan Martin Aerial
Operations Manual, Monthly Maintenance Log, and Tarot 650 Sport Instruction Manual).
Furthermore, Jonathan Martin will document and maintain all maintenance records for the
Tarot 650 Sport UAS.

         Since the Tarot 650 Sport UAS will be inspected as prescribed by the operating
documents, Jonathan Martin will maintain the equivalent level of safety established by
Sections 91.405(a), 91.409(a)(1), and 91.409(a)(2). A copy of the Tarot 650 Sport User
Manuals are attached hereto as Exhibit C; a copy of the Tarot 650 Sport and UAS
Maintenance LOG is attached hereto as Exhibit D.

         Likewise, the exemption sought will not adversely affect safety because Jonathan
Martin will use trained technicians to perform maintenance, alterations or preventive
maintenance on the UAS using the methods, techniques, and practices prescribed by the
operating documents.

         Furthermore, the exemption sought would maintain an equivalent level of safety
established by Sections 91.407, 91.417(a) and 91.417(b), because all maintenance of the
Tarot 650 Sport and Tarot X4 UASs will be performed by trained technicians.
Maintenance will be documented and maintained utilizing the monthly maintenance log.

         Significantly, previous exemptions granted by the FAA concerning Sections
91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b) establish that safety is
not adversely affected when the technical characteristics and operating limitations of the
UAS are considered.

         In consideration of Jonathan Martin's proposed operating limitations, the
operating documents, and the technical aspects of the Tarot 650 Sport UAS, Jonathan
Martin submits that safety will not be adversely affected by granting exemption from 14
C.F.R. Sections 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1) and (a)(2), 91.409(a)(2), and 91.417(a) and (b).
The FAA has previously granted relief specific to UAS in circumstances similar, in all
material respects, to those presented herein (e.g. Exemption Nos. 11062, 11063, 11064,
11065, 11066, 11067, 11080, 11109, 11110, 11112, 11136, 11138, 11150, 11153, 11156,
11157, 11158, 11159, 11160, 11161).

         6. The FAA May Prescribe Any Other Conditions For Safe Operation.
         In accordance with Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of
2012 (FMRA) and 14 C.F.R. § 21.16 entitled Special Conditions, Jonathan Martin
requests that the FAA prescribe special conditions for the intended operation of the Tarot
650 Sport and UAS, which contain such safety standards that the Administrator finds
necessary to establish a level of safety equivalent to that established by 14 C.F.R. Part 21,
Subpart H, and 14 C.F.R §§ 61.113(a) & (b), 91.7 (a), 91.121, 91.151(b), 91.405(a),
91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b). Such special conditions will
permit safe operation of the UAS for the limited purpose of conducting aerial video and
photography over certain areas of the United States for compensation or hire. FMRA
Section 333 sets forth the requirements for considering whether a UAS will create a
hazard to users of the NAS or the public, or otherwise pose a threat to national security;
and further, provides the authority for such UAS to operate without airworthiness
certification in accordance with any requirements that must be established for the safe
operation of the UAS in the NAS.
         Likewise, the Administrator may prescribe special conditions pursuant to 14

C.F.R. § 21.16, for operation of the Tarot 650 Sport, since the airworthiness regulations of
14 C.F.R. Part 21 do not contain adequate or appropriate safety standards, due to the novel
or unusual design features of the aircraft. Section 21.16, entitled Special Conditions, states
the following:
If the FAA finds that the airworthiness regulations of this subchapter do not contain
adequate or appropriate safety standards for an aircraft, aircraft engine, or propeller
because of a novel or unusual design feature of the aircraft, aircraft engine or propeller, he
prescribes special conditions and amendments thereto for the product. The special
conditions are issued in accordance with Part 11 of this chapter and contain such safety
standards for the aircraft, aircraft engine or propeller as the FAA finds necessary to
establish a level of safety equivalent to that established in the regulations. See 14 C.F.R. §
21.16.

         Therefore, in accordance with FMRA Section 333 and 14 C.F.R. § 21.16, the

FAA may prescribe special conditions for Jonathan Martin's intended operation of the

Tarot 650 Sport UAS, which contain such safety standards that the Administrator finds

necessary to establish a level of safety equivalent to that established by 14 C.F.R. Part 21,

Subpart H, and 14 C.F.R Sections 91.7(a), 91.121, 91.151(b), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1),

91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b).

     A Summary That Can Be Published In The Federal Register, stating: The
         Rules From Which Jonathan Martin Seeks Exemption:

         Jonathan Martin commercial pilot certificate number 2784208 seeks exemption
         from the requirements of 14 C.F.R Sections 91.7(a), 91.121, 91.151(b), 91.405(a),
         91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1)
         & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b).

         A Brief Description Of The Nature Of The Exemption Jonathan Martin
         Seeks:

         This exemption will permit Jonathan Martin commercial pilot certificate number
         2784208 to commercially operate an Unmanned Aircraft System (UAS) for the
         purpose of conducting aerial video and photography over certain areas of the
         United States.
     Any Additional Information, Views, Or Arguments Available To Support
         Jonathan Martin's Request.

         This Petition is made pursuant to the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of

2012 (FMRA) Section 333, which directs the Secretary of Transportation to determine if

certain UAS may operate safely in the NAS. As such, Jonathan Martin's request for

exemption may be granted pursuant to the authority of FMRA Section 333 and 14 C.F.R.

Part 11, as set forth above.

         FMRA Section 333 sets forth the requirements for considering whether a UAS

will create a hazard to users of the NAS or the public, or otherwise pose a threat to

national security; and further, provides the authority for such UAS to operate without

airworthiness certification.

As discussed in detail above, Jonathan Martin will operate the Tarot 650 Sport UAS safely
in the NAS, without creating a hazard to users of the NAS, or the public, or otherwise
pose a threat to national security.
                                            CONCLUSION

 As set forth herein, Jonathan Martin commercial pilot certificate number 2784208 seeks
 an exemption pursuant to 14 C.F.R. §11.61 and Section 333 of the FAA Modernization
 and Reform Act of 2012 (FMRA), which will permit safe operation of the Tarot 650
 Sport and UASs commercially, without an airworthiness certificate, for the limited
 purpose of conducting aerial video and photography over certain areas of the United
 States. By granting this Petition, the FAA Administrator will be fulfilling the
 Congressional mandate of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012, while also
 advancing the interests of the public, by allowing Jonathan Martin to safely, efficiently,
 and economically operate the Tarot 650 Sport UAS commercially within the NAS.

         WHEREFORE, in accordance with the Federal Aviation Regulations and the
FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012, Section 333, Jonathan Martin respectfully
requests that the Administrator grant this Petition for an exemption from the requirements
of 14 C.F.R Sections 91.7(a), 91.121, 91.151(b), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) &
(a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b), and permit Jonathan Martin to operate the Tarot 650 Sport
UAS commercially for the purpose of conducting aerial video and photography over
certain areas of the United States.
Dated: June 3, 2015

                                                              Respectfully submitted,
                                                              Jonathan Martin
                                                              582 Coatesville RD
                                                              West Grove PA 19390
Appendices:

A ­ Tarot 650 Sport Specifications Data Sheet
B ­ Tarot 650 Sport Manufactures User Manual
C ­ Eagle Tree Systems Vector User Manuel
(ATTACHED)
D ­ Monthly Maintenance Log
                                              EXHIBIT ­ A

                            TAROT 650 SPORT UAS TECHNICAL
                                         SPECIFICATIONS

The Tarot 650 Sport and Tarot X4 UAS's are professional grade all carbon fiber UAS's
which are installed with Eagle Tree Vector software enabling the user to set parameters
which will not allow flight into controlled airspace. Parameters can also be set to limit
flight to no higher than a predetermined and set altitude as well as limit flight to a
predetermined and set distance. In addition, the installed Eagle Tree Vector software
provides real-time altitude and location information to the PIC via the linked monitor and
on screen display visually as well as audibly.

   Tarot 650 Sport

   Aircraft
   Supported Battery ­ Storm 5500mAH LiPo Battery
   Weight (Battery & Propellers Included) ­ 5 lbs
   Hover Accuracy (Ready to Fly) ­ Vertical: .8m; Horizontal: 2.5m
   Max Yaw Angular Velocity - 2001/s
   Max Tilt Angel - 351
   Max Ascent Speed ­ 6m/s
   Max Descent Speed ­ 2m/s
   Max Flight Speed ­ 15m/s (NOT RECOMMENDED)

   Gimbal
   Tarot 2D Vs. 2
   Operating Current ­ 200mA-500mA
   Control Accuracy - ±0.1
   Controllable Range ­ Pitch: -135 - 90
   Maximum Angular Speed ­ Pitch: 2000/s

   Camera
   GoPro Hero 3+
   Lens Aperature ­ f/2.8
   Effective Pixels ­ 12mp
   Resolution ­ 12 mega pixels
   HD Video Recording ­ 1080p30 & 720p

   Transmitter
   Operating Frequency ­ 5.728GHz ­ 5.85GHz
   Communication Distance (unobstructed) ­ FCC Compliance: 800m
   Receiver Sensitivity (1%PER) - -93dBm
   Transmitter Power ­ FCC Compliance: 100mW
   Working Voltage ­ 120mA@3.7V
Range Extender
Operating Frequency ­ 2412-2462MHz
Communication Distance (unobstructed) ­ 500-700m
Transmitter Power ­ 20dBm
Power Consumption ­ 2W
                                               EXHIBIT-B
                                 Tarot 650 SPORT USER MANUEL

                             Tarot FY650 Sport - A Portable size Quadcopter with Motorized Landing Gear
  This is Tarot's only Quadcopter frame, 650 size, came with Motorized Landing Gear and it takes maximum 15" propeller.
  The Tarot FY650 Sport has a lot in common with the bigger Tarot FY680-Pro (it has Six rotors), both have a Carbon Fiber
    Deck and a Integrated PCB Board, user can solder the ESC's power cable directly onto this PCB board and save a lot of
heavy and messy cables. The movable battery mount is also a good feature to balance the best C.G., because when you put
  a Tarot T-2D gimbal in the front of the drone, you need to off-set the weight with battery. The best of all is the Motorized
 Landing Gear, they connected to a Controller (included) and through a switch on your RC transmitter, you can retract and

    deploy the legs, so you will not see the legs in your Video anymore, this is a nice touch as the Motorized Landing Gear
                                               usually is "DIY" item, now Tarot includes them in the package.

The Tarot FY650 Sport airframe is versatile, you can put small but high speed motors and smaller props on it to become an
agile GoPro Camera platform, or use with big motors and props on it to be a long flight time platform, it's a great choice for

                      you in Price and Performance for shooting beautiful scenery or interesting footage for YouTube.
  We recommend 4S 14.8V, Tarot 4006 620kv and 13" prop, or even more powerful config like 6S 22.2V Li-Po, Tarot 4008
   380kv motor 13" propeller, this can carry payload up to 1kg to 1.3kg, that means GoPro and similar size camera are no
 problem. Remember that if you put the camera in front, please adjust the battery's position at the rear to have best C.G.

                                                    Great all around drone

   You can put a lot of different gadgets on the drone, for lighter payload you can use lighter and cheaper config like small
        motors and battery, if you want to go big, just increase the size of the motor and props, we like this FY650 Sport.

                                                   Motorized Landing Gear

                      Came with the package, 100% made by Tarot, fully integrated with the FY650 Sport Airframe.

                                    Retract and Deploy with a flip of a switch

                        The two landing gears connect to a controller, and connect the controller to the RC receiver.

          Four rotor drones will have longer flight time, but less payload capacity

                             Two motor less then Hexacopter, that means less energy consumption and fly longer.

                                The new designed Integrated PCB Upper Deck

  The Tarot FY650 Sport has a PCB Upper Deck and Carbon Fiber Lower Deck. You can solder the ESC's power directly onto
                    the PCB Upper Deck, no need to handle a bunch of power cables, much clean layout in the drone.

                                      The soldering points on the PCB Board

                                       This is the PCB Board of the FY680 Pro, very similar to the FY650 Sport.
                              Light weight and easy to adjust motor mount

                        Support motor up to 45mm Dia., with 16mm, 19mm, 25mm and 27.7mm hole spacing.

                       Came with Mounting Rail and Movable Battery Mount

No need to spend money for the mounting rail. It is 60mm apart, you can put T-2D Gimbal on it and move that battery
                                                                          position for best C.G.

                                   A Portable 650 Size Hexacopter Frame

                  Easy transportation is very important, especially when you try to put it in the car by yourself...

                                             Fold it up, it's very portable

                                                  It's foldable, easy to put in the back seat of your car.

                                                                              Specifications :
                                                                         - Frame weight : 750g
                                                                       - Arms diameter : 16mm
                                                                          - Drone dia : 650mm
                                                       - Center body dimension : 190 x 200 x 2.0mm
                    - Mount mounting hole : 16mm hole x 2 / 19mm hole x 2 / 25mm hole x 4 / 28mm hole x 3
                                             - Drone's weight (everything it needs to fly) : around 2.3kg
                                                                 - Payload (it can carry) : 1~1.3kg

                                                                        Our Flight Reference :
                                              - Battery Supply : One 4S 14.8V 5500mah for 13 minutes

                                                                 - Motor : Tarot 4006 620kv Motor
                                                             - ESC : Hobbywing Platinum 30A-OPTO
                                                           - Propeller : Tarot 1355 Carbon Propellers
   - Carrying : Tarot T-2D Brushless Motor Gimbal, TS352 FPV Transmitter, GoPro Hero 3+ (They weight about 700g)

                                                                       This package includes :
                                      1. 1 X Tarot 650 Sport Airframe and Motorized Landing Gear

                                                      2. 1 X Controller for the Landing Gears
                                                                3. 1 X Manual with English
                                                                   4. Battery Velcro Tape

                                             EXHIBIT-C
                               Eagle Tree Systems Vector Manuel

                                              (Attached)
                                                EXHIBIT ­ D

                     MONTHLY$MAINTENANCE$LOG

                                                                                           month:  (year:

    UAS$#:$            Date(Issue( Date(Issue(  Issue(Description(&(Maintenance(Conducted     Maintenance(Performed(By:(((
   Software(Updates   Discovered Addressed
                                                                                                   Print(&(Sign
                        
                                                                                            

   Airframe(                                                                                

   Engines                                                                                  

   Propellers                                                                               

        Camera(Gimbal                                                                       

        Landing(Gear                                                                        

        Vibration(Dampening                                                                 

   Other:                                                                                   

                                                                                            

                                                                                            

                                                                                            

 
