May 11, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 11529
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­0425

Mr. Joshua A. Strunk
359 Norwich Westerly Road
North Stonington, CT 06359

Dear Mr. Strunk:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter posted February 20, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration
(FAA) for an exemption. The exemption would allow the petitioner to operate an unmanned
aircraft system (UAS) to conduct aerial photography and cinematography to perform
geographic studies and to augment real estate listings.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a DJI Phantom 2 Vision+.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
                                                                                                                 2

consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

· They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

· The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

· A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Mr. Joshua A. Strunk is granted an exemption from
14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c),
91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to
the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Mr. Joshua A. Strunk is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.
                                                                                                            3

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom 2
    Vision+ when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations
    of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
    not permitted.

3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
    exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
    compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
    airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
    aircraft manufacturer.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
    electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
    must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
    required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
                                                                                                            4

    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
                                                                                                            5

    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
                                                                                                               6

       These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
       official upon request.

   24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
       activities at all times.

   25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

   26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
       persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
          a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
             from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
             that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
             where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
             the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
             of nonparticipating persons; and
          b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
             for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
             the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
             present an undue hazard.

       The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
       nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

   27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
       permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
       Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
       obtained for each flight to be conducted.

   28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
       boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
       to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
       reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
       contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

   29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
       as documented in this grant of exemption.

   30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
       exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
       District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
                                                                                                                 7

         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:

           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted

              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of

              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners

              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.

This exemption terminates on May 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,

/s/

John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service
Joshua A. Strunk

359 Norwich Westerly Road

North Stonington, CT 06359

C: 860.460.2501

I, Joshua Strunk, am petitioning the Federal Aviation Administration for exemption from part 21,
subpart H; and Sections 45.23(b), 61.113(a) and (b), 91.7(a), 91.9(b)(2), 91.103(b), 91.109, 91.119,
91.121, 91.151(a), 91.203(a) and (b), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(2), and 91.417(a) and (b) of
Title 14, Code of Federal Regulations (14 CFR).

Summary:

The exemption would allow me to operate a DJI PHANTOM 2 Vision+ quad-copter unmanned
aircraft system (UAS) to conduct aerial photography and cinematography to perform geographic
studies of the Southeastern New England Region pertaining to coastal geomorphology and fluvial
change in coastal regions and augment real estate listings to show boundaries and proximity to the
natural and anthropogenic surroundings.

Description:

I have taken 4 hours of flight training as a private pilot to date and plan to continue working to earn
my private pilot's license. With this said there is very little, if anything, in common while flying a
small aircraft with enclosed cabin and a 3.5 pound UAS. The flight characteristics, control schemes,
methods of preflight and everything from take off until landing are different. To keep the various
craft from intruding into each other's airspace is the most important goal. Knowing the appropriate
airspace and approach routes for various craft is extremely important and the most important
trans-craft knowledge to be had.

As such the exemptions from the following sections would permit me to operate a UAS in a safe and
controlled manner away from the airspace that aircraft are permitted to use; or if the UAS is to
enter the same airspace all property authorities shall be notified to ensure all required persons are
aware of the UAS. The following statements and exemption requests will detail how the safety
precautions will be met. Permitting exemption to the following would allow the public to see how a
UAS can be used to promote public awareness and demonstrate the usefulness of small UAS to
photograph areas and regions in circumstances where large aircraft are not feasible due to
geographic or monetary reasons. Examples would be detailed, high resolution images of rivers,
beaches, and estuaries showing the changes due to sea level rise, storm events and anthropogenic
acts like jetties and breach ways.
Sections for requested Exemption:

Responses to the following sections are in italics.

Part 21 prescribes the procedural requirements for issuing and changing design approvals,
productions approvals, airworthiness certificates, and airworthiness approvals.

Section 45.23(b) prescribes that when marks include only the Roman capital letter "N" and the
registration number is displayed on limited, restricted or light-sport category aircraft or
experimental or provisionally certificated aircraft, the operator must also display on that aircraft
near each entrance to the cabin, cockpit, or pilot station, in letters not less than 2 inches nor more
than 6 inches high, the words "limited," "restricted," "light-sport," "experimental," or "provisional,"
as applicable.

The size of the UAS is too small to fit the required markings on the fuselage. A smaller type or
different designation could be used.

Section 61.113(a) and (b) prescribes that--

         (a) no person who holds a private pilot certificate may act as a pilot in command of an
         aircraft that is carrying passengers or property for compensation or hire; nor may that
         person, for compensation or hire, act as pilot in command of an aircraft.

         (b) a private pilot may, for compensation or hire, act as pilot in command of an aircraft in
         connection with any business or employment if:

         (1) The flight is only incidental to that business or employment; and

         (2) The aircraft does not carry passengers or property for compensation or hire.

The UAS is not capable of carrying passengers or is able to carry cargo aside from the mentioned
gimbal mounted camera.

Section 91.7(a) prescribes that no person may operate a civil aircraft unless it is in an airworthy
condition.

There are no specifications on what makes a UAS airworthy, during the preflight checks all
propellers and mountings are checked for damage and operation.

Section 91.7(b) prescribes that the pilot in command of a civil aircraft is responsible for determining
whether that aircraft is in condition for safe flight and that the PIC shall discontinue the flight when
unairworthy mechanical, electrical, or structural conditions occur.

Preflight checks shall be completed before lift off and continuous monitoring of in-flight systems
shall be performed from the ground station from the moment of powering up for preflight until
shutting down at the end of the operation.

Section 91.9(b)(2) prohibits operation of U.S.-registered civil aircraft unless there is available in the
aircraft a current approved Airplane or Rotorcraft Flight Manual, approved manual material,
markings, and placards, or any combination thereof.

Supplemental materials will include equipment and flight manuals issued with the UAS.

Section 91.103(b) prescribes that a pilot shall for any flight, become familiar with runway lengths at
airports of intended use, and takeoff and landing distance information.

All landing zones will be thoroughly checked and flight areas reviewed before any flights are made.

Section 91.109(a) prescribes, in pertinent part, that no person may operate a civil aircraft (except a
manned free balloon) that is being used for flight instruction unless that aircraft has fully
functioning dual controls.

The system is not available with dual controls, though with the UAS size and training in safe areas
the instruction could be contained to a safe altitude and area where safety can be optimized for all
involved.

Section 91.119 prescribes that, except when necessary for takeoff or landing, no person may
operate an aircraft below the following altitudes:

         (a) Anywhere. An altitude allowing, if a power unit fails, an emergency landing without
         undue hazard to persons or property on the surface.

         (b) Over congested areas. Over any congested area of a city, town, or settlement, or over
         any open air assembly of persons, an altitude of 1,000 feet above the highest obstacle
         within a horizontal radius of 2,000 feet of the aircraft.

         (c) Over other than congested areas. An altitude of 500 feet above the surface, except over
         open water or sparsely populated areas. In those cases, the aircraft may not be operated
         closer than 500 feet to any person, vessel, vehicle, or structure.

         (d) Helicopters, powered parachutes, and weight-shift-control aircraft. If the operation is
         conducted without hazard to persons or property on the surface--

         (1) A helicopter may be operated at less than the minimums prescribed in paragraph (b) or
         (c) of this section, provided each person operating the helicopter complies with any routes
         or altitudes specifically prescribed for helicopters by the FAA; and

         (2) A powered parachute or weight-shift-control aircraft may be operated at less than the
         minimums prescribed in paragraph (c) of this section.
         Due to altitude limitations and the desire to avoid passenger carrying aircraft it is requested
         to maintain a maximum ceiling of 400' with typical heights being below that dependent on
         angles and shots for photographic use.

Section 91.405(a) requires, in pertinent part, that an aircraft operator or owner shall have that
aircraft inspected as prescribed in subpart E of the same part and shall, between required
inspections, except as provided in paragraph (c) of the same section, have discrepancies repaired as
prescribed in part 43 of the chapter.

As there are no current maintenance requirements for UAS of this type it is not possible to meet this
requirement at this time.

Section 91.121 requires, in pertinent part, each person operating an aircraft to maintain cruising
altitude by reference to an altimeter that is set "...to the elevation of the departure airport or an
appropriate altimeter setting available before departure."

The UAS is single operator only with no dual controls so there will be only one pilot during flight, the
GPS system will reference the altitude at the launch point for every flight. This will also be the point
that the UAS will return to upon completion.

Section 91.151(a) prescribes that no person may begin a flight in an airplane under VFR conditions
unless (considering wind and forecast weather conditions) there is enough fuel to fly to the first
point of intended landing and, assuming normal cruising speed, (1) during the day, to fly after that
for at least 30 minutes [emphasis added].

Section 91.203(a) prohibits, in pertinent part, any person from operating a civil aircraft unless it has
within it (1) an appropriate and current airworthiness certificate; and (2) an effective U.S.
registration certificate issued to its owner or, for operation within the United States, the second
copy of the Aircraft registration Application as provided for in § 47.31(c).

Section 91.203(b) prescribes, in pertinent part, that no person may operate a civil aircraft unless
the airworthiness certificate or a special flight authorization issued under § 91.715 is displayed at
the cabin or cockpit entrance so that it is legible to passengers or crew.

Section 91.407(a)(1) prohibits, in pertinent part, any person from operating an aircraft that has
undergone maintenance, preventive maintenance, rebuilding, or alteration unless it has been
approved for return to service by a person authorized under § 43.7 of the same chapter.

Section 91.409(a)(2) prescribes, in pertinent part, that no person may operate an aircraft unless,
within the preceding 12 calendar months, it has had an inspection for the issuance of an
airworthiness certificate in accordance with part 21 of this chapter.

There are currently no airworthiness certificates for the UAS to be used and also as there is no cabin
cockpit or passenger compartment on the UAS it is not possible to store certificates on board the
craft.
Section 91.417(a) and (b) prescribes, in pertinent part, that--

(a) Each registered owner or operator shall keep the following records for the periods specified in
paragraph (b) of this section:

(1) Records of the maintenance, preventive maintenance, and alteration and records of the 100-
hour, annual, progressive, and other required or approved inspections, as appropriate, for each
aircraft (including the airframe) and each engine, propeller, rotor, and appliance of an aircraft. The
records must include--

         (i) A description (or reference to data acceptable to the
         Administrator) of the work performed; and

         (ii) The date of completion of the work performed; and

         (iii) The signature, and certificate number of the person approving the aircraft for return to
         service.

(2) Records containing the following information:

         (i) The total time in service of the airframe, each engine, each propeller, and each rotor.

         (ii) The current status of life-limited parts of each airframe, engine, propeller, rotor, and
         appliance.

         (iii) The time since last overhaul of all items installed on the aircraft which are required to be
         overhauled on a specified time basis.

         (iv) The current inspection status of the aircraft, including the time since the last inspection
         required by the inspection program under which the aircraft and its appliances are
         maintained.

         (v) The current status of applicable airworthiness directives (AD) and safety directives
         including, for each, the method of compliance, the AD or safety directive number and
         revision date. If the AD or safety directive involves recurring action, the time and date when
         the next action is required.

         (vi) Copies of the forms prescribed by § 43.9(d) of this chapter for each major alteration to
         the airframe and currently installed engines, rotors, propellers, and appliances.

         (b) The owner or operator shall retain the following records for the periods prescribed:

         (1) The records specified in paragraph (a)(1) of this section shall be retained until the work is
         repeated or superseded by other work or for 1 year after the work is performed.

         (2) The records specified in paragraph (a)(2) of this section shall be retained and transferred
         with the aircraft at the time the aircraft is sold.

         (3) A list of defects furnished to a registered owner or operator under
         § 43.11 of this chapter shall be retained until the defects are repaired and the aircraft is
         approved for return to service.

         Records of maintenance and engine replacement can be kept as well as prop changes and
         any repairs or fixes to the gimbal, electronics, and camera system. Due to the cost of parts
         and fact that it is cost effective to completely replace parts instead of repair them
         maintenance records may not apply.

Supporting Information:

The petitioner has provided the following information ­ contained in his petition and supporting
documentation including:

PHANTOM Quick Start Guide, PHANTOM Pilot Training Guide v.1.1, PHANTOM 2 Vision+ User
          Manual v1.6, Smart Flight Battery Safety Guidelines

Unmanned Aircraft System (UAS)

I plan to operate a UAS, the PHANTOM 2 Vision+, which is comprised of an unmanned aircraft (UA
or PHANTOM) and a hand held ground station. The PHANTOM is referred to as a quad-copter with
a maximum gross weight of about 3.5 pounds. It is equipped with four rotors that are driven by
brush less electric motors powered by a rechargeable smart battery that records discharges and the
life of the battery. The UA has a maximum airspeed of 25 mph with no wind. The UAS has a 14mp
camera mounted on a powered gimbal beneath the frame.

I plan to operate the UAS in New England (CT, RI, MA, VT, NH, ME) testing the practicality of using a
UAS to check coastal change and the evolution of riverine environments. I would also like to
photograph real estate and landscapes to demonstrate the aesthetic beauty of New England via
photographic and cinema graphic presentations.

The following are safety precautions I will take before each flight and as training for operations:

     To date I have accomplished 46 hours of flight time with the DJI Phantom Vision 2+ and will
         continue practicing 2-4 hours per week in a safe and controlled manner.

     I will operate the UAS away from densely populated areas and fully examine the regions
         where flights will take place to check for emergency landing areas.

     I will conduct preflight inspections of the craft and ground station controls to insure a
         constant connection and set the GPS home base feature prior to launch. The home base
         feature sets the point of launch as the point of return in case the UAS loses contact with the
         base station.
     Preflight checks will consist of propeller and motor operation tests as well as ensuring all
         batteries are charged and control interfaces are talking to each other to confirm complete
         control during the flight.

     A spotter will be used in any region that requires it, this being areas where tree cover or the
         placement of buildings could restrict direct LOS between the PIC and UAS. Spotter and PIC
         will be in constant communication via VHF radio with cellular phones as a backup.

     If a spotter is required the spotter would be fully briefed on the flight operation and what
         they will be looking for in terms of obstructions, flight patterns, and emergency landing
         areas.

     The UAS will be operated in the FCC compliance mode.

Given the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the UAS to be utilized, an
exemption from 14 CFR part 21, Subpart H (Airworthiness Certificates) and § 91.203 (a) and (b)
(Certifications required), subject to certain conditions and limitations, is warranted and meets the
requirements for an equivalent level of safety under 14 CFR part 11 and Section 333 of P.L. 112-95
(Section 333).

An exemption from § 45.23 Marking of the aircraft because the UA will not have a cabin, cockpit or
pilot station on which to mark certain words or phrases. Two inch lettering is difficult to place on
such a small aircraft with dimensions smaller than the minimal lettering requirement. Regardless of
this, the UAS can be marked in the largest possible lettering by placing the word "Experimental" on
its fuselage as required by § 45.29(f) so that the pilot or anyone assisting as a spotter will see the
markings.

An exemption from §§ 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(2) and 91.417(a) and (b) Maintenance
inspections is required since they only apply to aircraft with an airworthiness certificate.

UAS Pilot in Command (PIC)

Under § 61.113 (a) and (b) private pilots are limited to non-commercial operations, however an
equivalent level of safety as achieved by current regulations because the UAS does not carry any
pilots or passengers. Further, while helpful, a pilot license will not ensure remote control piloting
skills. The risks of operating a UAS are far less than the risk levels inherent in the commercial
activities outlined in 14 CFR part 61, et seq., thus requests an exemption from § 61.113 Private Pilot
Privileges and Limitations: Pilot in command.

Regarding UAS operational training, numerous practice flights have been flown in remote areas as a
hobbyist simulating flights for future commercial use to gain familiarization with the characteristics
of the UAS performance under different temperature and weather conditions.

In a supplemental request to the FAA, the petitioner requests consideration of a 120 day temporary
airman certificate in accordance with § 63.13, to allow the FAA time to establish minimum UAS
airman certification standards.

UAS Operating Parameters
The following additional operating conditions will be followed:

· operate the UAS below 400 feet and within a radius distance of 1000 feet from the controller to
both aid in direct line of sight visual observation;1

· operate the UAS for 3-10 minutes per flight, and land before the UAS indicates a battery charge
below 30%;

· land the UAS prior to the manufacturer's recommended minimum level of battery power;

· operate UAS only within visual line of sight (VLOS);

· use the UAS' global positioning system (GPS) flight safety feature whereby it hovers and then
slowly lands if communication with the remote control pilot is lost;

· conduct all operations under personal and flight safety protocols contained in the operating
documents and will actively analyze flight data and other sources of information to constantly
update and enhance safety protocols;

· contact respective airports if operations will be within 5 miles to advise them of the estimated
flight time, flight duration, elevation of flight and other pertinent information;

· obtain all necessary permissions prior to operation; and

· have procedures in place to abort flights in the event of safety breaches or potential danger.

§ 91.7(a) prohibits the operation of an aircraft without an airworthiness certificate. Since there is
currently no certificate applicable to this operation, this regulation is inapplicable at this time.

§ 91.9(b)(2) requires an aircraft flight manual in the aircraft, however since there are no pilots or
passengers on board this aircraft and given its size, this regulation is inapplicable. An equivalent
level of safety can be achieved by maintaining a safety/flight manual with the UAS ground station.

§ 91.103(b) Preflight action, there are no preflight checklists for this UAS but the steps listed
previously will be taken before every flight.

§ 91.109 Flight instruction; simulated instrument flight and certain flight test, there are no flight
examinations for this UAS or certified instructors or certified learning courses at this time.

§ 91.119 prescribes safe altitudes for the operation of civil aircraft, but that it allows helicopters to
be operated at lower altitudes in certain conditions. The UAS will not be operated above the
altitude of 400 feet above ground level (AGL) and will also only operate in safe areas away from the
public and traffic, thus "providing a level of safety at least equivalent to or below those in relation
to minimum safe altitudes." Given the size, weight, maneuverability, and speed of the UAS, an
equivalent or higher level of safety will be achieved.
§ 91.121 Altimeter settings is inapplicable since the UAS utilizes electronic GPS.

§ 91.151(a) Fuel requirements for flight in VFR conditions, at any point when the weather does not
permit direct visual contact with the UAS via the PIC or spotter the UAS will be landed immediately.

Public Interest

Aerial photography and videography for geographical awareness and for real estate marketing has
been around for a long time through manned fixed wing aircraft and helicopters, but for small
business owners, its expense has been cost-prohibitive. The cost prohibition does not permit
seasonal or repeated over flights for many institutions which could mean several years between a
regions being photographed. Small areas of study could be repeatedly photographed permitting in
depth study of an areas change in geomorphology through the seasons and after storm events.
Granting this exemption would allow this service to be provided at a much lower cost, allowing for a
much greater utilization. Further, this small UAS will pose no threat to the public given its small size
and lack of combustible fuel when compared to larger manned aircraft.

Example Study Region

The following aerial images display a prospective study region on the Connecticut-Rhode Island
border. Sandy Point is a 1.25 mile long variable sand bar at the mouth of the Pawcatuck River. The
images are depicted temporally showing the change in the sandbar over the course of 22 years.
While it's obvious the bar is shifting the exact cause for the dramatic changes is more difficult to
determine; floods, hurricanes, or Nor'easters could be responsible but without more frequent
imaging the amount of shift due to a single event is difficult to determine.

The variations visible in the sand bar, especially along the western edge are easily apparent as the
images progress. Due to the separation in time it is difficult to attribute the movement to any
specific event. Utilizing UAS photography more detailed and frequent images could delineate what
events are causing the movement.
April 1991
April 2003
August 2006
July 2008
April 2013
