July 17, 2015

                                                           Exemption No.12065
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­1335

Mr. Joshua M. Lambeth
Birds Eye Productions, LLC
1838 East Ellis Street
Phoenix, AZ 85042

Dear Mr. Lambeth:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated April 24, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of Birds Eye Productions, LLC (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption.
The petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct aerial
videography and cinematography, augment real estate listings videos, and search and rescue
missions.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UASs proposed by the petitioner are the Syndrones X8 and Ritewing Fixed Wing.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
                                                                                                                 2

consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

· They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

· The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

· A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Birds Eye Productions, LLC is granted an exemption
from 14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a),
91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a)
and (b), to the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data
collection. This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                             3

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Birds Eye Productions, LLC is hereafter referred to as
the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the Syndrones X8 and
    Ritewing Fixed Wing when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload.
    Proposed operations of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to
    amend this exemption.

2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
    not permitted.

3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
    exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
    compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
    airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
    aircraft manufacturer.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
    electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
    must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
    required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
                                                                                                            4

    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.
                                                                                                            5

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.
                                                                                                            6

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

    The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
    nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
    reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
    contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.
                                                                                                                 7

 If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
 television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                    8

This exemption terminates on July 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.
Sincerely,
/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
Joshua M Lambeth (Birds Eye Productions, LLC), Phoenix AZ - Section 333 Exemption
Petition
April 24th, 2015
U. S. Department of Transportation Docket Management System
1200 New Jersey Ave,
SE Washington, DC 20590

Re: Exemption Request Section 333 of the FAA Reform Act of the Federal Aviation Regulations from 14 C.F.R.

45.23(b); 14 C.F.R. Part 21; 14 C.F.R. 61.113(a)&(b); 91.7(a); 91.9(b) (2); 91.103(b); 91.109; 119.121; 91.151(a);
91.203(a)&(b); 91.405(a); 91.407(a) (1); 91.409(a) (2); 91.417(a)&(b)

Dear Sir or Madam, I, Joshua M Lambeth (Birds Eye Productions, LLC), am writing pursuant
to the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 and the procedures contained within 14
C.F.R. 11, to request that I, Joshua M Lambeth (Birds Eye Productions, LLC), an owner and
operator of small unmanned aircraft, be exempted from the Federal Aviation Regulations
("FARs") listed below so that I, Joshua M Lambeth (Birds Eye Productions, LLC), may operate
my small ultra lightweight unmanned aircraft system ("UAS") in commercially regulated
airspace by the Federal Aviation Administration ("FAA").
As described herein I, Joshua M Lambeth (Birds Eye Productions, LLC), have experience in
flying hobby helicopters and planes for recreational purposes for the past nine (9) years. I
have flown small and large remote control (RC) gas and electric aircraft models for those nine
(9) years without incident and pledge my continued commitment to safety on all future flights.
Following exemption and approval by the FAA, I, Joshua M Lambeth (Birds Eye Productions,
LLC), will primarily use my professionally built octo-copter1 and fixed wing2 UAS equipped with
cameras for the following applications: aerial videography/cinematography to safely enhance
films and commercials; augmentation of real estate listing videos; and the creation of visual
and topography layout videos for Search and Rescue (SAR) missions for state and local
agency's, education, agricultural inspections and building and construction zone inspections.

1 Appendix A ­ SynDrones x8 Operators Manual 2 Appendix B ­ Ritewing Fixed Wing Operator Manual

1
Joshua M Lambeth (Birds Eye Productions, LLC), Phoenix AZ - Section 333 Exemption
Petition
My, Joshua M Lambeth (Birds Eye Productions, LLC)'s, exemption request would permit the
operation of ultra lightweight, unmanned (i.e. piloted by remote control) UAS's for the
development of community and government use videos, permissible within property
boundaries for individual homeowners and within in tightly controlled, limited airspaces
predetermined in areas away from the general public, airports, heliports and vehicular traffic.
Currently, similar lightweight, remote controlled UAS's are legally operated by unmonitored
amateur hobbyists with no safety plan or controls in place to prevent catastrophe. With that in
mind, I, Joshua M Lambeth (Birds Eye Productions, LLC), have personally installed safety
protocols/controls/flight manual3 to avoid and prevent public hazard, as well as any
catastrophic manned aircraft hazard. Furthermore, it is my intent to assist future FAA safety
protocols and regulations exclusive to lightweight UAS's for specific video and photography
usage by sharing information with the FAA as I, Joshua M Lambeth (Birds Eye Productions,
LLC), record flight data and other pertinent information gained through permitted flight
operations.
In addition, granting my, Joshua M Lambeth (Birds Eye Productions, LLC)'s, exemption
request will comply with the Secretary of Transportation's (FAA Administrator's) instructions to
not only integrate UAS's into the national airspace system, but to "...establish requirements for
the safe operation of such aircraft systems [UAS's] in the national airspace system" under
Section 333(c) of the Reform Act specific to the use of UAS's for real estate/Realtor purposes,
educational videos, Search and Rescue, land/trusts inspections, agricultural field monitoring,
film/video productions, and structure inspections, to aid state and local agency's. Further I,
Joshua M Lambeth (Birds Eye Productions, LLC), will conduct my operations in compliance
with the protocols described herein or as otherwise established by the FAA.
For the reasons stated below, I, Joshua M Lambeth (Birds Eye Productions, LLC), respectfully
request the grant of an exemption allowing me to operate ultra lightweight, remote controlled
UAS's to aid academic community awareness, to benefit/stimulate attraction to the metro
Phoenix area and to enhance personal and public video feeds. A grant that will ultimately
allow UAS's to play a more positive role in our local community by increasing employment
opportunities, heightening security measures and decreasing government expenditures by
reducing the need for heavier manned aircraft, containing costly, combustible fuel- a potential
public hazard in and of itself.

3 Appendix C - Personal Protocols/Controls/Flight Manual

2
Joshua M Lambeth (Birds Eye Productions, LLC), Phoenix AZ - Section 333 Exemption
Petition

    I. Contact Information:
         Joshua M Lambeth
         Birds Eye Productions, LLC
         Phoenix, AZ 85042
         Phone: 480-489-0998
         Email: josh@birdsiproductions.com

    II. The Specific Sections of Title 14 of the Code of Federal Regulations From Which
         Joshua M Lambeth (Birds Eye Productions, LLC) Requests Exemption are:
         14 CFR 21; 14 C.F.R. 45.23(b);
         14 CFR 61.113 (a) & (b);
         14 C.F.R. 91, et seq.;
         14 CFR 407 (a) (1);
         14 CFR 409 (a) (2); and,
         14 CFR 417 (a) & (b).

    III. The Extent of relief Joshua M Lambeth (Birds Eye Productions, LLC) Seeks and the
         Reason He Seeks Such Relief:
         I, Joshua M Lambeth (Birds Eye Productions, LLC), submit this application in
         accordance with the Reform Act, 112 P.L. 95 §§ 331-334, seeking relief from any
         currently applicable FARs operating to prevent me, Joshua M Lambeth (Birds Eye
         Productions, LLC), contemplated commercial cinematic, academic and other flight
         operations within the national airspace system. The Reform Act in Section 332
         provides for such integration of civil unmanned aircraft systems into our national
         airspace system as it is in the public's interest to do so. My, Joshua M Lambeth (Birds
         Eye Productions, LLC)'s, ultra lightweight UAS meets the definition of "small
         unmanned aircraft" as defined in Section 331 and therefore the integration of my ultra
         light weight UAS is expressly contemplated by the Reform Act. I would like to operate
         my ultra lightweight UAS prior to the time period by which the Reform Act requires the
         FAA to promulgate rules governing such craft. Thereby, providing direct experience and
         valuable information for formal regulation that can be administered uniformly to all
         related UAS aerial video and photography. The Reform Act guides the Secretary in
         determining the types of UAS's that may operate safely in our national airspace
         system. Considerations include: The weight, size, speed and overall capabilities of the
         UAS's; Whether the UAS will be operated near airports or heavily populated areas;
         and, Whether the UAS will be operated by line of sight. 112 P.L. 95 § 333 (a).

3
Joshua M Lambeth (Birds Eye Productions, LLC), Phoenix AZ - Section 333 Exemption
Petition

Each of these items reflect in favor of an exemption for me, Joshua M Lambeth (Birds Eye
Productions, LLC). My UAS's utilize eight (8) or less rotating propellers for balance, control
and stability. My UAS's are equipped with the following via video and data telemetry

        1)Altimeter
        2) Attitude indicator
        3) Ground Speed indicator
        4) Magnetic compass
        5) Heading indicator
        6) Vertical speed indicator
        7) Course deviation indicator
        8) Radio magnetic indicator
        9) GPS location
        10) Fuel consumption and Fuel Left with approximate time.
        11) Loiter and circle mode.
        12) Auto safety or RTL ( Return To Launch)
        13) Auto landing technology.

Each UAS weighing less than fourty (40) pounds (far below the maximum 55 pound limit);
Including camera(s) with or without gimbal (a camera stabilizer). I, Joshua M Lambeth (Birds
Eye Productions, LLC), considers safety as foremost with each flight. My small unmanned
aircraft is designed to hover in place, circle in a specific place or loiter( figure 8 flight) via GPS
and can be operated in winds up to 30.4 knots (35mph) wind. For safety, stability and fear of
financial loss I will not fly in winds exceeding 21.7 knots (25 mph). Built in safety systems
include a GPS mode that allows my UAS to hover/circle in place or land when radio controls
are released.

With six (6) modes to choose from, I will fly with the modes safest to complete the videos for
aerial videography/photography and have the ability to choose the safest, most reliable and
stable mode to prevent accident and hazard. When pilot communication from the radio
control4 is lost, UAS is designed slowly descend to point of takeoff and or to land at point of
launch after ascending to a pre-set altitude to ensure the UAS will clear any obstacles that
may be between the takeoff point and the current position of the UAS. This failsafe altitude
will not be set more than 200ft and is determined before each flight.

With an onboard flight controller ­ Mikrokopter 2.5 (Octocopter) and Pixhawk (Ritewing Fixed
Wing)5, it has the capabilities of geofencing which will prevent the craft from exceeding a set
altitude or distance. No matter what causes the craft to breach those boundaries - the craft is
forced back within the boundary limits via the on board controller and will take over the craft to
keep it within those set boundary lines and allow the pilot to regain control once the craft is
within those boundaries.

        I, Joshua M Lambeth (Birds Eye Productions, LLC), will not operate my UAS near
airports, hospitals nor police heliports, and do not operate near areas where general public is
within fifty to one hundred (50-100) yards depending on location, conditions and weather. I am
constantly on alert for any manned aircraft (police/medical helicopters, etc.) and prepared to
land/abort immediately to the nearest and safest ground point should a manned aircraft
approach my location or I suspect manned aircraft may

4 Appendix D ­ Radio Control Manual 5 Appendix E - Computerized Control Boards

4
Joshua M Lambeth (Birds Eye Productions, LLC), Tucson AZ - Section 333 Exemption
Petition
approach near my location. My UAS's are capable of vertical and horizontal operations, and is flown
only within my line of sight, as the remote control pilot. My UAS's are also flown with a second
operator who aids in watching for any obstacles, including manned aircraft, within the flight zone of the
UAS. Utilizing battery power rather than combustible fuels, flights generally last between three (3) to
fifteen (15) minutes, with an altitude under one hundred fifty (150) feet. Six (6 )Smart Mode includes
safe circle for operation, position hold, self-leveling, altitude command, GPS, return home feature, and
safety control to return home or land in the event of communication interruption between RC
transmitter and UAS.

         I, Joshua M Lambeth (Birds Eye Productions, LLC), utilize a fresh fully charged battery with
each flight as a safety precaution; full flight time limit for each battery is eight (8) to thirty (30) minutes
as tested. I do not operate my UAS at or below manufacture recommend minimum charge levels for
operation; preferring to remain well within a safe operating range to insure adequate communication
between radio control and UAS to eliminate potential for crash, loss of control or hazard. Reserve
batteries are at hand with each exercise to insure replacement for sufficient safe level of operation. I
do not believe in taking risk that may cause a crash, that could create hazard to the
public/property/manned aircraft, and have no desire to lose an investment. I have clocked numerous
practice flights in remote areas as a hobbyist simulating flights for future commercial use to gain
familiarization with the characteristics of this specific UAS's performance under different temperature
and weather conditions. I also practice computerized simulated flights to maintain adequate skills and
response reflex time. All for the sake of safety.

         I, Joshua M Lambeth (Birds Eye Productions, LLC), am extremely cautious when operating of
my UAS/ultra light weight unmanned aircraft and will not "create a hazard to users of the national
airspace system or the public." 112 P.L. 95 § 333 (b). Given the small size and weight of my UAS it
falls well within Congress's contemplated safety zone when it promulgated the Reform Act and the
corresponding directive to integrate UAS's into the national airspace system. Joshua M Lambeth
(Birds Eye Productions, LLC)'s UAS, used in hobby flight, has a demonstrable safety record and does
not pose any threat to the general public or national security.

                   IV. How Joshua M Lambeth (Birds Eye Productions, LLC)'s Request Will Benefit the
Public As A Whole: Aerial videography for geographical awareness, education, search and rescue,
land management, structure inspections and for real estate marketing has been around for a long time
through manned fixed wing aircraft and helicopters. For small budget companies, average
homeowners and property owners the expense of such aerial videography is cost prohibitive. Only
large companies and high end Realtors or luxury homeowners can afford to absorb such expense;
depriving non-luxury owners and lower budget companies from a valuable marketing tool. Manned
aircraft pose a threat to the public through potential catastrophic crash that the Phoenix community
has experienced in the past with military aircraft, medical helicopters, and news helicopters crashes
within the city of Phoenix. Each resulting in loss of life.

5
Joshua M Lambeth (Birds Eye Productions, LLC), Tucson AZ - Section 333 Exemption
Petition

Each with combustible fuel that exploded and burned on impact. Police helicopters have
made emergency hard landings within city limits. My, Joshua M Lambeth (Birds Eye
Productions, LLC)'s, UAS poses no such threat since size and lack of combustible fuel
alleviates any potential threat to the public. Congress has already proclaimed that it is in the
public's interest to integrate commercially flown UAS's into the national airspace system,
hence the passing of the Reform Act. Granting my, Joshua M Lambeth (Birds Eye
Productions, LLC)'s, exemption request furthers the public interest through academic/visual
awareness of the geographical benefits in and around the metro Phoenix area. My ultra light
weight UAS is battery powered and creates no emissions that can harm the environment. The
consequence of my ultra light weight UAS crashing is far less than a full size helicopter or
fixed wing aircraft; which are heavy, contain combustible fuel and can cause catastrophic
devastation to the public. The public's interest is furthered by minimizing ecological and crash
threat by permitting aerial video/photo capture through my battery operated ultra lightweight
UAS's.

Permitting me, Joshua M Lambeth (Birds Eye Productions, LLC), to immediately fly within
national air space furthers economic growth. Granting my exemption request substantially
furthers the economic impact for the metro Phoenix and surrounding community for
companies looking to relocate or build around the Phoenix metro area as well as individuals
looking to relocate for career advancement through academic and geographical awareness.
Both of which serve as a stimulus to the community.

        V. Reasons Why Joshua M Lambeth (Birds Eye Productions, LLC)'s Exemption
Will Not Adversely Affect Safety Or How The Exemption Will Provide a Level of Safety At
Least Equal To Existing Rule:
My, Joshua M Lambeth (Birds Eye Productions, LLC)'s, exemption will not adversely affect
safety. Quite the contrary, for the reasons stated permitting me, Joshua M Lambeth (Birds Eye
Productions, LLC), to log more flight time in FAA controlled airspace, with communication with
the FAA, will allow me to contribute to the innovation and implementation of new and novel,
as of yet undiscovered safety protocols for Realtors, land and structured owners. For
development in cooperation with the FAA. In addition I, Joshua M Lambeth (Birds Eye
Productions, LLC), submit the following representations of enhancements to current aerial
videography and photography: My UAS's weigh less than forty (40) pounds complete with a
small ultra-light weight high quality Canon DSLR, Point and Shoot, and RED Epic camera or
similar; I only operate my UAS below 200 feet (well within the 400 foot permissible ceiling set
by the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012); My UAS only operate for 3-30 minutes
per flight; I land my UAS prior to manufacturer recommended minimum level of battery power;
I pilot my UAS through remote control only by line of sight; and have live video feed for a
secondary pilot to monitor video recording; I receive a live telemetry feed from my UAS during
all flights which include remaining battery voltage, distance, altitude, and any anomalies that
may occur during flight;

6
Joshua M Lambeth (Birds Eye Productions, LLC), Tucson AZ - Section 333 Exemption
Petition

My UAS's have a GPS controlled flight controller- a flight safety feature whereby it hovers or
circles and then lands at the GPS takeoff point if communication with the remote control pilot
is lost; I actively record and analyze flight data through the Mikrokopter and Pixhawk flight
controller and other sources of information to constantly update and enhance safety
protocols; I only operate in reasonably safe environment that are strictly controlled, are away
from power lines, elevated lights, airports and actively populated areas; I conduct extensive
preflight inspections and protocol, during which safety carries primary importance; I always
obtain all necessary permissions prior to operation; and, I have procedures in place to abort
flights in the event of safety breaches or potential danger. My, Joshua M Lambeth (Birds Eye
Productions, LLC)'s, safety protocols provide a level of safety equal to or exceeding existing
rules. It is important to note that absent the integration of commercial UAS into our national
airspace system, helicopters are the primary means of aerial video and photography for
community awareness real estate, structured inspections, land management and search and
rescue. While the safety record of such helicopters is remarkably astounding, there has been
local incident involving loss of life as well as extensive property damage; it is far safer to
operate a battery powered ultra lightweight UAS. First, the potential loss of life is diminished
because UAS's carry no people on board and I only operates my UAS in specific areas away
from mass populations. Second, there is no fuel on board a UAS and thus the potential for fire
or explosions is greatly diminished. Third, the small size and extreme maneuverability of my
UAS allow me to remotely pilot away from and avoid hazards quickly and safely. Lastly, given
its small size and weight, even when close enough to capture amazing images, my UAS need
not be so close to the objects they are focused on through the technology and use of post
editing software allowing pan and zoom. Accordingly, my UAS has been experimentally
operated for familiarization/competency and will continue to operate at and above current
safety levels.

        VI. A Summary The FAA May Publish in the Federal Register:
14 C.F.R. 21 and 14 C.F.R. 91: Airworthiness Certificates, Manuals and The Like.
14 C.F.R. 21, Subpart H, entitled Airworthiness Certificates, sets forth requirements for
procurement of necessary airworthiness certificates in relation to FAR §91.203(a)(1). The
size, weight and enclosed operational area of my, Joshua M Lambeth (Birds Eye Productions,
LLC)'s, UAS permits exemption from Part 21 because my UAS meets (and exceeds) an
equivalent level of safety pursuant to Section 333 of the Reform Act. The FAA is authorized to
exempt aircraft from the airworthiness certificate requirement under both the Act (49 U.S.C. §
44701 (f)) and Section 333 of the Reform Act. Both pieces of legislation permit the FAA to
exempt UAS's from the airworthiness certificate requirement in consideration of the weight,
size, speed, maneuverability and proximity to areas such as airports and dense populations.
My, Joshua M Lambeth (Birds Eye Productions, LLC)'s, current and projected UAS's meet or
exceed each of the elements.

7
Joshua M Lambeth (Birds Eye Productions, LLC), Tucson AZ - Section 333 Exemption
Petition
14 C.F.R. 91.7(a) prohibits the operation of an aircraft without an airworthiness certificate. As no such
certificate will be applicable in the form contemplated by the FARs, this Regulation is inapplicable.
14 C.F.R. § 91.9 (b) (2) requires an aircraft flight manual in the aircraft. As there are no on board pilots
or passengers, and given the size of the UAS's, this Regulation is inapplicable. An equivalent level of
safety will be achieved by maintaining a safety/flight manual delineating areas of where safety can be
defined.
The FAA has previously issued exemptions to this regulation in Exemption Nos. 8607, 8737, 8738,
9299, 9299A, 9565, 9565B, 10167, 10167A, 10602, 10700 and 32827.
14 C.F.R. § 91.121 regarding altimeter settings is inapplicable insofar as my UAS utilizes electronic
global positioning systems with a barometric sensor or controlled GPS "geofencing"
14 C.F.R. § 91.203 (a) and (b) provides for the carrying of civil aircraft certifications and registrations.
They are inapplicable for the same reasons described above. The equivalent level of safety will be
achieved by maintaining any such required certifications and registrations by me, Joshua M Lambeth
(Birds Eye Productions, LLC).
B. 14 C.F.R. § 45.23: Marking of The Aircraft. Applicable Codes of Federal Regulation require aircraft
to be marked according to certain specifications. My UAS can be marked with the appropriate "N"
number once this "N" number has been given.
C. 14 C.F.R. § 61.113: Private Pilot Privileges and Limitations: PIC. Pursuant to 14 C.F.R. §§ 61.113
(a) & (b), private pilots are limited to non-commercial operations. I, Joshua M Lambeth (Birds Eye
Productions, LLC), can achieve an equivalent level of safety as achieved by current Regulations
because my UAS does not carry any pilots or passengers. Further, while helpful, a pilot license will not
ensure remote control piloting skills. The risks attended to the operation of my UAS is far less than the
risk levels inherent in the commercial activities outlined in 14 C.F.R. § 61, et seq. Thus, allowing me,
Joshua M Lambeth (Birds Eye Productions, LLC), to operate my UAS meet and exceed current safety
levels in relation to 14 C.F.R. §61.113 (a) & (b).
D. 14 C.F.R. 91.119: Minimum Safe Altitudes. 14 C.F.R. § 91.119 prescribes safe altitudes for the
operation of civil aircraft. It allows helicopters to be operated at lower altitudes in certain conditions.
My UAS will never operate at an altitude greater than 200 AGL; safely below the standard of 400 AGL.
I, Joshua M Lambeth (Birds Eye Productions, LLC), will however operate my UAS in safe areas away
from public and traffic, providing a level of safety at least equivalent to or below those in relation to
minimum safe altitudes. Given the size, weight, maneuverability and speed of my UAS, an equivalent
or higher level of safety will be achieved.
E. 14 C.F.R. 91.405 (a); 407 (a) (1); 409 (a) (2); 417(a) & (b): Maintenance Inspections.1,2,

 1 Appendix A ­ SynDrones x8 Operators Manual 2 Appendix B ­ Ritewing Fixed Wing Operator Manual

8
Joshua M Lambeth (Birds Eye Productions, LLC), Phoenix AZ - Section 333 Exemption
Petition

The above-cited Regulations require, amongst other things, aircraft owners and operators to
"have [the] aircraft inspected as prescribed in subpart E of this part and shall between
required inspections, except as provided in paragraph (c) of this section, have discrepancies
repaired as prescribed in part 43 of this chapter. . . ."These Regulations only apply to aircraft
with an airworthiness certificate. They will not, therefore, apply to my, Joshua M Lambeth
(Birds Eye Productions, LLC)'s, UAS. However, as a safety precaution I inspect my UAS
before and after each flight.

A Summary The FAA May Publish in the Federal Register: A. 14 C.F.R. 21 and 14 C.F.R. 91:
Airworthiness Certificates, Manuals and The Like. 14 C.F.R. 21, Subpart H, entitled
Airworthiness Certificates, sets forth requirements for procurement of necessary airworthiness
certificates in relation to FAR § 91.203(a)(1). The size, weight and enclosed operational area
of my UAS permits exemption from Part 21 because my, Joshua M Lambeth (Birds Eye
Productions, LLC)'s, UAS meets an equivalent level of safety pursuant to Section 333 of the
Reform Act. The FAA is authorized to exempt aircraft from the airworthiness certificate
requirement under both the Act (49 U.S.C. § 44701 (f)) and Section 333 of the Reform Act.
Both pieces of legislation permit the FAA to exempt UAS's from the airworthiness certificate
requirement in consideration of the weight, size, speed, maneuverability and proximity to
areas such as airports and dense populations. My UAS meets or exceeds each of the
elements. 14 C.F.R. 91.7(a) prohibits the operation of an aircraft without an airworthiness
certificate. As no such certificate will be applicable in the form contemplated by the FARs, this
Regulation is inapplicable. 14 C.F.R. § 91.9 (b) (2) requires an aircraft flight manual in the
aircraft. As there are no pilots or passengers, and given the size of the UAS's, this Regulation
is inapplicable. An equivalent level of safety will be achieved by maintaining a manual. The
FAA has previously issued exemptions to this regulation in Exemption Nos. 8607, 8737, 8738,
9299, 9299A, 9565, 9565B, 10167, maintenance program that involves regular software
updates and curative measures for any damaged hardware. Therefore, an equivalent level of
safety will be achieved. In summary, Joshua M Lambeth (Birds Eye Productions, LLC) seeks
an exemption from the following Regulations:14 C.F.R. 21, subpart H; 14 C.F.R. 45.23(b); 14
C.F.R. §§ 61.113 (a) & (b); 14 C.F.R. §91.7 (a); 14 C.F.R. § 91.9 (b)(2); 14 C.F.R. § 91.103(b);
14 C.F.R. § 91.109; 14 C.F.R. §91.119; 14 C.F.R. § 91.121; 14 C.F.R. § 91.151(a); 14 C.F.R.
§§ 91.203(a) and (b); 14 C.F.R. § 91.405 (a); 14 C.F.R. § 91.407 (a)(1); 14 C.F.R. § 91.409 (a)
(2); 14 C.F.R. § 91.409 (a ) (2); and, 14 C.F.R. §§ 91.417 (a) & (b) to commercially operate
my, Joshua M Lambeth (Birds Eye Productions, LLC)'s, small unmanned vehicle/lightweight
unmanned aircraft vehicle in community awareness, education, structural inspection land
management, search and rescue and real estate operations, and to develop economic
platforms for the aforementioned to enhance the experience of those seeking to relocate,
rebuild, reevaluate and to find in the metro Phoenix area.

9
Joshua M Lambeth (Birds Eye Productions, LLC), Tucson AZ - Section 333 Exemption
Petition
Currently, the aforementioned aerial videography/photography relies primarily on the use of
larger aircraft running on combustible fuel. Posing potential risk to the public. Granting my,
Joshua M Lambeth (Birds Eye Productions, LLC)'s, request for exemption will reduce current
risk levels and thereby enhance safety. My UAS craft do not contain potentially explosive fuel,
is smaller, lighter and more maneuverable than conventional video and photographic aircraft
with much less flight time.
Further, I operate at lower altitudes and in controlled airspace eliminating potential public risk
flying to and from established airfields. I, Joshua M Lambeth (Birds Eye Productions, LLC),
have been informally analyzing and recording flight information and will compile safety
protocols and the implementation of a flight operations manual for usage that exceeds
currently accepted means and methods for safe flight. Formal collection of information shared
with the FAA will enhance the FAA's internal efforts to establish protocols for complying with
the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012. There are no personnel on board my, Joshua
M Lambeth (Birds Eye Productions, LLC)'s, UAS and therefore the likelihood of death or
serious bodily injury is significantly diminished. My, Joshua M Lambeth (Birds Eye
Productions, LLC)'s, operation of my UAS, weighing less than forty (40) pounds and traveling
at lower speeds within limited areas will provide an equivalent level of safety as that achieved
under current FARs. Accordingly I, Joshua M Lambeth (Birds Eye Productions, LLC),
respectfully request that the FAA grant my exemption request and am willing to cooperate in
sharing information to benefit the FAA, safety of manned aircraft, and the general public at
large.
Respectfully submitted,
Joshua M Lambeth (Birds Eye Productions, LLC)
1838 E Ellis St
Phoenix, AZ 85042

10
 Appendix A

Syndrones X8 Multirotor
The operation of the SynDrones X8 multirotor system are as follows (the flight controller operation
        manual is NOT explained in this manual but can be found in Appendix E, Section 1).

   1. Build Materials

        I. Carbon Fiber

        II. G10 Composite

        III. Stainless Steel Hardware

   2. Motor Configuration

        I. X8 configuration utilizing 8 motors (KDEDirect 5215-435KV) which is powered by the
            Herkules III motor controller. The motors are configured with 2 motors per arm, one top and
            one bottom spinning in a counter-rotating direction.

        II. In this configuration the SynDrones x8 can handle up to four (4) motors failing and still be
            able to fly. We have tested this situation and can confirm it works as described.

   3. Payload

        I. The Syndrones x8 will carry the Freefly Systems MoVI M5, M10, or M15 camera gimbal.

        II. The cameras that will be flown on the Syndrones x8 include, but are not limited to, Canon
            5DMKIII, Canon 1D-C, RED Epic, RED Dragon, and Sony FS700.

   4. Maintaining the SynDrones x8

        I. Before each flight:

            1. Check all hardware to ensure it is securely tightened.

            2. Check that all motors are level and locked in place.

            3. Check all propellers to ensure they are tight and there are no visible signs of cracks,
                 stress, and/or chips. Replace if any propeller is questionable.

            4. Check all wiring to motors, motor controllers, batteries, and flight controller for signs of
                 cuts, fraying, cracks, and/or loose/cold solder connections. Fix before flying.

            5. Check all navigational lighting to ensure it is properly working.

        II. After 45 hours of flight

            1. Remove and check all motors and motor mounts for signs of wear and tear. Replace as
                 necessary.

            2. Remove motor controllers and visually inspect and check for damage. Replace as
                 necessary.

            3. Remove flight controllers and visually inspect and check for damage. Replace as
                 necessary. Check for updates to flight controller firmware. If available, install and
                 perform a minimum of 15 test flights before conducting commercial work.
Appendix B

Ritewing Fixed Wing
The operation of the Ritewing Fixed Wing system are as follows (the flight controller operation
     manual is NOT explained in this manual but can be found in Appendix E, Section 2).

1. Build Materials

     I. EPP Foam

     II. Fiberglass

     III. Carbon Fiber

     IV. Balsa Wood

2. Motor Configuration

     I. The Ritewing Fixed Wing flies on a single (1) motor, pusher, configuration.

     II. The required motor varies in size depending on the payload (see Section 3).

3. Payload

     I. The Ritewing Fixed Wing is capable of carrying the following cameras, including but not
          limited to, Canon S100, S110, Sony NEX-5T, and FLIR A35; which can be used for NDVI
          (Normalized Difference Vegetation Index), IR (Infrared), Full Spectrum, and FLIR
          (Thermal Imaging)

4. Maintaining the Ritewing Fixed Wing

     I. Before each flight:

          1. Check all hardware to ensure it is securely tightened.

          2. Check that the motor is level and locked in place.

          3. Check the propeller to ensure it is tight and there are no visible signs of cracks, stress,
              and/or chips. Replace if propeller is questionable.

          4. Check all wiring to motors, motor controllers, batteries, and flight controller for signs of
              cuts, fraying, cracks, and/or loose/cold solder connections. Fix before flying.

          5. Check all navigational lighting to ensure it is properly working.

     II. After 45 hours of flight

          1. Remove and check all motors and motor mounts for signs of wear and tear. Replace as
              necessary.

          2. Remove motor controllers and visually inspect and check for damage. Replace as
              necessary.

          3. Remove flight controllers and visually inspect and check for damage. Replace as
              necessary. Check for updates to flight controller firmware. If available, install and
              perform a minimum of 15 test flights before conducting commercial work.
       Appendix C

Personal Protocols/Controls/Flight Manual
Protocols and Controls
Joshua M Lambeth , Birds Eye Productions, LLC, Phoenix Arizona
Safety for public on the ground as well as manned aircraft above is an essential and utmost consideration for
aerial videos and photography. As such, safety protocols and controls must be implemented through preflight
preparation and during flight. PreFlight Protocol:
Check batteries with voltage meter to insure fully charged and ready for use.
Inspect batteries for damage or leakage that may affect proper operation.
Inspect propellers for cracks, chips or damage that may cause sudden loss of propulsion or
unmanageable/uncontrolled flight.
Check all GPS and Telemetry connections prior to flight
Check weather forecasts for wind advisory or other conditions that my impact flight.
Consult Sky Vector aeronautical Charts (Skyvector.com)for airport vicinity and flight paths of possible air traffic.
Contact respective airport to advise of estimated flight time, estimated flight duration, estimated elevation of
flight, and any other pertinent information.
Inspect flight area for

         vicinity of public safety helipads/heliports
         vicinity of medical helipads/heliports
         vicinity of light poles
         vicinity or utility wires
         vicinity of trees
         flocks of birds that may cause interference and potential flight impact
         vicinity of any elevated obstructions that may pose potential flight hazard
         vicinity of roadways with moderate to heavy traffic that can be distracted
         public gatherings that may attract viewers
         optional point of control for best visual site of UAS while in flight
         Emergency landing areas
Takeoff and landing
         inspect area for best and safest point of takeoff and landing
         if in a subdivision or area that is within 150 feet of a residential street, post warning
        sign(s)/stand(s) "Attention Aerial Photography In Progress  Remain Back 150 Feet "
Flight Protocol: takeoff and land from same location ( have alternate landing areas in case of emergencies)
remain alert to birds, sound or aircraft, curious public, and approaching vehicles do not allow anyone to engage
in conversation or distract the remote control pilot restrict flight to minimal elevation sufficient to acquire
desired results remained prepared for emergency landing at all times pay attention to flight time ­ warning
meter for low voltage.

Set voltage meter alarm for low voltage and flight timer as a safety alert land UAS and shut down propulsion
immediately following landing ­ priority of disconnecting batteries
Post flight:

     1. a) disconnect battery to prevent accidental activation of propulsion system
     2. b) secure UAS in a safe location
c)
remove all warning signs from public access areas Emergency or Suspected Hazard:
Immediate land UAS at safest and closet ground location in the event

         manned aircraft is heard or seen in vicinity of flight
         there is a public gathering within established safety boundary wanting to observe flight
         pilot is being distracted from focusing on flight and safety
         sudden change in weather (wind bursts)
         sudden increase in vehicular traffic in vicinity of flight
         birds enter into proximity of flight
         any sudden unsafe event that can cause collision, distraction or interruption of control
Safety for public on the ground as well as manned aircraft above is an essential and utmost consideration for
aerial videos and photography.
Maintaining a record of safe flight for FAA request and for determining future UAS safety protocols is
imperative.

Date:____________________ Location: ___________________________________________________
preflight Inspection:

o Yes o No
Comment: _________________________________________________
Elements
Proximity to airport: _________________ (see attached map pinpointing approximate location of flight)

Airport notified o Yes

o No Date:_______________ Time: ______________

Phone Number: _______________________ Contact Name: ___________________________________
Nearest major intersection: ______________________________________________________________
Proximity to medium traffic road: _________________________________________________________
Proximity to heavily traveled roadway road: _________________________________________________
Proximity to congested population: ________________________________________________________
Approx. Takeoff Time : GMT:

Weather Good Fair      Poor Comment :

Visibility Good Fair   Poor Comment :

Wind Speed ___mph ___Gusts/MPH ___avg/MPH Comment :

Approx. Landing Time: GMT: Estimated Elevation Ground level: Safety Concerns: Additional Comments:
sea level:
Appendix D

Radio Control Manual
                                                                                                                           No. S1006

OPERATING INSTRUCTION

Prior to use, please read this manual thoroughly.
Keep this manual in a convenient place for quick and easy reference.
    Contents                                        3P  8. S.Limit                                          42P
· Before Use                                        3P  9. S.MIX                                       42~44P
· Introduction                                      3P  10. THR.MIX                                    44~45P
· Support and Service                               3P  11. PRO.MIX                                    45~50P
· Openhobby A/S Center                              3P  12. Trainer                                    50~51P
1. Box Contents                                     3P  13. PIT >> RUDD                                51~52P
2. Flying Safety                                    3P  14. Telemetry
3. Features                                         4P                                                      52P
4. Specification                                    4P    14-1. RX SELECT                              52~53P
                                                    4P    14-2. SETTING & DATA VIWE                    53~65P
5. Stick tension adjustment                         5P    14-3. SENSOR SELECT                          65~66P
6.Transmitter Control Identification                5P    14-4. RF STATUS VIEW
7. Binding                                                14-5. VOICE TRIGGER                               66P
8. Transmitter Programming Setup                    6P    14-6. DISPLAY SETUP FOR TELEMETRY SENSOR     66~72P
                                                    6P                                                 72~74P
   BASE MENU (Helicopter, Airplane, Gilder)   6~10P        FUNCTION MENU (Airplane, Gilder)
1. Model Select                                   10P                                                       74P
                                                  11P   1. Q.Link(Quick Link)                          74~75P
   1-1. SEL(Select model)                    11~12P       1-1. NEW
   1-2. NEW(New Model)                            12P     1-2. NAM                                          75P
   1-3. Int.M(INT. Model)                    12~13P       1-3. CPY                                          76P
   1-4. EXT.M(EXT.Model)                     13~14P       1-4. DEL                                          76P
   1-5. RES(Model Reset)                          14P     1-5 NEXT                                          76P
   1-6. CPY(Model Copy)                           15P                                                  76~79P
2. Model Type                                15~16P     2. D/R, EXP                                    79~80P
3. E.P.A                                     16~19P     3. Wing MIX                                    80~82P
4. Reverse                                   19~23P     4. THR.CRV                                     82~83P
5. Sub-Trim                                  23~24P     5. Idel Low                                    83~88P
6. THR.CUT                                   24~25P     6. Prog. MIX                                   88~89P
7. TX ctl                                    25~26P     7. Snap Roll                                   89~90P
8. Timer                                     26~27P     8. Aile Diff                                        90P
9. Fail Safe                                 27~28P     9. Flap MIX                                    90~91P
10. Trim Step                                                                                          91~92P
11. SERVO                                         28P     9-1. Flap                                    93~94P
12. CH Set                                   28~29P       9-2. AILE >> FLAP                            94~95P
13. Out Swap                                              9-3. ELEV >> FLAP                            95~97P
                                                  29P     9-4. FLAP >> ELEV                            97~99P
    FUNCTION MENU (Helicopter)               29~30P     10. Flap Sett (Airplane, Gilder)             99~100P
                                                        11. Airbrake (Airplane)
1. Q.Link(Quick Link)                             30P   12. Butterfly (Gilder)                      100~101P
   1-1 NEW                                   30~32P                                                 101~102P
   1-2 NAM                                   33~36P        SYSTEM(Helicopter, Airplane, Gilder)
   1-3 CPY                                   36~38P                                                        102P
   1-4 DEL                                   38~40P     1. ST mode                                         103P
                                             40~41P     2. Warning                                         104P
2. D/R,EXP                                              3. Etc.set                                         105P
3. PIT.CRV                                        41P   4. Display                                         105P
4. THR.CRV                                              5. Stick Cali                               106~107P
5. Gyr/Gover                                            6. MP3
6. THR.HOLD                                             · FIRMWARE UPDATE
7. SWASH                                                · SAFETY APPROVAL
2
  · BEFORE USE                                                                                         1. BOX CONTENTS

Thank you for purchasing mz-24 HoTT 2.4GHz Radio System. This system is extremely versatile            · mz-24 Transmitter · Transmitter charger  · USB PC interface set · Micro SD Card
and may be used by beginners and pros alike. In order for you to make the best use of your system
and to fly safely, please read this manual carefully. If you have any difficulties while using your    · GR-24 receiver · Warranty Card           · SD Card adapter                · USB adapter wire
system, please consult the manual, our online Frequently Asked Questions (on the web pages
referenced below), your hobby dealer, or the SJ Service Center.                                        · Manual     · 1x 4000mAh LiPo Battery · SD Card case                       · Transmitter strap
Due to unforeseen changes in production procedures, the information contained in this manual is
subject to change without notice.                                                                                                                 · USB Cable                      · USB interface adapter wire

  · INTRODUCTION                                                                                       2. FLYING SAFETY

Graupner/SJ mz-24 HoTT radio system is used to airplane, helicopter and glider and should be           This is a sophisticated hobby product and NOT a toy. It must be operated with caution and common
a perfect choice for anyone who needs a high quality radio. This HoTT radio system gives user          sense and requires some basic mechanical ability. Failure to operate this product in a safe and
real-time information on various useful data such as user model's RPM, voltage, temperature, user      responsible manner could result in injury or damage to the product or other property. This product is
programmable warning, and so on which are directly obtained from telemetric speed controllers          not intended for use by children without direct adult supervision. Do not attempt disassembly, use with
equipped with this HoTT system without having to install separate sensor devices. Of course, all of    incompatible components or augment product in any way without the approval of Graupner/SJ. This
those telemetric data can be also transmitted from separate sensor devices.                            manual contains instructions for safety, operation and maintenance. It is essential to read and follow
                                                                                                       all the instructions and warnings in the manual, prior to assembly, setup or use, in order to operate
   WARNING : Read the ENTIRE instruction manual to become familiar with the features of the            correctly and avoid damage or serious injury.
   product before operating. Failure to operate the product correctly can result in damage to the
   product, personal property and cause serious injury.                                                1. D o not fly your model near spectators, parking areas or any other area that could result in injury to
                                                                                                          people or damage of property.
  · SUPPORT AND SERVICE
                                                                                                       2. The radio system is affected by signal environment and the electronic jamming signals can cause
· Customer support                                                                                        disorientation and loss of control of your aircraft.
Please feel free to ask any question by e-mail or phone. We've been trying to deal with your ques-
tion. We are open from nine to six, Monday to Friday in Korea. We may respond to your question by      3. S ince models are hazardous when operated and maintained incorrectly, install and operate a radio
e-mail as soon as possible when we are close.                                                             control system correctly and always pilot a model so the model is kept under control in all conditions

· Internet sales site                                                                                  4. E nsure that all channels are working in the proper manner.
Please feel free to contact "www.openhobbby.com" to get all information on product features,           5. D o not fly during adverse weather conditions. Poor visibility can cause disorientation and loss of
specifications, running events and the newest product line up..
· A/S regulation                                                                                          control of your aircraft. Strong winds can cause similar problems
Only when the product is faulty after normal operation within the warranty period, we will repair the  6. When working with a model, always power on the transmitter first and power off the transmitter last.
product for free based on our regulations. The repair is paid for by the consumer when the damage      7. After a model is bound to a transmitter and the model is set up in the transmitter, always bind the
is due to use in improper ways or beyond the warranty period..
                                                                                                          model to the transmitter again to establish failsafe settings.
· Warranty regulation                                                                                  8. When working with a model, always power on the transmitter first and power off the transmitter last.
Refer the WARRANTY Card in a Package                                                                   9. Ensure all batteries are full charged before flying.
                                                                                                       10. Only to use the recommended adapter when charging the battery of the transmitter and receiver
  · OPENHOBBY A/S CENTER                                                                               11.The transmitter shouldn't be switched off at any time during flight
                                                                                                       12. Perform a range check of the transmitter and the model before flying the model
8F, 202 Dong, Chunui Techno-Park II, 18, 198 street, Bucheon-ro, Wonmi-Gu, Bucheon-Shi,                13. Make sure all control surfaces correctly respond to transmitter controls before flying.
Gyungki-Do KOREA 420-857                                                                               14. P erform the programming setup of the transmitter after removing a power battery from a model or
Phone: 82-32-623-0706 FAX: 82-32-623-0720
Customer Service E-mail: service@openhobby.com                                                              stopping an engine of a model.
                                                                                                       15. Don't move or touch the transmitter antenna during flight

                                                                                                       3. FEATURES

                                                                                                       1. HoTT (Hopping Telemetry Transmission)

                                                                                                        The use of up to 75 hopping channels provides advanced reliable operation while keeping from

                                                                                                       any external interference.

                                                                                                       2. This HoTT radio system gives user real-time information on various useful data such as user

                                                                                                       model's RPM, voltage, temperature, user programmable warning, and so on.

                                                                                                       3. All telemetry data are directly obtained from telemetric speed controllers equipped with this HoTT

                                                                                                       system without having to install separate sensor devices.

                                                                                                       4. Future-proof update capability using data interface of USB or Data pin.

                                                                                                       5. Advanced HoTT wireless trainer system makes Teacher and Pupil system more enjoyable and

                                                                                                       gives user convenience for the teaching/learning.

                                                                                                       6. Simple, ultra-fast binding of transmitter and receiver.                                       3
4. SPECIFICATION             Transmitter mz-24     Receiver GR-24                                       6. TRANSMITTER CONTROL IDENTIFICATION                      ANTENNA
                                                                                                                                                                           DV3
        Frequency band          2.4~2.4835GHz      2.4~2.4835GHz                                             DV2                                                           DT2
           Modulation                 FHSS               FHSS                                                DT1                                                           DV4
                                     100mW                   -                                               DV1
         Output power                                                                                        S5 SWITCH                                           S3 SWITCH
          Current drain         approx 125mA        approx 70mA                                              S2 SWITCH                                           S4 SWITCH
      Operating voltage              3.4V~6V          3.6V~8.4V                                              S1 SWITCH                                   NECKSTRAP LUG
                                                                                                             POWER SWITCH                                THRO/AILE STICK
5. STICK TENSION ADJUSTMENT                                                                                                                                      THRO TRIM
                                                                                                             ELEV/RUDD STICK
             ST2 tension                             ST3 tension                                             ELEV TRIM                                             AILE TRIM
          adjustment blot                          adjustment blot                                           POWER SWITCH                         DIRECTION BUTTON
  ST1 tension                                                                                                RUDD TRIM
adjustment blot                                                 ST4 tension                                  DIRECTION                                       ENT BUTTON
                                                             adjustment blot                                 BUTTON
                                                                                                             ESC BUTTON                              TX Handel
ST1 tension adjustment    ST1 tension adjustment   ST3 tension adjustment     ST3 tension adjustment
blot for helicopter type   blot for airplane type   blot for airplane type    blot for helicopter type                        USB                              LS
                                                                                                                              SD CARD
                                                  ST1, ST3 tension release blot                                               EARPHONE         Charge Socket
                                                                                                                              TELEMETRY
 You may release the stick tension with ST1 or ST3 tension release bolts. Turn the bolts
 clockwise then the stick tension is released                                                                                       RS

 - Mode 1: ST1 tension release bolt is used                                                                                         DSC
 - Mode 2: ST3 tension release bolt is used

 The other can be adjusted for your purpose
4
  7. BINDING

1. You must bind the receiver to the transmitter before the receiver will operate. Binding
teaches the receiver the specific code of the transmitter so that it will only connect to it's
corresponding transmitter. If you turn on transmitter's power before binding, the warning
message appears on transmitter LCD page, which announce transmitter is not bound. Touch
SET icon on warning pop up to access to Tx ctl (BIND)

                              Touch

2. After accessing to Tx ctl(BIND), Turn on receiver's power and touch Bind button on receiv-
er for over 3 sec to enter binding mode. Touch OFF icon in the cross line of BIND ON/OFF
and RX1 then OFFs in the cross line of BIND ON/OFF and RX1, RF ON/OFF and RX1 are
changed to ONs indicating the system has been connected. If the binding process has failed,
repeat the whole procedure.

                        Touch                                                                       8. TRANSMITTER PROGRAMMING SETUP

    CAUTION                                                                                       BASE MENU
We strongly recommend to unlock the throttle limit function when you control Helicopter.          Turn on transmitter's power and touch B icon on the main page to access to BASE menu.
Throttle limit function restrict the travel amount of throttle with DV1 volume and this function
is set by default.Touch "BASE" icon at the main page to call "BASE" page and touch "CH            Touch
set" icon to call "CH set" setup page. Touch DV1 in channel 12 to call "Select" message
popup and touch CLR in popup then DV1 is switched to NONE. Now, throttle limit function is
unlocked.

                                                                                                                                                                                         5
   BASE MENU (Helicopter, Airplane, Gilder)

1. Model select

It is used to add or select model.
Touch Model Sel icon in base menu to access Model sel menu

Touch                                                                                    1-2. NEW

1-1. SET                                                                                 This function is use to create the new model or exchange the current model to others. There
                                                                                         is 2 methods of Manual setting and Wizard setting. You may program the basic function
Touch the desired MODEL NAME icon then it is activated in blue. Touch SET icon, Pop up   sequentially in Manual setting. Here is the example for airplane
message "Please Wait !!" appears. About 1 sec later, the desired MODEL NAME is selected
and MODEL NAME at top is also changed.                                                   Touch the desired MODEL NAME icon and touch NEW icon on the right then the pop up
                                                                                         message
                                                                     Touch               " Select" appears. Touch MAN to start Manual setting. The first function of Manual setting is
                                                                                         MODEL NAME. Tap model name in blank of New Model Name using keypad on the right.
       Touch                                                                             Touch EN icon on the right bottom and touch MAN icon on the left top then the model is
                                                                                         named and stored and then the next function, model type, is accessed.

                                                                                         · Alphabet keyboard explanation.

                                                                                         - CL(Clear):it is used to erase every letter you typed at a time.
                                                                                         - SP(SPACE):it is used to make a space between words
                                                                                         - DE(DELETE):it is used to erase a letter you typed
                                                                                         - EN(ENTER):it is used to save every letter you typed.
                                                                                         - CAPS:it is used for capital letters or small letters
                                                                                         - NUM:it is used for numbers.
                                                                                         - SPECIAL:it is used for special character.

                                          MODEL              MODEL
                                          CHANGE             CHANGE

                                        YES NO              YES NO

                                       Touch

6
In accordance with model type that you selected, swash type function or wing type function                                                                                      Touch
is accessed. Below picture shows the example for wing type in airplane. Select the desired                                                        Touch
wing type, tail type and power type in turn. If all procedures have been done correctly, all                            Touch
types that you selected appear on the page. Touch ENT icon on the right bottom after check-
ing the selected types, Manual setting is completed and returned to base menu

Touch                                                                                         Touch
                                                                                                          Touch
                                    Touch

Touch                               Touch                                                                        Touch
                             Touch                   Touch

                                                                                              Touch                     Touch

                                                                                                                                            7
Touch  Touch                                                                                      In accordance with model type that you selected, swash type function or wing type func-
                                                                                                  tion is accessed. Below picture shows the example for swash type in helicopter. Select the
                                                                                                  desired swash type, power type and set reverse function, EPA function, D/R EXP function,
                                                                                                  Pit CRV function, Thr.CRV function, GYRO function, Thr.HOLD function, FAILSAFE function
                                                                                                  in turn. When you touch WIZ icon after completing to program each function, the next step
                                                                                                  is accessed in turn. When you touch WIZ after FAILSAFE function is programmed finally,
                                                                                                  "Model type", "Swash type", and "Power type" that you selected appear on the page. Touch
                                                                                                  ENT icon on the right bottom after checking the selected types, Manual setting is completed
                                                                                                  and returned to base menu

                                                           Touch                                  Touch                                                       Touch
                                                                                                               Touch
"Wizard setup" is used to set the basic function of a model and the essential function of flight                                 Touch  Touch
one by one. Please refer                                                                                                                                 Touch
to the example of helicopter type as below.

Touch the icon of desired model you want to program Wizard setup in the model list and
touch "NEW" icon then the "Select" message is popped up. If you touch "WIZ" icon, WIZARD
function is ready to set. The first function of wizard setting is MODEL NAME. Tap model
name in blank of New Model Name using keypad on the right. Touch EN icon on the right
bottom and touch WIZ icon on the left top then the model is named and stored and then the
next function, model type, is accessed.

· Alphabet keyboard explanation.
- CL(Clear):it is used to erase every letter you typed at a time.
- SP(SPACE):it is used to make a space between words
- DE(DELETE):it is used to erase a letter you typed
- EN(ENTER):it is used to save every letter you typed.
- CAPS:it is used for capital letters or small letters
- NUM:it is used for numbers.
- SPECIAL:it is used for special character.

8
                                                                               Touch                Touch
                                                                                                    Touch
                                                                                             Touch  Touch

Touch                                                                                 Touch
            Touch
                                                                 Touch

                                                          Touch                       Touch

                                                   Touch                              Touch         Touch
Touch
                                                                        Touch

                                                                                                           9
Touch

                                                                                                                                            Touch

                                                                                                                                                                 Touch

                                                                                                                                     Touch

                                                                                                                                                                 Touch

                                                                                                                                                          Touch

1-3. INT.M (Internal Model)                                                                                                                        Touch

It is used to copy the model memory in SD Card into the model list of transmitter. To make
use of INT.M function, you need SD Card that has the programmed model file. If you put SD
Card into SD Card slot on the back of transmitter, "SD Card" icon is lighted in the transmit-
ter main page. When the icon is lighted, touch the base setup icon to call the base setup
page. In the page, touch "Model Select" icon to call the "Model Sel" setup page and touch
the copy destination then it is activated in blue. Touch "INT.M" icon then the model list in SD
Card appears and then select the source model to copy. The popup message indicating the
destination and source appears. Touch YES, if they are correct, then "Please wait" message
is displayed and a few seconds later, the model data in SD Card is copied to the model list in
transmitter.

       Check                                                                                                                  Check

                                                                                                                       Touch

10
1-4. EXT.M (External Model)

This function is used to copy the model in transmitter into SD Card. In order to use EXT.M
function, you need to plug SD Card into SD Card slot on the back of transmitter. When it is
plugged into the slot, "SD Card" icon is lightened in the transmitter main page. Touch Base
setup icon to call the base setup page. In the page, touch "Model Select" icon to call the
"Model Select" setup page and touch the source model to copy in transmitter then it is acti-
vated in blue. Touch "EXT.M" icon then the popup message "SD Card EXPORT?" appears.
Touch YES then "Please wait" message is displayed and a few seconds later, the model data
in transmitter is copied to SD Card now

       Check                       Check                                                      1-5. RES(RESET)

                                                                                              It allows you to remove the selected models in model list. Refer to the example of Model 01
                                                                                              as shown below. At first, you need to select the desired model that you want to remove then
                                                                                              the model icon is activated in blue. "Please wait" message is popped up when you touch
                                                                                              "YES" icon. All the data of the corresponding model is removed within a few second.

                            Touch

                     Touch                                                                    Touch

Touch

                                                                                                                   Touch

              Touch                                                                                    INITIALIZE   MODEL
                                                                                                       SURE         CHANGE
                            Touch                                                                                  YES NO
                                                                                                      YES NO
                                                                                                                                      11
                                                                                                     Touch
1-6. CPY(Model Copy)                                                                                                                              2. Model type
The Copy function is used to copy the programmed values of a model into the other model.
Touch the source model to copy, it is activated in blue. Now touch "CPY" icon on the right                                                        It is used to reset the model type. Please note that all the value, excepting for model name,
bottom and touch the copy destination then it is activated in blue as well. The popup                                                             is reset when "Model type" is reset. Touch "Model type" icon on base menu page to call the
message indicating the destination and source appear. Touch YES, if they are correct, then                                                        model type setup page, the preset "model type", "swash type" and "power type" is displayed.
"Please wait" message is displayed and a few seconds later, the source data is copied to the                                                      The below example tells you how to change from the heli type to air type. If you touch M/
copy destination.                                                                                                                                 TYPE icon, you may select airplane form preset Helicopter at M/TYPE page again. In
transmitter.                                                                                                                                      accordance with the selected model type, "Swash type" or "Wing type" appear. Since the air-
                                                                                                                                                  plane type is selected, the wing type is shown in the example below. Select the desired wing
               Touch                                                                                                                              type, tail type and power type in turn. If all procedures have been done correctly, all types
                                                                                                                                                  that you selected appear on the page. Touch ENT icon on the right bottom after checking the
                                                                                                                                           Touch  selected types, Manual setting is completed and returned to base menu

                                                                                                                                                  Touch

                                                                                                                                                                Touch

             Touch                                                                                                                                                     Touch

12                                                                                                                                                       Touch

                    Touch
Touch         Touch                                                                                                          Touch
                                                                                                      Touch
                                                                                               Touch
                                                                                               Touch

                                                           Touch                               Touch                                Touch
                                                                                               Touch                                Touch
3. E.P.A
                                                                                                                                        13
E.P.A is used to adjust Servo operation angle and limitation for each channel. Touch "E.P.A"
icon on the base menu page to call E.P.A setup page. "Limit" and "travel" can be set individ-
ually. When you touch each icon, it is activated in blue and you may adjust the values with
"INC" and "DEC" buttons. Touch NEXT icon on the right to go and set more channels' E.P.A.
after setting each channel's E.P.A, touch "SERVO" icon to call "SERVO VIEW" page. By
moving each channel's stick, you may check E.P.A value in the graph. When "BACK" icon in
the "SERVO VIEW" page is touched, you may return to the base menu page.

              Touch

       Touch
    Touch         Touch                                                                                                                                                Touch
                                                                                                                 Touch
                                                                                                          Touch
                                                                                                  Touch

4. Reverse

It is used to reverse the operation of an individual servo. Touch the "Reverse" icon in the
base menu page to call the Reverse setup page. In "Reverse" page, you are able to reverse
the operation of a servo. When you touch the "NOR" icon, "NOR" is changed to REV" and
the operation of an individual servo is reversed. Touch "Servo" icon on the left top to call the
"Servo View" page after setting "Reverse" function. When each channel's stick is controlled,
"Reverse" setting status can be seen in a graph. Now, touch "Back" icon in the servo view
page to call the reverse setup page. When Reverse function setting is completed, touch
"Back" icon on the top left page to call the Base menu page.

                  Touch                                                                           5. Sub-Trim

           Touch                                                                                  It is used to set the servo neutral position, and may be used to make fine adjustments to
                                                                                                  control surface without hooking linkages and pushrods up. When Sub-Trim function is used,
                                                                                                  make sure that the servo trims are set to their center position. Touch "Sub-Trim" icon in the
                                                                                                  base menu to call the "Sub-Trim" setup page. In the base menu, touch "000%" icon then it is
                                                                                                  activated in blue. "Sub-Trim" values can be adjusted with the "INC", "DEC" icons. When the
                                                                                                  setting for "Sub-Trim" is completed, touch "Servo" icon to call "Servo View" page in which you
                                                                                                  may check "Sub-Trim" value in a graph. Touch "Back" icon to call "Sub-Trim" setup page and
                                                                                                  touch "Back" icon again to call "Base" menu page after setting "Sub-Trim" for every channel.

14
                     Touch  Touch

       Touch

Touch

Touch  Touch

       Touch         6. THR.CUT

Touch                This function is used to stop the operation of engine. THR.CUT function works from below
                     one-third position of the full movement range of throttle stick. Touch "THR.CUT" icon in the
                     base menu page to call the "THR.CUT" setup page. When touching "INH" icon in "ACT"
                     line, you may change the value to "OFF". When touching "On" icon in "CTL", the message
                     "Select" is popped up. Now, move the switch with your choice then this switch is set to on/
                     off switch for "THR.CUT" and the switch setup page appears. You may change ON/OFF by
                     touching icons. When the switch is moved to the direction of ON, the function is operated.
                     After the switch setup is completed, touch "BACK" icon on the left top to return "THR.CUT"
                     setup page then set the value in "SET" line. Touch "017%" icon to activate it in blue and
                     touch "INC" and "DEC" icons to decide the throttle position when "THR.CUT" is on. Now
                     the servo of throttle channel is operated to the corresponding position. Touch "Back" icon to
                     return the base menu page.

              Touch

Touch                              Touch

                     Touch                          15
    Touch                    Touch

           Touch         7. TX ctl
                         It consists of the multiple functions for a transmitter. It includes "BIND ON/OFF", "TX OUT
                         SET", "RF ON/OFF", "RF TYPE", "RANG TEST", and "DSC OUTPUT" functions. Touch "TX
                         ctl" icon to call the "TX ctl" setup page.

    Touch

    Touch                                Touch

                  Touch  - BIND ON/OFF
                         It is used to bind a transmitter to a receiver. In "TX ctl" setup page, turn on a receiver and
                         press "Setup" icon of a receiver for over 3 seconds until a receiver is entered the binding
                         mode. If you touch "Off" icon in "BIND ON/OFF" of "RX1" then the transmitter is bound to a
                         receiver in a few seconds and "OFF" of "RX1" is changed to the product name of the bound
                         receiver. "RF ON/OFF" is set to "ON" as well. Rx2 can be bound as the same as explained
                         above.

                         Touch

16
- TX OUT SET                                                                                                         Touch

It is used to edit the receiver's "out-channel" connected to each channel of transmitter as                                                                                        Touch
you want. For example, when "2 Elevator" function is used, the "CH3" and "CH8" out pins of
receiver are used in the traditional channel setup, however, if the receiver's CH4 pin is set for  Touch
the transmitter's CH3 using "TX OUT SET" function, the CH4 and CH3 pin are operated for
the "2 ELEVATOR" function. To make use of this function, a receiver should be bound first.
When you bind the receiver to RX1 and RX2 and then touch "Set" icon in "TX OUT SET" to
call "TX OUT SET" setup page. "TX OUT SET" page is differently shown according to the
number of receiver's channel which is bound to a transmitter. Basically, the order of transmit-
ter's channel is set as the same as the order of receiver's out-pin. Touch the desired channel
number to activate in blue and change it to the channel that you want to match with "INC"
and "DEC" button and then touch "STO" icon to transmit the setup data to the receiver. The
other channels are set as the same as explained above.
NOTE: Since "TX OUT SET" function is set the receiver by transmitter, you should touch the
"STO" icon to transmit the setup data to the receiver and to save the data on a receiver for
operation.

              Touch                                                                                - RF ON/OFF

                                                                                                   It is used to turn on or off transmitter's "RF" function. If you are not flying a model but pro-
                                                                                                   gramming transmitter only, you are able to save the battery of the transmitter by setting RF to
                                                                                                   turn off. Under "OFF" status, transmitter is disconnected with the receiver. Touch "ON" icon in
                                                                                                   "RF ON/OFF" to change to "OFF"

Touch

                                                                                                              Touch

                                                                                                   - RF TYPE

                                                                                                   mz-12 offers 2 RF types, NORMAL and FRANCE, to comply with country regulation.

       Touch  Touch                                                                                "NORMAL" type is usually used in most countries, but you need France RF setting to comply

                                                                                                   with France regulations in FANCE. France RF setting should only be turned on when operat-

                                                                                                   ing your transmitter in France outdoors. "NORMAL" type can be changed into "FRANCE" type

                                                                                                   by touching "NORMAL" icon. If the "FRANCE" icon is touched again, it can be changed into

                                                                                                   "NORMAL" icon.

                                                                                                                                                                                             17
                                Touch         Touch

                                                                                                  - DSC OUTPUT

                                                                                                  It is used to set the number of channel when Trainer function is used with DSC jack. If 5
                                                                                                  channels are used, PPM5 is recommended to use. To use more than 5 channels, choose the
                                                                                                  appropriate PPM for each condition. PPM10, PPM16, PPM18, PPM24 are selectable.
                                                                                                  Whenever you touch the value icon in DSC OUTPUT, You can select "PPM10", "PPM16",
                                                                                                  "PPM18", and "PPM 24" in turn. Default value is "PPM 10".

- RANGE TEST                                                                                      Touch  Touch

"Range Test" function reduces the power output. This allows for a range test to confirm the RF
link is operating correctly. Perform a range check at the beginning of each flying session to
confirm system operation.
If the servo connected to receiver is operated normally within 50m or 70m of the distance from
the receiver, you may fly a model, if not, you need do range test again. If it doesn't operate
normally even after the test, please send mz-12 for repair.
Touch "OFF" icon in "RANGE TEST" to change to "ON", transmitter beeps indicating "Range
test" setup begins. This function is available for 99sec. you may touch "ON" icon if you want to
stop the function.

                         Touch         Touch

18                                                                                                Touch  Touch
8. TIMER                                                                                          To set the model time, touch "MODE" icon and then select "UP" or "DOWN". The default value
                                                                                                  is UP. Timer may be set count-down or count-up operation with your choice. Count-up timer
Timer function may be set for any desired time ,i.e. model time, date, time, etc. Two independ-   continues counting from zero to the setup time and Count-down timer keeps counting from the
ent timers, TIMER1 and TIMER2, are provided for each model. Touch "Timer" icon in base            setup time to zero.
menu page to call the timer setup page.

                               Touch                                                                         Touch

In the "Timer" setup page, set "TIMER 1" first. The timer in the first line is used when to save  After "MODE" setup, you need to set "ALARM". The alarm sounds from the last 20 seconds
the flight data on SD card. Bind transmitter and receiver and Insert SD card into SD card slot    in the setup time. It has the 2 seconds intervals for the first 10 seconds and has the 1 second
in the rear of transmitter. Touch the value in minute or second to operate or stop timer. The     interval for the next 10 seconds.
flight data starts to be saved on SD card when timer starts to operate and stop to save when
timer stop to operate. Touch "T.RES" icon to reset timer. Since the timer in TIMER 1 is operat-
ed with ALARM timer at a time, you need to operated ALARM timer to use it

Touch  Touch

                                                                                                  Touch  Touch

                                                                                                            19
                           Touch  Touch                                                                                                      Touch
                                                                                                   Touch

After "ALARM" setup, you may set "START SW". Touch "NULL" icon in "START SW" to call        When START SW setup is completed, you may set RESET SW function. Touch the "NULL"
"Select" message popup. Now, move the switch with your choice then this switch is set on/   icon in "RESET SW" to call "select" message popup. Now, move the switch with your choice
off switch for "START SW" and the switch direction setup page appears. You may change       then this switch is set to on/ off switch for "RESET SW" and the switch direction setup page
ON/OFF by touching icons. When the switch is moved to the direction of on, the function is  appears. You may change ON/OFF by touching icons. When the switch is moved to the direc-
operated. Touch "Back" icon to return TIMER setup page                                      tion of ON, the function is operated. Touch "Back" icon to return TIMER setup page

                    Touch                                                                   Touch

20
              Touch                                                                                                     Touch

       Touch                                                                                              Touch

                                                                                                                               Touch

                                                                                                          Touch

After RESET SW is set, you may set "LAP SW" function. Touch "NULL" icon in "LAP SW" to             Touch
call "select" message popup. Now, move the switch with your choice then this switch is set
on/ off switch for "LAP SW" and the switch direction setup page appears. You may change
ON/OFF by touching icons. When the switch is moved to the direction of ON, the function is
operated. Whenever the LAP SWITCH is on, Lap time is saved into LAP list. Touch "BACK"
icon on the left top to call Timer setup page. In order for you to check the LAP list, Touch ">>"
icon in LAP List to call LAP list page. Up to 100 ea of Lap time can be saved and only 20ea is
displayed in the page. For the next LAP list, touch "NEXT" icon. If touching "CLR" icon on the
right top, LAP list is deleted. Touch "BACK" icon to call Timer setup page.

                                                                                                   Touch "NEXT" icon on the right in Timer 1 setup page, you may call Timer 2 setup page.
                                                                                                   You are able to set Timer 2 as the same as explained above. Timer 2 don't have the function
                                                                                                   of the flight data saving so it can calculate the time only.

                                                                                                                 Touch

Touch

                                                                                                                               21
After Timer 2 setup, touch "NEXT" icon on the right. You may call the page of the date/ time
setup. Touch "SET" icon to activate it in blue and touch the desired value to activate in blue.
With "INC" and "DEC" buttons, you may adjust the values for the date and time as the picture
shown below. BATT TIME and MODEL TIME can be reset by touching the corresponding
B.RES and M.RES icons.

                                                                                                 Touch

                                                      Touch  Touch                                                           Touch
                                                                                                                             Touch
                                                                                                        Touch                Touch

                      Touch                                         Touch                                      Touch
                                                                    Touch
                                   Touch                            Touch                                             Touch

                                               Touch                                                           Touch

22
                                                                                                                                 Touch

                                                                                                   Touch

       Touch

              Touch

Touch

9. FAILSAFE                                                                                                        Touch                                       Touch
                                                                                                   Touch                                Touch
When you bind your transmitter, you are programming the receiver with failsafe defaults. If
connection is lost between the transmitter and receiver, the receiver immediately operates in                                    Touch
those preprogrammed default positions.
The default value is "Hold" and you may select "Hold" or "F/S" for up to six channels.                                    Touch
CAUTION: Fail safe function should be operated when the transmitter and receiver are
switched on.

Hold: If you lose connection between the transmitter and the receiver, the preset channels
hold the last given command.
F/S: If the signal is lost, the preset channels are driven to their failsafe preset position.

In the base page, touch "Fail Safe" icon to call "Fail Safe" setup page. All channels' default
values excepting for throttle channel are set in "Hold". Touch "Hold" icon in the channel to set
to "F/S" and then touch the "SET" value to activate in blue. After that, move transmitter stick
to the desired position and touch "Set" icon in the right bottom then the position of transmitter
stick is displayed in percentage. Every channel can be set in the same and when touching
NEXT icon in the right, you may call the next setup page.
You may set "Delay" function after all channels setup, 0.25s is set by default, and may select
any of 3 types ( 0.5s, 0.75s, 1.0s ) by touching the delay mode icon. After "Delay" setup, be
sure to touch "STO1" and "STO2" icons in the right to transmit Failsafe setup data to a receiv-
er. Now failsafe setup is completed.

                                                                                                                                        23
                           Touch                         Touch                                         10. TRIM STEP
                                                  Touch  Touch
                                                                                                       It allows you to check all function values of "Digital trim step", "DT1", "DT2", `Digital volume",
                                                                                                       and "Side slide". Touch "Trim Step" icon in base menu page to call Trim Step setup page.
                                                                                                       The step value indicates the amount that the trim is moved in the range, 100, when operating
                                                                                                       trim key one time. "4" is set by default and it means that the trim is moved as much as "4" by
                                                                                                       operating trim key one time.
                                                                                                       Touch and activate the values in STEP line and adjust the values with INC" and "DEC" but-
                                                                                                       tons. The programmed trim values are displayed in "POS" line and can be saved on transmit-
                                                                                                       ter. If you save the programmed trim, the value is reset to the natural, 00%, and it can be ver-
                                                                                                       ified in "POS" line as well. Touch and activate the values, 000%, in SET line and touch "SET"
                                                                                                       icon in the right bottom then the value in POS line is switched to 000%, the programmed trim
                                                                                                       value is saved in SET line.
                                                                                                       After Trim STEP and SET setup, you may adjust the function value of "Digital trim 1" and
                                                                                                       `Digital trim 2". Their default value is set as "None". Touch any of options for `DT1" and "DT2"
                                                                                                       to activate in blue. You may adjust the function value with "INC" and "DEC" buttons. Touch
                                                                                                       "View" icon in the right to call the next page that you can see all setup data such as Trim posi-
                                                                                                       tion, DT1, DT2, Digital volume and Side slide. Touch "BACK" icon to return the previous page.

                                                                                                              Touch

                                                                                                       Touch

                    Touch                                Touch                                                       Touch
                                                                                                Touch
                    Touch
                                                                                                       Touch
24
                                                                      Touch

       Touch  Touch

                                                 Touch

                                                               Touch

                                                        Touch

                     Touch

       Touch

                            Touch         11. SERVO

       Touch                              It is used to test a servo and check the servo movement in a graph. You are able to test
                                          the servo movement from 0.5sec to 5 sec with your choice. Touch "Servo" icon in the base
                                          page to call the servo setup page. In the servo setup page, the servo movement of every 12
                                          channels is displayed in graph and figure when transmitter is operated. Touch "View" icon in
                                          the right bottom to call "Test" function page. Touch "Off" icon in the right bottom then "Off" is
                                          changed to "On" and then "Test" function is activated. During the operation of "Test" function,
                                          touch "0.5s" icon to activate in blue. With INC and DEC buttons, you may select from 0.5sce
                                          to 5sec of operation speed. Touch "ON" icon to change to "OFF" then "Test" function is termi-
                                          nated. When "TEST" icon is touched, you may return VIEW function page.

                                   Touch

Touch

                                          Touch

                                                                      25
                                                           Touch  Touch  12. CH Set
                                                                  Touch
                                                           Touch         It is used to set the channel of a transmitter. The basic setup of the transmitter's channel is
                                                                         set differently depending on 3 different types ("model type", "wing type", and "swash type")
                                                           Touch         and mz-12 offers AUX channel to set the switch, volume, and side lever for your purpose.
                                                           Touch         Touch "CH set" icon on base menu page to call to "CH set" setup page. In "Ch Set" setup
                                                                         page, the basic functions of the transmitter which is connected individually to every channel
26                                                                       are displayed. AUX channels are displayed as NONE when they are not connected to a servo.
                                                                         To connect AUX channel to a servo, touch "NONE" icon to call the "select" message popup
                                                                         and move the switch, volume or side lever with your choice then the selected switch, volume
                                                                         or side lever is set to AUX channel and the connected servo is controlled. Touch "SERVO"
                                                                         icon on the right to call the "SERVO VIEW" page, you may check the operating status of servo
                                                                         connected AUX channel in this page. Touch "BACK" icon to return the previous page.

                                                                  Touch

                                                                                Touch

                                                                         Touch

                                                                                Touch
                                                                                                                                            Touch                Touch

                                                                                     Touch                                                         Touch

    Touch                                                                                                                                                 Touch

13. Out Swap                                                                                                                                                     Touch
This function is used to edit the channel connection between transmitter and receiver. (It is
similar to TX OUT SET function in TX ctl, but Out Swap function is operated without trans-                                                                Touch
mitting the setup data to a receiver unlike TX OUT SER function. Even if receiver channels
are more than transmitter channels, you are able to set receiver channel in "TX OUT SET"                                                                         Touch
function, but "Out Swap" function allows you to edit only twelve channels connected to the
transmitter.)                                                                                                                                             Touch
In base menu page, touch "Out.Swap" icon to call "Out. Swap" setup page. The channel order
of transmitter is set as the same as the order of receiver. Touch the channel number to acti-                                                                    Touch
vate in blue and decide the desired channel number with "INC" and "DEC" button. Every chan-
nel is set in the same way. After setup, touch "BACK" icon to return to the base menu page.

                                                                                                                                                                        27
                                                                               Touch             1-1 NEW
                                                      Touch
                                                                                                 This function is used when you wish to create new Q.LINK. If you may want to set for new
                                                                                                 Q.LINK, touch the value in "Q.LINK" line to activate it in blue and touch "NEW" icon in the
                                                                                                 right to call "CTRL" and "DELAY" options. In "CTRL" setup, touch "NULL" icon to call "Select"
                                                                                                 message popup and move the switch or stick with your choice then the switch or stick is set to
                                                                                                 Q.LINK switch. To set "DELAY" function, touch "0.0s" icon to activate in blue and set the delay
                                                                                                 time with "INC" and "DEC" buttons. DELAY indicates the time till Q.LINK start to work after
                                                                                                 Q.LINK is switched on

                                                                                                                                        Touch

                                                                                                  Hold                          Hold
                                                                                                 ldToleu-uchp1                ldle-up1
                                                                                                 ldle-up2                     ldle-up2
                                                                                                 ldle-up3                     ldle-up3

     FUNCTION MENU (Helicopter)                                                                    Hold         Touch           Hold
                                                                                                 ldle-up1                     ldle-up1
1. Q.LINK                                                                                        ldle-up2                     ldle-up2
                                                                                                 ldle-up3                     ldle-up3
This function is used to set Q.LINK and assign the corresponding switch to cope with the un-
expected trouble situation. Since the adjusted value is activated by moving the switch and you                         Touch
can cope with the crisis with just one switch. It makes you operating the flight much easier.
Q.LINK for helicopter type consists of 6 types. (NORMAL, HOLD, IDEL UP1, IDEL UP2, IDEL
UP3, Q. link5 ) Normal type is set as a default value.

In the transmitter main page, touch "Function" icon to call the Function page and touch
"Q.LINK" icon to call Q.LINK setup page. Q.LINK list is displayed. "1.NORMAL" is the default
value and it cannot be changed.

                                                      Touch

                                                                                      Telemetry                 Touch

                                               Touch

28
Hold                   Hold                                                                            Touch
                      ldle-up1
ldle-up1       Touch  ldle-up2
ldle-up2              ldle-up3

ldle-up3                        Touch                                                                         Touch

              Hold                                                                                  Touch
             ldle-up1
             ldle-up2                                                                           1-3 CPY
             ldle-up3                                                                           CPY function is used to copy the preset Q.LINK setup data into another Q.LINK. Touch the
                                                                                                desired entry in "Q.LINK" line to activate in blue. Touch "CPY" icon to call "COPY" message
1-2 NAM                                                                                         popup. Touch the entry in TARGET then all entry in TARGET are displayed in turn. Now,
                                                                                                select the desired Q.LINK entry and touch "YES" icon then the preset data is saved into the
It is used when to revise the name of "Q.LINK". Touch the target value in "Q.LINK" to activate  selected Q.LINK entry and return to Q.LINK setup page.
in blue. Now touch "NAM" icon to call NAM setup page. In the page, enter the desired name
using the keypad. After that, touch "EN" icon then the revised name is displayed in "New
Q.LINK Name". Now, touch "BACK" icon on the left top left to call "Q.LINK" setup page and
the revised name is stored at the corresponding Q.LINK.

 Hold                   Hold    Touch
                      ldle-up1
lTdoleu-cuhp1         ldle-up2                                                                  Touch         Touch
ldle-up2              ldle-up3
ldle-up3                                                                                                          29
                     Touch

                            Touch                                                                Touch

                                                                                                                                         Touch

1-4 Del                                                                                          2. D/R, EXP

It is used to delete the unused Q.LINK. Touch the entry in Q.LINIK line that you want to delete  D/R function is used to adjust the operation range of servos that is connected to all channels
to activate in blue and touch "DEL" icon. Now, the selected Q.LINK entry is deleted in Q.LINK    including aileron, elevator and rudder channels. You can assign them to numerous switches
list. If you touch "NEXT" icon, you may call the next page                                       and sticks EXP function is used to set D/R function to aileron, elevator and rudder channels
                                                                                                 and adjust the sensitivity of natural position of every channel. Positive Exponential reduces
                                                                                                 the control sensitivity of neutral position for more precise control and negative exponential
                                                                                                 increase the control sensitivity of neutral position D/R, EXP function can be operated with the
                                                                                                 assigned switch or connected to Q.LINK for purpose In the function page, touch "D/R, EXP"
                                                                                                 icon to call D/R, EXP setup page. Touch D/R or EXP icon to activate in blue and perform D/R
                                                                                                 or EXP programming setup with "INC" and "DEC".

              Touch                Touch                                                         Touch
                                                                                                                              Telemetry
30                                                                                                                                              Touch
Touch             Touch  After "D/R", "EXP" setup, perform CTL setup. It is used to assign the switch to D/R, EXP
Touch  Touch             function Touch "NULL" icon in CTL line to call "Select" message popup and move the switch
Touch                    that you want to use then that switch is set on/ off to switch and the switch direction setup
Touch                    page appears. You may select ON or OFF by touching icons. When the switch is moved to the
                         direction of ON, the function is operated. Touch "Back" icon to return D/R, EXP setup page.
                         When D/R, EXP switch is off, D/R, EX is returned to the default setup.
                         If you want to use stick instead of switch for "D/R", "EXP" function, Touch SW6 in CTL line to
                         call "Select" message popup and move the stick with your choice then that stick is selected as
                         on/ off stick and the stick direction setup page appears. In the direction setup page, move the
                         stick to the "ON" position that you can comfortably reach, when the stick reach this position,
                         D/R, EXP function is off. Touch "ENT" icon on the right bottom then the designated position is
                         marked with the red or blue bar in the graph and the value of set position is displayed in POS.
                         If you touch REVERSE in "DIR" line, all setup is reversed.
                         To set "ON" or "OFF" at the both end of stick operation range, touch "SINGLE" icon to change
                         to "DUAL" then D/R, EXP function is on or off at the both end of stick operation range. You
                         may set ELEV and RUDD channel in the same way. We recommend to set 5~12 channels to
                         Q.LINK since they don't have on/off setup in D/R, EXP. When the setting is completed, touch
                         "BACK" icon to return the function page.

                         Touch

       Touch

                                Touch

                         Touch

                                       31
                                                              Touch

                                     Touch                                                           Touch
                                                Touch
                                                                                              Touch
32
                                                              Touch

                                                                            Touch

                                                                     Touch                                    Touch
                                                                                                     Touch

                                                       Touch

                                                                                   Telemetry
3. PIT.CRV                                                                                                                                     TRIM

This function adjusts the pitch operation curve in relation to the movement of the throttle stick  Touch
for each condition Since pitch curve is closely related with Q.LINK setup, Q.LINK setup should                    Telemetry
precede PIT.CRV setup. Call Q.LINK setup page and check Q.LINK setup is completed                                                 TRIM
correctly and touch "BACK" icon to return FUNCTION page. (Refer to the manual on Q.LINK
setup)

                                                                                                                                        Touch

                  Touch                                                                                                                        TRIM

Touch                      Hold
                          ldle-up1
       Telemetry          ldle-up2
                          ldle-up3

                                                                                                   TRIM                                        Touch
                                                                                                                                               TRIM

                                                Telemetry                                          Touch                                       Touch
                                                                                                   TRIM                                        TRIM
In FUNCTIOPN page, touch "PIT.CRV" icon to call PIT.CRV setup page. You need to mark
the point on graph first and then adjust the operation curve with "DEC", "INC", X-axis and         Touch                                       Touch
Y-axis buttons. Touch "ST OFF" to change to "ST ON" then the throttle position line appears
on graph. Move throttle stick and place the line at the desired position between point "L" and                                                    33
"H" then touch "ENT" icon on the bottom right. Now the new point is marked in graph. You
can mark five points between point "L" and "H" in the same way. Touch ST ON" to change to
"ST OFF" and complete the point setup. Now touch "DEC" or "INC" button to select point and
touch X-axis or Y-axis to activate and then touch DEC" or "INC" button to adjust the operation
curve. Turn on the preset Q.LINK switch then you may adjust the operation curve of every
Q.LINK as well.
       TRIM                                                        TRIM                                               TRIM                                         TRIM
                                                                   Touch                                                                                          Touch
Touch                                                                                                     Touch                                                    TRIM
                                                                   TRIM                                               TRIM  Q.LINK (idel-up2)
       TRIM                                                        Touch                                                                                           TRIM
       Touch
                                                                                                                                                    Telemetry
                                                             TRIM  TRIM                                   TRIM
                                                            Touch  Touch
                                                                                           Q.LINK (Hold)
                                                             TRIM  TRIM   Touch
                                                            Touch
                                                                                                          TRIM
34
If you touch OFF icon in Curve line, it is changed to ON and the operation curve is smoother.
To set the pitch, throttle curve trim, touch "TRIM" icon in the top right to call the pitch, throttle
curve trim setup page.

                                                                                                                                       Touch

       TRIM          TRIM

Touch

                                                                                                                                              Touch

                                                                                                       Touch

You may designate throttle curve key with DV1, DV2, DV3, DV4, SL1 and SL2 to set the                                            Touch
section curve for the hovering in normal Q.Link and IDLE 1, IDEL 2 Q.Link.                             Touch
Touch "NONE" icon in CTL line to call "Select" message popup then move the switch that you
want to use then that switch is designated to the pitch, throttle curve trim switch. After CTL
setup, touch and activate "NONE" icon in MIXER line to select the pitch curve or the throttle
curve. Touch and activate "L" icon in POINT line to select the point number with INC and
DEC buttons. Now, if you move the designated switch, the selected point follows the switch's
movement. After POINT setup, touch and activate the value, "1", in Q.LINK line to set Q.LINK
number then the pitch, throttle curve trim is activated within the setup Q.LINK. Touch "BACK"
icon to return to FUNCTION page.

        TRIM  Touch                                                                                                            TRIM
       Touch
                                                                                                       +076%
                                                                                                                  +076%

                                                                                                                                                     35
                                                Telemetry                                       In FUNCTIOPN page, touch "THR.CRV" icon to call THR.CRV setup page. You need to mark
                                                                                                the point on graph first and then adjust the operation curve with "DEC", "INC", X-axis and
4. THR.CRV                                                                                      Y-axis buttons. Touch "ST OFF" to switch to "ST ON" then the throttle position line appears
                                                                                                on graph. Move throttle stick and place the line at the desired position between point "L" and
This function adjusts the throttle operation curve in relation to the movement of the throttle  "H" then touch "ENT" icon on the bottom right. Now the new point is marked in graph. You
stick for each condition Since the throttle curve is closely related with Q.LINK setup, Q.LINK  can mark five points between point "L" and "H" in the same way. Touch ST ON" to switch to
setup should precede THR.CRV setup.                                                             "ST OFF" and complete the point setup. Now touch "DEC" or "INC" button to select point and
Call Q.LINK setup page and check Q.LINK setup is completed correctly and touch "BACK"           touch X-axis or Y-axis to activate and then touch DEC" or "INC" button to adjust the operation
icon to return FUNCTION page. (Refer to the manual on Q.LINK setup)                             curve. Turn on the preset Q.LINK switch then you may adjust the operation curve of every
                                                                                                Q.LINK as well.

                                                                                                                             TRIM

                                                                                                Touch

                                                                                                Telemetry             Touch
                                                                                                                TRIM
                                                                                                                             TRIM
                                                           Touch
Touch
                                                                    Hold
       Telemetry                                                  ldle-up1
                                                                  ldle-up2
                                                                  ldle-up3

                                                                                                       TRIM                  Touch
                                                                                                                             TRIM

                                                Telemetry                                              Touch                 Touch

36
:63P     TRIM   TRIM          TRIM             TRIM
                              TRIM             Touch
63-5W                         TRIM             TRIM
                              TRIM
         Touch  Touch                          TRIM
          TRIM  TRIM

                Touch

Touch

         TRIM   TRIM
         Touch  Touch

         TRIM   TRIM   Touch
         Touch

                                    Telemetry

                                               37
If you touch OFF icon in Curve line, it is changed to ON and the operation curve is smoother.   Touch                    MODEL NAME 1 NORMAL                     S
You may set the pitch, throttle curve trim by touching "TRIM" icon in the top right. The setup  Touch                                        ON              TRIM
method is explained at PIT.CRV

HELI 1                                     HELI 1              TRIM                                                                        +076%
                                     TRIM                 ON  Touch                                                                                   +076%

              OFF                          +080%
             Touch                                    +080%
             +100%

                H +082%
                        Y- a x i s

 Touch                                                                                                                                     Telemetry

                  Touch                                                                         5. Gyr/Gover
                                    Touch
                                                                                                This function is utilized to adjust the mixing of Gyro" and "Governor" for each condition.
38                                                                                              Since Gyr/Gover is closely related with Q.LINK setup, Q.LINK setup should precede Gyr/
                                                                                                Gover setup.

                                                                                                Touch                    Touch

                                                              Touch                                                               Hold
                                                                                                                                 ldle-up1
                                                                                                              Telemetry          ldle-up2
                                                                                                                                 ldle-up3

                                                              Touch

                                                                                                              Telemetry
Gyro Gain, Governor, Governor RATE, Gyro Suppression are available in this function             Gyro Suppression  Touch         Gyro Suppression  TToRuIMch
                                                                                                                  TRIM
- Gyro Gain is used to adjust the sensitivity of gyro. "00%" is basically set and heading lock
 gyro is operated at over 40% of sensitivity. You may adjust sensitivity for each condition of
 Q.LINK.

- Governor ACT is used to select "INH" or "ON" for Governor function. The default value is
 "INH" and it should be set to "ON" to use Governor ACT by touching "INH" icon.

- G overnor RATE is used to set the rate of Governor Function. You may adjust Governor
 "RATE" for each condition of Q.LINK.

Touch "Gyr / Gover" icon to call the Gyr / Gover setup page. Touch the value in Gyro Gain
to activate in blue then adjust the value with "INC" and "DEC" buttons. Touch "INH" icon in
Governor ACT to switch it ON and then touch the value in Governor RATE to activate in blue.
Adjust the function value with "INC" and "DEC" buttons. We recommend you to adjust Gov-
ernor RATE for each condition of rotor RPM while a helicopter is hovering. Gyro Suppression
function is used to offset Rudder by adjusting the value of Piezo gyro, it is not used when to
use Head lock gyro Touch "BACK" icon on the left top to return FUNCTION page.

                                                                                                                         Touch

                                                                                                Gyro Suppression  TRIM          Gyro Suppression  TToRuIMch

                                     Touch                    Touch
                        Telemetry
                                            Gyro Suppression  TRIM                              Gyro Suppression  TRIM          Gyro Suppression  TRIM

                        Touch                                 Touch

Gyro Suppression  TRIM                      Gyro Suppression  TRIM                              Gyro Suppression  TRIM          Gyro Suppression  TRIM

                                                                                                                                                             39
Touch

Gyro Suppression  TRIM             Telemetry                                                    Touch
                                                                                                Touch
6. THR.HOLD                                                                                            Touch

This function is for powering down an engine or motor using a designated switch. Throttle hold
has higher authority than any other flight mode. When you activate THR.HOLD, the throttle
channel is driven to its programmed value. It is usually used to turn off an engine or hold in
idle position when helicopter's auto rotation flight

In function page, touch "THR.HOLD" icon to call "THR.HOLD" setup page. Touch "INT" icon in
ACT line to switch it on and touch "NULL" icon in CTL line to call "Select" message popup.
Move the switch with your choice then that switch is designated as on/ off switch and the
switch direction setup page appears. You may select ON or OFF by touching icons. When the
switch is moved to the direction of ON, the function is operated. Touch "BACK" icon to return
to "THR.HOLD" setup page again. Touch the default value, 17%, to activate in blue and adjust
it with "INC" and "DEC" buttons. The red arrow indicates the value for each value. When
"THR.HOLD" function is on, the green arrow is positioned in the setup value. After setup,
touch "BACK" icon to return FUNCTION page.

                                                                                                              Touch

                                                                                                       Touch

                                   Touch

   Touch                Telemetry

40
                                               Telemetry                                                   Touch                          Touch
                                                                                                                                   Touch
7. SWASH
                                                                                                           Touch
The swash function supports adjustment of the travel amount and direction of the aileron,
elevator and pitch in Helicopter mode. Bind a helicopter to a receiver and set the travel
amount and direction of the swash channels desirably Touch "SWASH" icon to call "SWASH"
setup page. When touching the values in PITC, AILE and ELEV, they are activated in blue.
You may adjust the values with INC and DEC buttons. The default value is 60%. If the minus
value is programmed, the travel direction of the swash channel is reversed. You may watch
the servo operation by touching " SERVO" icon in the right top. Touch "BACK" icon to return to
the function page.

                         Touch

Touch

       Telemetry                                                                                Telemetry

                                Touch

                  Touch

                                                                                                                                                 41
8. S.Limt (Swash Limit)                                                                                       Touch

It is used to have the channels of PITCH, AILE and ELEV                                                Touch
operated for the circle movement of the stick and the
channels of PITCH, AILE and EL have the travel limits                                           Touch
according to the circle setup size. Servo EPA should be
set over 100%, if the circle size is over 100%

The Swash rotation function in the bottom is used to
make the swash that mz-12 doesn't support available by
rotating the swash angle
In the Function page, touch "S.Limit" icon to call "S.Limit"
setup page. Touch "INH" icon in "ACT" line to switch to
"ON" then the default value, 100% sized circle appears.
Now, touch "100%" icon in SET line to activate in blue. Adjust the cirvle size with "INC" and
"DEC" buttons. Touch "00'" icon in "Swash rotation" in the bottom to activate in blue then the
swash angle is set with "INC" and "DEC" buttons. Touch "BACK" icon to return to "FUNC-
TION" page.

                              Touch                        Touch                                                                                                                                                                       Telemetry
                                                Telemetry                   Touch
                                                                                                9. S.MIX (Swash mixing)
                                           Touch
                                                                                                S.MIX typically corrects swash plate timing issues by mixing AILE>>ELEV, ELEV>>AILE,
42                                                                                              PITC>>AILE, PITC>>ELEV.
                                                                                                This function can be adjusted for each condition of Q.LINK.

                                                                                                AILE>>ELEV: It is used when a helicopter tends to be UP or DOWN while controlling aileron.
                                                                                                ELEV>>AILE: It is used when a helicopter tends to bank to left or right while controlling
                                                                                                elevator.
                                                                                                PITC >>AILE: It is used when a helicopter tends to bank to left or right while controlling pitch.
                                                                                                PITC >>ELEV: It is used when a helicopter tends to be UP or DOWN while controlling pitch.

                                                                                                In function page, touch "S.MIX" icon to call S.MIX setup page. Touch "INH" icon in ACT line to
                                                                                                switch to "ON" and touch >> icon to call the mixing setup page. Touch and activate the values
                                                                                                in LEFT and RIGHT line and adjust the mixing value with "INC" and "DEC" buttons. The pro-
                                                                                                grammed values are indicated in the left graph. The soft or rough movement can be adjusted
                                                                                                by touching the values in EXP line, (+) value will make it smoothly and (-) value will make it
                                                                                                roughly. You may watch the servo operation by touching " SERVO" icon in the right top. Touch
                                                                                                "BACK" icon to return to S.MIX setup page. Now, you need to set CTL function. Touch "On"
                                                                                                icon to call "Select" message popup then move the switch with your choice then that switch is
                                                                                                designated as on/ off switch and then the switch direction setup page appears. You may select
                                                                                                ON or OFF by touching icons. When the switch is moved to the direction of ON, the function is
                                                                                                operated. Touch "BACK" icon to return to S.MIX setup page and confirm the setup data. Touch
                                                                                                "BACK" icon to return to FUNCTION page
       Touch                            Touch                              A (RATE) B                              A (RATE) B
       Telemetry                                                                                            Touch                       Touch
                                          A (RATE) B                                                                                    Touch
Touch                                   Touch                       Touch

                                                                           A (RATE) B

A (RATE) B                              A (RATE) B
                                 Touch                       Touch

                                                                    Touch                                                                               Touch
                                                                                                                   Touch
A (RATE) B                                A (RATE) B
                                 Touch  Touch                                                                                                                   43
                                                Telemetry                                                            Touch                    Touch
                                                                                                       Telemetry
10. THR.MIX                                                                                                                                    A (RATE) B
                                                                                                Touch                                         Touch
THR.MIX function prevents RPM decay when PITCH, AILE and ELEV inputs are given.
This mix advances the throttle position with mix control to maintain RPM. This function         A (RATE) B                                    A (RATE) B
can be adjusted for each condition of Q.LINK and three types is available (AILE>>THRO,                                          Touch                              Touch
ELEV>>THRO, RUDD>>THRO)
                                                                                                                                       Touch
AILE>>THRO: It can prevent RPM decay and maintain flight altitude of a helicopter while
controlling aileron.                                                                            A (RATE) B                                    A (RATE) B
ELEV>>THRO: It can prevent RPM decay and maintain flight altitude of a helicopter while                                         Touch
controlling elevator.
RUDD>>THRO: It can prevent RPM decay and maintain flight altitude of a helicopter when
the rudder pitch is changed by controlling rudder

In FUNCTION page, touch "THR.MIX" icon to call THR.MIX setup page. Touch "INH" icon in
ACT line to switch to "ON" and touch >> icon to call the mixing setup page. Touch and activate
the values in LEFT and RIGHT line and adjust the mixing value with "INC" and "DEC" buttons.
The programmed values are indicated in the left graph. You may watch the servo operation
by touching " SERVO" icon in the right top. Touch "BACK" icon to return to THR.MIX setup
page. Now, you need to set CTL function. Touch "On" icon to call "Select" message popup
then move the switch with your choice then that switch is designated as on/ off switch and
then the switch direction setup page appears. You may select ON or OFF by touching icons.
When the switch is moved to the direction of ON, the function is operated. Touch "BACK" icon
to return to THR.MIX setup page then confirm the setup data. Touch "BACK" icon to return to
FUNCTION page

44
Touch                                                                                                                                             11-1. Liner mixing type

       Touch                                                                                                                                      In FUNCTION page, touch "Prog.MIX" icon to call the prog.mix page. Touch "INH" icon in ACT
                                                                                                                                                  line to switch to "ON" and touch "NONE" in MST line to call the mixing channel setup page.
Touch                                                                                                                                             Touch and activate "NONE" icon and select the desired channel for the master by touching.
                                                                                                                                                  Now, touch and activate the left "NONE" icon, it is for Slave channel, and select the desired
     Touch                                                                                                                                        channel for the slave by touching. Touch "BACK" icon to return to Prog.MIX setup page. Touch
                                                                                                                                                  >> icon in SET line to call the program mixing setup page. Now, you need to set CTL function.
                                                                                                                                       Telemetry
                                                                                                                                                  - CTL setup with a switch
11. Prog.MIX
Prog.MIX function is used to mix the different channels for diverse purpose. We recommend                                                         Touch "NULL" icon in CTL line to call "Select" message popup then move the switch with your
you to use the same "On" switch with the one of Q.LINK. You may set the different program                                                         choice then that switch is designated as on/ off switch and then the switch direction setup
mix function for each Q.LINK condition.                                                                                                           page appears. You may select ON or OFF by touching icons. When the switch is moved to the
8 MIXs are available. The mixing method introduced here is divided into 2 type, liner mixing                                                      direction of ON, the function is operated. Touch "BACK" icon to return to Prog.MIX setup page.
type and curve mixing type. 1~6 MIXs are liner mixing type and 7~9 MIX is curve mixing type.
The curve mixing method is the same with the pitch, throttle curve setup as explained above                                                       - CTL setup with a stick

                                                                                                                                                  Touch "SW6" icon in CTL line to call "Select" message popup then move the stick with your
                                                                                                                                                  choice then that stick is designated as on/ off stick and then the stick direction setup page
                                                                                                                                                  appears. Move the stick to the position that you can comfortably reach, when the stick reach
                                                                                                                                                  this position, Prog.MIX function is off. Touch "ENT" icon on the right bottom then the desig-
                                                                                                                                                  nated position is marked with the red or blue bar in the graph and the value of set position is
                                                                                                                                                  displayed in POS. If you touch REVERSE in "DIR" line, all setup is reversed. To set "ON" or
                                                                                                                                                  "OFF" at the both end of stick operation range, touch "SINGLE" icon to switch to "DUAL" then
                                                                                                                                                  Prog.MIX function is on or off at the both end of stick operation range. Touch "BACK" icon to
                                                                                                                                                  return to the program mixing setup page.
                                                                                                                                                  After CTL setup, you need to set the program mix operation value. Since the throttle channel
                                                                                                                                                  is designated to the master channel, the operation value is displayed in A and B. Touch and
                                                                                                                                                  activate the values in blue to adjust the value with "DEC" and "INC" buttons, the setup value
                                                                                                                                                  is displayed in graph. OFFSET X/Y can be set in the same method and the setup value is
                                                                                                                                                  displayed as well.

                                                                                                                                                                    Touch

                                                                                                                                                  Touch  Telemetry

                                                                                                                                                                           45
                                                                                             Touch

              Touch                                                Touch              Touch
              Touch                                     Touch
Touch                                                                                 Touch

                         ACT CTL                                          CTL                                                                    Touch
                          AB                                               B                        Touch

                                                 Touch                         Touch

46
                              Touch

                                                                               ACT CTL                              ACT CTL
                                                                                AB                                   AB

                                                                                                      Touch                   Touch

Touch                                                                          ACT CTL                       Touch
                                                                                AB
         ACT CTL                     ACT CTL                                                                        ACT  CTL
           A Touch B                  AB                                                              Touch          A    B

                                              Touch

ACT CTL                              ACT CTL                                   Telemetry
 AB                                   AB

       Touch                                                            Touch

ACT CTL                              ACT CTL
 AB                                   AB

                       Touch                  Touch

                                                                                                                              47
11-2. Curve mixing type                                                                                          Touch                           Touch
                                                                                                Touch                                                             Touch
In the prog.mix page, touch "NEXT" icon to call the next page and touch "INH" icon in the
cross line of NO7 and ACT to switch to "ON". Touch "NONE" in MST line to access the                                                Touch           Touch
channel selection page and touch and activate "NONE" icon to select the desired channel of
MST and SLV. Touch "BACK" icon to return to the prog.mix page. Touch ">>" icon to call the
program mixing setup page. Now, you need to set CTL function.

- CTL setup with a switch

Touch "ON" icon in CTL line to call "Select" message popup then move the switch with your
choice then that switch is designated as on/ off switch and then the switch direction setup
page appears. You may select ON or OFF by touching icons. When the switch is moved to the
direction of ON, the function is operated. Touch "BACK" icon to return to the program mixing
setup page.

- CTL setup with a stick

Hoping that you would refer the explanation as explained above

Here, you need to set the operation value, "L" and "H" points are set by default and you need
to mark 5 points between "L" and "H" on graph first and then adjust the operation curve with
"DEC", "INC", X-axis and Y-axis buttons. Touch "ST OFF" icon to switch to "ST ON" then
the blue line appears on graph. Move the designated switch or stick to place the line at the
desired position then touch "ENT" icon on the bottom right. Now the new point is marked in
graph. You may set five points in your favorable position.
Touch "PITT >> RUDD" icon in the function page to call PIT >> RUDD setup page. You need
to mark the point on graph first and then adjust the operation curve with "DEC", "INC", X-axis
and Y-axis buttons. Touch "ST OFF" icon to switch to "ST ON" then the pitch position line
appears on graph. Move throttle stick and place the line at the desired position between point
"L" and "H" then touch "ENT" icon on the bottom right. Now the new point is marked in graph.
Touch ST ON" to switch to "ST OFF" and complete the point setup. Now touch "DEC" or "INC"
button to select point and touch X-axis or Y-axis to activate and then touch DEC" or "INC"
button to adjust the operation curve.

    Touch                                                                                                                                                                Touch

           Touch                                                                                                                          Touch

48
Touch                         Touch                                     Touch
              Touch                                                     Touch

       Touch                                     Touch                         Touch
                                     Touch
       Touch  Touch                                                            Touch

                                                                                  49
                                                            Touch                                    Touch       Touch

12. Trainer (Helicopter, Airplane, Gilder)                                                                  Touch
                                                                                                                 Touch
mz-12 features a programmable trainer function. Two transmitters must be connected by                             Touch
Wireless or an optional DSC code. This function makes it possible for the instructor to choose
which functions and channels are to be used for instruction.
In FUNCTION page, touch "Trainer" icon to call the trainer setup page. The default value,
TEACH, is set in all channels which means that this transmitter is Teacher transmitter. If
touching TEACH icon, it is switched to PUPIL.
Assigned the desired channel to Pupil transmitter by touching "TEACH" icon to switch to PU-
PIL and touch "NULL" icon in CTL line to call "Select" message popup. Move the switch with
your choice then that switch is designated as on/ off switch, but we recommend to use S8 as
the trainer switch. When the switch direction setup page appears, you may select ON or OFF
by touching icons. When the switch is moved to the direction of ON, the function is operated.
Now, you need to bind teacher transmitter and pupil transmitter. Turn on pupil's transmitter
and receiver and touch "OFF" icon in BIND line to switch to ON then this transmitter is bound
to pupil transmitter. Pupil transmitter can control the channels only if the trainer switch is on.
You may select trainer type by touch the value in TYPE line.

- RF : Teacher and pupil transmitters are connected by wireless
- DSC T & S : When teacher and pupil transmitters are connected by optional DSC code,

                   teacher transmitter should be set to DSC T and pupil transmitter should be set
                   to DSC S

                                                                                              Touch

                 Touch  Telemetry

50
                Touch                                                                                   Touch

13. PIT >>RUDD                                                                                          Touch

This function is used to correct the unintended movement of rudder during the flight of a               Touch
helicopter. It is not necessary when you make use of heading lock gyro                                  Touch
Touch "PITT >> RUDD" icon in the function page to call PIT >> RUDD setup page. You need
to mark the point on graph first and then adjust the operation curve with "DEC", "INC", X-axis             51
and Y-axis buttons. Touch "ST OFF" icon to switch to "ST ON" then the pitch position line
appears on graph. Move throttle stick and place the line at the desired position between point
"L" and "H" then touch "ENT" icon on the bottom right. Now the new point is marked in graph.

By moving the pitch bar with the throttle stick, you should fix the bar in the desired position
between L and H point. Now, touch the "ENT" icon on the bottom right side and then the new
point will appear. You may set five points in your favorable position.

You need to mark the point on graph first and then adjust the operation curve with "DEC",
"INC", X-axis and Y-axis buttons. Touch "ST OFF" to change to "ST ON" then the throttle
position line appears on graph. Move throttle stick and place the line at the desired position
between point "L" and "H" then touch "ENT" icon on the bottom right. Now the new point is
marked in graph. You can mark five points between point "L" and "H" in the same way. Touch
ST ON" to switch to "ST OFF" and complete the point setup. Now touch "DEC" or "INC" button
to select point and touch X-axis or Y-axis to activate and then touch DEC" or "INC" button to
adjust the operation curve. Turn on the preset Q.LINK switch then you may adjust the opera-
tion curve of every Q.LINK as well.

                Touch Telemetry                                                                  Touch

                                 Touch
                                                Touch   Touch                                    Touch                         Touch
                                                                                                 Touch  Touch
                                                 Touch  Touch
                                                                                          Touch
                                                 Touch
                                                        Touch                                                                                                                                         Telemetry
                                                Touch   Touch
                                                               14. Telemetry
52                                                             It is used to perform the programming setup and check HoTT telemetry functions. Touch
                                                               "Telemetry" icon to call the Telemetry page. You may program 5 types of "RX SELECT", "SET-
                                                               TING & DATA VIEW" "SENSOR SELECT", "RF STATUS VIEW", and "VOCIE TRIGGER".

                                                               14-1. RX SELECT
                                                               It is used to select a receiver that would transmit the telemetry data to mz-12 when 2 receivers
                                                               are bound to mz-12. All of the telemetry sensors should be connected to the selected receiver.
                                                               RX1" is set in RX SELECT line as a default and "RX1" and "RX2" can be switch by touching.
                Touch                                                                              - RX SERVO

                                                                                                   The servo functions, "REVERSE", "CENTER", "TRIM"," LIMIT-", LIMIT+, and "PERIOD", can be
                                                                                                   programmed throughout receiver when servo is connected to each channel of receiver.
                                                                                                   In "RX DATA VIEW" page, touch "ENT" icon to call RX SERVO page. You may move the cursor
                                                                                                   ">" to other category with INC button and select the category that you want to program. After
                                                                                                   deciding the desired category, touch "SET" icon to activate in red and adjust the value with INC
                                                                                                   and DEC buttons.

TTeoleumcehtry

14-2. SETTING & DATA VIEW                                                                                                                                      Touch

It is used to program or check telemetry data of a receiver and telemetry sensors. Only if trans-  · OUTPUT CH
mitter and receiver are bound, SETTING & DATA VIEW function is activated. Touch ">>" icon in       The receiver's out channel is programmed in OUTPUT CH line. Touch "SET" icon to activate
the telemetry setup page to call "RX DATA VIEW" setup page                                         the value in red and select the desired channel with INC and DEC buttons. Touch "SET" icon
                                                                                                   again to deactivate the value and touch INC button to move the cursor to "Reverse".
- RX DATA VIEW
You may check telemetry data of a receiver in this page. Touch "ENT" icon to access to the                Touch
next function, "RX SERVO" page.
                                                                                                   Touch

Touch

                                                                                                   Touch  Touch

                                                                                                              53
· REVERSE                                                                                       · CENTER

It is used to reverse the operation of an individual servo. Touch "SET" icon to activate "OFF"  It is used to set the "center position" of servo.
in red and touch INC and DEC buttons to switch to "ON". Touch "SET" icon again to deactivate    Touch "SET" icon to activate the value in red. Move and hold the throttle stick to the desired
the value and touch INC buttons to move the cursor to "CENTER".                                 position for the servo center and touch "SET" icon then that position is assigned to the servo
                                                                                                center and the relevant value is displayed. Touch INC button to move the cursor to "Reverse"

                                                            Touch  Touch                        Touch  Touch
                                                                   Touch                        Touch
                                                            Touch

54
· TRIM                                                                                     · LIMIT -, +

It is used to set the servo's "Trim position".                                             The function supports the adjustment of servo's maximum travel amount for +,- direction.
Touch "SET" icon then the values of CENTER and TRIM are activated in red. Adjust TRIM      Even the default value is 150%, the travel amount is limited to 100% that is programmed at
values with INC and DEC buttons and touch "SET" icon again to deactivate the value. Touch  SERVO EPA of transmitter so 100%~150% range cannot be programmed and under 100%
INC button to move the cursor to "LIMIT -"                                                 range can be only programmed at " LIMIT­". Only if SERVO EPA of transmitter is set to
                                                                                           "150%", you can set below 150% at LIMIT- value. Touch "SET" icon to activate the value in
NOTICE: When TRIM value is adjusted, the default value of CENTER, 1500usec, is automati-   red and adjust the value with INC and DEC buttons. Touch "SET" icon again to deactivate the
cally set and the trim setup value is added to 1500usec.                                   value and touch INC button to move the cursor to "PERIOD".

                                                                                                  Touch

       Touch

Touch                                                                                      Touch

       Touch                                                                                      Touch

Touch                                                                                      Touch  Touch

                                                                                                     55
· PERIOD                                                                                    - RX FAIL SAFE

It is used to set the speed of receiver's output signal.                                    · OUTPUT CH/ INPUT CH
Touch "SET" icon to activate the default value, 20msec, in red and set the value to 10msec
with INC and DEC buttons. Touch "SET" icon again to deactivate the value and touch ENT      You may edit and adjust transmitter channel which is connected with a receiver using "OUT-
button to call "RX FAIL SAFE" setup page                                                    PUT CH" and "INPUT CH". Receiver CH1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6 are connected to the same channels of
                                                                                            transmitter as the default and you may edit the channel connection of receiver and transmitter.
                                                                                            Since OUTPUT CH is changed if INPUT CH would be changed, we recommend that you would
                                                                                            change INPUT CH.
                                                                                            Touch INC button to move the cursor to "INPUT CH" and touch "SET" icon to activate the value
                                                                                            in red then select the channel to be connected to "OUTPUT CH" with INC and DEC buttons.
                                                                                            Touch "SET" icon again to deactivate the value. Touch INC button to move the cursor to
                                                                                            "MODE"

                                                                   Touch

                                                                                            Touch

Touch

                                                                                                   Touch

                                                                   Touch                    Touch

                                                            Touch                                  Touch

56
Touch

· MODE                                                                                      · F.S.POS

It is used to select the failsafe type. "HOLD" is basically set in all the channels.        It is used to decide the servo's position when FAIL SAFE function is activated.
Touch "SET" icon to activate the value in red then you may select HOLD or OFF or FAIL SAFE  Touch "SET" icon to activate the value in red and adjust the value with INC and DEC buttons.
with INC and DEC buttons. After selecting one of HOLD, OFF and FAIL SAFE, touch "SET"       Touch "SET" icon again to deactivate the value. Touch INC button to move the cursor to
icon again to deactivate the value. Touch INC button to move the cursor to "F.S.POS"        "DELAY"

Touch  Touch                                                                                Touch  Touch
Touch                                                                                       Touch
       Touch                                                                                       Touch
       Touch
                                                                                                      57
· DELAY                                                                                       · FAIL SAFE ALL

It is used to set the time delay. The failsafe will delay for the setup time.                 This function allows that all failsafe position for every channel can be set at a time without the
Touch "SET" icon to activate the value in red and adjust the value with INC and DEC buttons.  use of F.S.POS function. Notice that MODE of all channels should be set to FAIL SAFE.
Touch "SET" icon again to deactivate the value. Touch INC button to move the cursor to "FAIL  Touch "SET" icon to activate the value, NO, in red and move and hold the throttle stick to
SAFE ALL"                                                                                     the desired position for FAIL SAFE operation position. Touch "SET" icon then that position is
                                                                                              assigned to FAIL SAFE operation position and the relevant value is displayed in F.S.POS line.
                                                                                              The servo that is connected to receiver is operated to the set position of FAIL SAFE when
                                                                                              transmitter is turned off Touch INC button to move the cursor to "POSITION"

                                                                                              · POSITION

                                                                                              You may check the operation range of transmitter's stick which is connected with "INPUT CH".
                                                                                              Touch "ENT" icon on the right to access to the next page, "RX FREE MIXER".

                                                                   Touch

Touch

                                                                                              Touch  Touch

                                                                   Touch

                                                            Touch                             Touch

58
- RX FREE MIXER                                                                              · MASTER CH

This function is used to correct the unintended movement of airplane during the flight by    You may set the master channel of FREE MIXER.
mixing master channel and slave channel.                                                     Touch "SET" icon to activate the value in red and select the master channel number with INC
                                                                                             and DEC buttons. Touch "SET" icon again to deactivate the value. Touch INC button to move
· MIXER                                                                                      the cursor to "SLAVE CH"
You may decide MIXER number that you want to set. Touch "SET" icon to activate the value in
red and select MIXER number with INC and DEC buttons. Touch "SET" icon again to deacti-
vate the value. Touch INC button to move the cursor to "MASTER CH"

Touch  Touch                                                                                 Touch  Touch
Touch  Touch                                                                                 Touch  Touch

                                                                                             · SLAVE CH

                                                                                             You may set the salve channel of FREE MIXER.
                                                                                             Touch "SET" icon to activate the value in red and select the slave channel number with INC
                                                                                             and DEC buttons. Touch "SET" icon again to deactivate the value. Touch INC button to move
                                                                                             the cursor to "S-TRAVEL-"

                                                                                                                                                                                                         59
       Touch                                                                                Touch  Touch
       Touch                                                                                Touch  Touch
                                                                                            Touch  Touch
Touch                                                                                       Touch  Touch

· "S-TRAVEL -, +"

It is used to set the mix operation range of SLAVE CH.
Touch "SET" icon to activate the value in red and select the slave channel number with INC
and DEC buttons. Touch "SET" icon again to deactivate the value. If you operate the master
channel, the slave channel is operated within the setup range at the same time. Touch INC
button to move the cursor to "TAIL TYPE"

60
· TAIL TYPE                                                                                      - RX CURVE

You may select the appropriate tale type for the airplane that you use                           It is used to set the curve of CH2, CH3, and CH4 and 3 types of A, B, and C are selectable.
Touch "SET" icon to activate the value in red and select the appropriate tale type with INC and
DEC buttons. Touch "SET" icon again to deactivate the value. Touch "ENT" icon on the right to    > A type : Sensitive operating
access to the next page, "RX CURVE",                                                             > B type : Normal operating
                                                                                                 > C type : smooth operating

                                                                                                 The default, B type is set and it is very similar with "EXP" function of transmitter. You may
                                                                                                 transfer the cursor, >, with INC and DEC buttons and can select the desired category.
                                                                                                 Touch "SET" icon to activate the value in red and select the channel and type with INC and
                                                                                                 DEC buttons. Touch "SET" icon again to deactivate the value. If you operate the master chan-
                                                                                                 nel, the slave channel is operated within the setup range at the same time. Touch "ENT" icon
                                                                                                 on the right to access to the next page, "RX SERVO TEST",

       Touch                                                                                            Touch

Touch

                                                                                                 Touch

       Touch                                                                                            Touch

Touch                                                                                                      61

                                                                                                 Touch
                                                                                                   Touch "SET" icon again to deactivate the value. If you operate the master channel, the slave
                                                                                                   channel is operated within the setup range at the same time. Touch INC button to move the
                                                                                                   cursor to "ALARM VOLT",

       Touch

Touch                                                                                                     Touch
Touch
                                                                                                   Touch

       Touch

                                                                                                          Touch

                                                                                                   Touch

- RX SERVO TEST                                                                                    Touch  Touch
                                                                                                   Touch  Touch
This function allows servo operation to be tested and program the receiver's power voltage, the
alarm for the maximum/minimum temperature of receiver and the channel out type of receiver.

· ALL-MAX/ ALL-MIN/ TEST

The travel amount for servo test is decided for the setup value of ALL-MAX and ALL-MIN
Touch "SET" icon to activate the value of ALL-MAX and ALL-MIN in red and adjust the value with
INC and DEC buttons. Touch "SET" icon again to deactivate the value. Transfer the cursor to
TEST line and touch "SET" icon to activate the value, STOP, in red. Now, switch to START with
INC and DEC buttons and touch "SET" icon again to deactivate the value then all servos con-
nected to receiver are slowly operated within the setup. if you set to STOP by touching "SET" and
"INC/DEC" icons, all servos stop operating. Touch INC button to move the cursor to "TAIL TYPE"

62
       Touch  · ALARM VOLT

              It is the low voltage alarm setup for receiver power battery. Transmitter sounds an alarm
              throughout telemetry technology when the battery of receiver reaches the low voltage limit.
              Touch "SET" icon to activate the value in red and adjust the value with INC and DEC buttons.
              Touch "SET" icon again to deactivate the value. Touch INC button to move the cursor to
              "ALARM TEMP+"

Touch  Touch  Touch  Touch
Touch  Touch  Touch  Touch
Touch
Touch

                     63
· ALARM TEMP +/-                                                                                     Touch

It is the alarm setup for the maximum/minimum temperature of receiver. Transmitter sounds
an alarm throughout telemetry technology when the temperature of receiver reaches the
temperature limits.
Touch "SET" icon to activate the value in red and adjust the value with INC and DEC buttons.
Touch "SET" icon again to deactivate the value. Touch INC button to move the cursor to "CH
OUT TYPE"

                                                                                              Touch

                                                                    Touch

                                                             Touch  Touch                     - CH OUT TYPE
                                                                    Touch
                                                            Touch                             It is used to set the type of receiver's signal output and it consists of ONCE, SAME, SUMO 12,
                                                                                              SUMI, and SUMD HD12.
                                                            Touch
                                                                                              > ONCE : This type is applied to the analog servo. "20msec" is automatically set to PERIOD in
64                                                                                                          RX SERVO setup

                                                                                              > SAME : This type is usually applied to the digital servo. You need to "10 ~ 20msec" to
                                                                                                           PERIOD. In case that the analog servo is connected, you need to set "20msec" to
                                                                                                           PERIOD.

                                                                                              > SUMI : T he receiver set to SUMI take the output signal from the receiver set to SUMO and
                                                                                                          outputs the signal.

                                                                                              > SUMO : O nly the selected channel outputs the signal of all channels of receiver. In case that
                                                                                                            1 receiver is set to SUMO and the other receiver is set to SUMI and then they are
                                                                                                            connected in ex code, the receiver set to SUMI take the output signal from the re-
                                                                                                            ceiver set to SUMO and it is operated at the same time. The final channel of receiver
                                                                                                            is the output channel of SUMO, but you may change to the desired channel.

                                                                                              > SUMD HD : The digital output signal of all channels in receiver is outputted from the select-
                                                                                                                 ed channel. It is used to the product that needs the receiver digital signal such
                                                                                                                 as Power box and Flybarless system. The factory default for SUMD HD output
                                                                                                                 channel is the last channel of receiver, but you may change it
Touch "SET" icon to activate the value in red and select the desired type with INC and DEC                   Touch
buttons. Touch "SET" icon again to deactivate the value. Touch INC button to move the cursor
to "CH OUT TYPE" In order to set for CH OUT TYPE, touch "INC" icon to move the cursor to              Touch
CH OUT TYPE and then touch the "SET" icon. Now, "SAME" in CH OUT TYPE is activated in
a red. When it is activated, touch the INC or DEC icons to select the desirable receiver type
and then touch the "SET" icon to remove the cursor. The set type of receiver is activated.
When you select SUMO 8 and SUMD HD8 and try to select the different output channel,
touch "SET" icon to activate the channel number in red then select the desired channel with
INC and DEC buttons. Touch "SET" icon again to deactivate the value. Now, the selected
channel outputs PPM signal.

Touch  Touch                                                                                                                                               Touch
Touch  Touch
Touch                                                                                          14-3. SENSOR SELECT

                                                                                               This function is used to program telemetry sensor that is connected to HoTT receiver.
                                                                                               You should select the sensor first to use and program the function such as voice function,
                                                                                               warning and the telemetry data information.
                                                                                               Touch ">>" icon in SENSOR SELECT line then RECEIVER, GENERAL MODULE, ELECTRIC
                                                                                               AIR, MOD, VARIO MODULE, GPS, and ESC are displayed. RECEIVER is set to ON, the
                                                                                               others are set to OFF by default.
                                                                                               To select the sensor, touch "OFF" icon to switch to "ON" then voice function, warning and
                                                                                               the telemetry data information are available. After the sensor selection is completed, touch
                                                                                               "BACK" icon to return to the previous page.

       Touch                                                                                   Touch         Touch

                                                                                                                              65
    Touch                                                                             14-5. VOCIE TRIGGER

14-4. RF STATUS VIEW                                                                  It is used to program the sensors related with voice function. REPEAT, TRIG, VARIO, TRANS-
                                                                                      SMITTER, RECEIVER are available by default and the optional sensors could be attached. If
It shows RF status between transmitter and receiver throughout telemetry function     the optional sensor is connected, it is need to add the optional sensor at SENSOR SELECT
Touch ">>" icon in RF STATUS VIEW line then the indication to show the RF connection  mode then new category in VOICE TRIGGER is created. The useable sensors are GENERAL
status is displayed by graph.                                                         MODULE, ELECTRIC AIR MODULE, VARIO MODULE, GPS, AIR ESC
                                                                                      Touch ">>" icon in VOICE TRIGGER line to call "VOICE TRIGGER" setup page.

                                                                                      - REPEAT

                                                                                      You may set the time and select the switch. If the switch is on, one of voice functions is
                                                                                      repeated for the setup time.
                                                                                      Touch the value, "01s", in blue and adjust the repeat time with INC and DEC buttons. Touch
                                                                                      "NULL" icon to call the "Select" message popup. Move the switch or volume with your choice
                                                                                      then that switch or volume is designated as on/ off key and then the key direction setup
                                                                                      page appears. You may select ON or OFF by touching icons. When the key is moved to the
                                                                                      direction of ON, the function is operated. Touch "BACK" icon to return to "VOICE TRIGGER"
                                                                                      setup page.

                  Touch

                                                                                                    Touch

           Touch                                                                      Touch

                                                                                                           Touch

                                                                                             Touch

66
              Touch                                                                                                                      Touch
                                                                                               Touch

Touch

- TRIG                                                                                         - VARIO

You may designate the switch for the voice functions of transmitter, receiver and sensor. The  It is used to set "on/off" switch for the voice function of Vario module.
next voice function is came in turn whenever the switch is on/off                              To set VARIO, touch "NULL" icon to call the "Select" message popup. Move the switch or
To set TRIGGER, touch "NULL" icon to call the "Select" message popup. Move the switch or       volume with your choice then that switch or volume is designated as on/ off key and then the
volume with your choice then that switch or volume is designated as on/ off key and then the   key direction setup page appears. You may select ON or OFF by touching icons. When the
key direction setup page appears. You may select ON or OFF by touching icons. When the         key is moved to the direction of ON, the function is operated. Touch "BACK" icon to return to
key is moved to the direction of ON, the function is operated. Touch "BACK" icon to return to  "VOICE TRIGGER" setup page.
"VOICE TRIGGER" setup page.
If the switch that has spring such as S2 is designated as TRIG switch, On/Off operation is
easier and convenient

       Touch                                                                                   Touch

                                                                                                                                                67
                                  Touch                        Touch

                           Touch

                                                               - RECEIVER

                                                                VOICE TEMP, STRENGTH, RX VOLT, LOW VOLT 4 VOICE 
                                                                 .
                                                               RECIVER  RECIVER >>  RECIVER  .
                                                               RECIVER  TEMP, STRENGTH, RX VOLT, LOW VOLT 4 RECIVER VOICE
                                                                   .       
                                                                 RECIVER VOICE  . RECIVER  
                                                               BACK  VOICE TRIGGER  .

- TRANSSMITTER                                                               Touch

 VOICE TX VOLT, MODEL TIME, BATT TIME, TIMER 1, TIMER 2, CUR-         Touch
RENT TIME 6 VOICE   .
TRANSSMITTER  TRANSSMITTER >> TRANSSMITTER 
 . TRANSSMITTER  TX VOLT, MODEL TIME, BATT TIME, TIMER
1, TIMER 2, CURRENT TIME 6 TRANSSMITTER VOICE   
 .          TRANSSMIT-
TER VOICE  . TRANSSMITTER   BACK 
VOICE TRIGGER  .

                                                               Touch

                    Touch         Touch

68
- GENERAL MOD                                                                                     Touch

GENERAL MODUL  VOICE CELL1, CELL2, CELL3, CELL4, CELL5, CELL6, S1-                         Touch
VOLT, S2-VOLT, S1-TEMP, S2-TEMP, RPM, ALT, CURRENT, POWER, CAP 15 GENERAL
MOD VOICE   .
GENERAL MOD  GENERAL MOD >>  GENERAL MOD 
 . GENERAL MOD   CELL1, CELL2, CELL3, CELL4, CELL5,
CELL6, S1-VOLT, S2-VOLT, S1-TEMP, S2-TEMP, RPM, ALT, CURRENT, POWER, CAP 15
 GENERAL MOD VOICE    .    
      GENERAL MOD VOICE  .
GENERAL MOD   BACK  VOICE TRIGGER 
 .

                                                                             Touch

                      Touch

               Touch                                                         - VARIO MOD
Touch
                                                                             VARIO MODUL  VOICE ALTITUD, MAX ALT, MIN ALT 3 VARIO MOD
                                                                             VOICE   .
                                                                             VARIO MOD  VARIO MOD >>  VARIO MOD  
                                                                             . VARIO MOD   ALTITUD, MAX ALT, MIN ALT 3 VARIO MOD VOICE
                                                                                 .       
                                                                               VARIO MOD VOICE  . VARIO MOD  
                                                                              BACK  VOICE TRIGGER  .

- ELEC MOD                                                                                        Touch

ELECTRIC MODUL  VOICE C1L, C2L, C3L, C4L, C5L, C6L, C7L, C1H, C2H,                  Touch
C3H, C4H, C5H, C6H, C7H, BV1, BV2, BT1, BT2, ALT, CUR, POW, CAP 22 ELEC MOD
VOICE   .
ELEC MOD  ELEC MOD >>  ELEC MOD  
. ELEC MOD   C1L, C2L, C3L, C4L, C5L, C6L, C7L, C1H, C2H, C3H, C4H,
C5H, C6H, C7H, BV1, BV2, BT1, BT2, ALT, CUR, POW, CAP 22 ELEC MOD VOICE
   .        
  ELEC MOD VOICE  . ELEC MOD  
BACK  VOICE TRIGGER  .

                                                                                                                                        69
                                  Touch                        Touch

                           Touch

                                                               - RECEIVER

                                                                VOICE TEMP, STRENGTH, RX VOLT, LOW VOLT 4 VOICE 
                                                                 .
                                                               RECIVER  RECIVER >>  RECIVER  .
                                                               RECIVER  TEMP, STRENGTH, RX VOLT, LOW VOLT 4 RECIVER VOICE
                                                                   .       
                                                                 RECIVER VOICE  . RECIVER  
                                                               BACK  VOICE TRIGGER  .

- TRANSSMITTER                                                               Touch

 VOICE TX VOLT, MODEL TIME, BATT TIME, TIMER 1, TIMER 2, CUR-         Touch
RENT TIME 6 VOICE   .
TRANSSMITTER  TRANSSMITTER >> TRANSSMITTER 
 . TRANSSMITTER  TX VOLT, MODEL TIME, BATT TIME, TIMER
1, TIMER 2, CURRENT TIME 6 TRANSSMITTER VOICE   
 .          TRANSSMIT-
TER VOICE  . TRANSSMITTER   BACK 
VOICE TRIGGER  .

                                                               Touch

                    Touch         Touch

70
- GENERAL MOD                                                                                     Touch

GENERAL MODUL  VOICE CELL1, CELL2, CELL3, CELL4, CELL5, CELL6, S1-                         Touch
VOLT, S2-VOLT, S1-TEMP, S2-TEMP, RPM, ALT, CURRENT, POWER, CAP 15 GENERAL
MOD VOICE   .
GENERAL MOD  GENERAL MOD >>  GENERAL MOD 
 . GENERAL MOD   CELL1, CELL2, CELL3, CELL4, CELL5,
CELL6, S1-VOLT, S2-VOLT, S1-TEMP, S2-TEMP, RPM, ALT, CURRENT, POWER, CAP 15
 GENERAL MOD VOICE    .    
      GENERAL MOD VOICE  .
GENERAL MOD   BACK  VOICE TRIGGER 
 .

                                                                             Touch

                      Touch

               Touch                                                         - VARIO MOD
Touch
                                                                             VARIO MODUL  VOICE ALTITUD, MAX ALT, MIN ALT 3 VARIO MOD
                                                                             VOICE   .
                                                                             VARIO MOD  VARIO MOD >>  VARIO MOD  
                                                                             . VARIO MOD   ALTITUD, MAX ALT, MIN ALT 3 VARIO MOD VOICE
                                                                                 .       
                                                                               VARIO MOD VOICE  . VARIO MOD  
                                                                              BACK  VOICE TRIGGER  .

- ELEC MOD                                                                                        Touch

ELECTRIC MODUL  VOICE C1L, C2L, C3L, C4L, C5L, C6L, C7L, C1H, C2H,                  Touch
C3H, C4H, C5H, C6H, C7H, BV1, BV2, BT1, BT2, ALT, CUR, POW, CAP 22 ELEC MOD
VOICE   .
ELEC MOD  ELEC MOD >>  ELEC MOD  
. ELEC MOD   C1L, C2L, C3L, C4L, C5L, C6L, C7L, C1H, C2H, C3H, C4H,
C5H, C6H, C7H, BV1, BV2, BT1, BT2, ALT, CUR, POW, CAP 22 ELEC MOD VOICE
   .        
  ELEC MOD VOICE  . ELEC MOD  
BACK  VOICE TRIGGER  .

                                                                                                                                        71
     Touch                                                                                   - ESC MOD

- GPS MOD                                                                                    You may decide the voice functions of ESC MOD to use or not to use. 4 voice functions, RPM,
You may decide the voice functions of GPS MOD to use or not to use. 4 voice functions,       CURRENT, POWER-V, and CAPACITY, are available.
SPEED, DISTANCE, ALTITUDE, and DIRECTION, are available.                                     Touch ">>" icon to call the ESC MOD setup page. All the functions are marked with red dot
Touch ">>" icon to call the GPS MOD setup page. All the functions are marked with red dot    by default in the page. Touch the function icon that you don't want to use then the red dot
by default in the page. Touch the function icon that you don't want to use then the red dot  is switched to white dot. The functions marked with white dot are edited out from the voice
is switched to white dot. The functions marked with white dot are edited out from the voice  functions. Touch "BACK" icon to return to VOICE TRIGGER setup page.
functions. Touch "BACK" icon to return to VOICE TRIGGER setup page.
                                                                                                                   Touch

                                                                                                            Touch
                                                                                             Touch

           Touch  Touch

    Touch                                                                                    14-6. DISPLAY SETUP FOR TELEMETRY SENSOR

                                                                                             All telemetry indication of the sensors are displayed at the receiver telemetry page.
                                                                                             Connect option sensors to receiver and access to the sensor select setup page by course of
                                                                                             page transfer.
                                                                                             Touch "OFF" icon of the connected sensors to switch to "ON" at the sensor select setup page.
                                                                                             After that, return to the receiver telemetry page. You may check all telemetry indication here
                                                                                             and access to the next page by touching "NEXT" icon on the top left

72
                                       Touch                     Touch         Touch
                Touch
                                                                                             Telemetry

                                                                                      Touch

         Touch                                   TTeoleumcehtry         Touch
Touch                                         Touch
                                                                                      Touch

                Touch                                                                 Touch

Touch

                                                                                                        73
Touch  Touch

                                                                                                                                 Touch

                                                                                                Touch                                   Telemetry

                                                                                                1-1 NEW

                                                                                                This function is used when you wish to create new Q.LINK. If you may want to set for new
                                                                                                Q.LINK, touch the value in "Q.LINK" line to activate it in blue and touch "NEW" icon in the
                                                                                                right to call "CTRL" and "DELAY" options. In "CTRL" setup, touch "NULL" icon to call "Select"
                                                                                                message popup and move the switch or stick with your choice then the switch or stick is set
                                                                                                to Q.LINK switch or stick. To set "DELAY" function, touch "0.0s" icon to activate in blue and
                                                                                                set the delay time with "INC" and "DEC" buttons. DELAY indicates the time till Q.LINK start to
                                                                                                work after Q.LINK is switched on

                                                                                                                                                   Touch

   FUNCTION MENU (Airplane, Gilder)                                                             Touch
                                                                                                                          Touch
 1. Q.LINK

This function is used to set Q.LINK and assign the corresponding switch to cope with the un-
expected trouble situation. Since the adjusted value is activated by moving the switch and you
can cope with the crisis with just one switch. It makes you operating the flight much easier.
Q.LINK for airplane type consists of 8 types. (NORMAL, IDEL UP1, IDLE UP2, IDEL UP3,
HOLD, Q.LINK6, Q.LINK7, Q.LINK8) Normal type is set as a default value.

In the transmitter main page, touch "Function" icon to call the Function page and touch
"Q.LINK" icon to call Q.LINK setup page. Q.LINK list is displayed. "1.NORMAL" is the default
value and it cannot be changed.

74
                                                       Touch                                           Touch                               Touch
             Touch                                                                                                   Touch
Touch
                                                                                                                                            Touch
                                                              Touch                                           Touch
                                                                                                              Touch                      75

1-2 NAM                                                                                         Touch

It is used when to revise the name of "Q.LINK". Touch the target value in "Q.LINK" to activate
in blue. Now touch "NAM" icon to call NAM setup page. In the page, enter the desired name
using the keypad. After that, touch "EN" icon then the revised name is displayed in "New
Q.LINK Name". Now, touch "BACK" icon on the left top left to call "Q.LINK" setup page and
the revised name is stored at the corresponding Q.LINK.
1-3 CPY

CPY function is used to copy the preset Q.LINK setup data into another Q.LINK. Touch the
desired entry in "Q.LINK" line to activate in blue. Touch "CPY" icon to call "COPY" message
popup. Touch the entry in TARGET then all entry in TARGET are displayed in turn. Now,
select the desired Q.LINK entry and touch "YES" icon then the preset data is saved into the
selected Q.LINK entry and return to Q.LINK setup page.

                                                                                                    Touch                                                              Touch

Touch                Touch

       Touch                                                                                        1-5 NEXT
                                                                                                    If you touch "NEXT" icon, you may call the next page
              Touch
                                                                                                                                                                Touch

1-4 DEL                                                                                             2. D/R, EXP
It is used to delete the unused Q.LINK. Touch the entry in Q.LINIK line that you want to delete to
activate in blue and touch "DEL" icon. Now, the selected Q.LINK entry is deleted in Q.LINK list     D/R function is used to adjust Servo travel amount that is connected to all channels including
                                                                                                    aileron, elevator and rudder channels. You can assign them to numerous switches and sticks
76                                                                                                  EXP function is used to set D/R function to aileron, elevator and rudder channels and adjust
                                                                                                    the sensitivity of natural position of every channel. Positive Exponential reduces the control
                                                                                                    sensitivity of neutral position for more precise control and negative exponential increase the
                                                                                                    control sensitivity of neutral position D/R, EXP function can be operated with the assigned
                                                                                                    switch or connected to Q.LINK for purpose In the function page, touch "D/R, EXP" icon to call
                                                                                                    D/R, EXP setup page. Touch D/R or EXP icon to activate in blue and perform D/R or EXP
                                                                                                    programming setup with "INC" and "DEC".
Touch                                             Touch                    Touch
               Telemetry
                                                             Touch  After "D/R", "EXP" setup, perform CTL setup. It is used to assign a switch to D/R, EXP
                                           Touch  Touch             function Touch "NULL" icon in CTL line to call "Select" message popup and move the switch
                                                                    that you want to use then that switch is set on/ off to switch and the switch direction setup
                                           Touch                    page appears. You may select ON or OFF by touching icons. When the switch is moved to the
                                           Touch                    direction of ON, the function is operated. Touch "Back" icon to return D/R, EXP setup page.
                                                                    When D/R, EXP switch is off, D/R, EX is returned to the default setup.
                                                                    If you want to use stick instead of switch for "D/R", "EXP" function, Touch SW6 in CTL line to
                                                                    call "Select" message popup and move the stick with your choice then that stick is selected
                                                                    as on/ off stick and the stick direction setup page appears. In the direction setup page, move
                                                                    the stick to the position that you can comfortably reach, when the stick reach this position,
                                                                    D/R, EXP function is off. Touch "ENT" icon on the right bottom then the designated position is
                                                                    marked with the red or blue bar in the graph and the value of set position is displayed in POS.
                                                                    If you touch REVERSE in "DIR" line, all setup is reversed.
                                                                    To set "ON" or "OFF" at the both end of stick operation range, touch "SINGLE" icon to change
                                                                    to "DUAL" then D/R, EXP function is on or off at the both end of stick operation range. You
                                                                    may set ELEV and RUDD channel in the same way. We recommend to set 5~12 channels to
                                                                    Q.LINK since they don't have on/off setup in D/R, EXP. When the setting is completed, touch
                                                                    "BACK" icon to return the function page.

                                                         Touch

                                                                    Touch

                                                                                  77
                                                        Touch

Touch

                                                                      Touch

                                     Touch                                                        Touch
                                                 Touch
                                                                                           Touch
78
                                                                      Touch

                                                                                    Touch

                                                                             Touch                         Touch
                                                                                                  Touch

                                                               Touch
                                Telemetry                                                        Touch                                         Touch
                                                                                                 Telemetry
3. Wing MIX                                                                                                                                      A (RATE) B
                                                                                                       Touch                                   Touch
Wing MIX consists of various mixing functions which are essential to fly. There are three types
mix, RUDD>>AILE", "AILE>>RUDD", and "RUDD>>ELEV"                                                 A (RATE) B                                    A (RATE) B
                                                                                                                                 Touch                              Touch
In FUNCTION page, touch "Wing MIX" icon to call "Wing MIX" setup page. Touch "INH" icon in
"ACT" line to switch to ON and touch ">>" icon in "SET" line to call "SET" page. In "SET" page,                                         Touch
you may adjust the travel amount of slave channel for the master channel operation. Touch
and activate the values in LEFT and RIGHT line and adjust the mixing value with "INC" and        A (RATE) B                                    A (RATE) B
"DEC" buttons. The programmed values are indicated in the left graph. Touch "BACK" icon to                                       Touch
return to "Wing MIX" setup page. Now, you need to set CTL function. Touch "On" icon to call
"Select" message popup then move the switch with your choice then that switch is designat-
ed as on/ off switch and then the switch direction setup page appears. You may select ON
or OFF by touching icons. When the switch is moved to the direction of ON, the function is
operated. Touch "BACK" icon to return to "Wing MIX" setup page.

If you want to use stick instead of switch for "Wing MIX" function, Touch SW6 in CTL line to
call "Select" message popup and move the stick with your choice then that stick is selected as
on/ off stick and the stick direction setup page appears. In the direction setup page, move the
stick to the position that you can comfortably reach, when the stick reach this position, "Wing
MIX" function is off. Touch "ENT" icon on the right bottom then the designated position is
marked with the red or blue bar in the graph and the value of set position is displayed in POS.
If you touch REVERSE in "DIR" line, all setup is reversed.
To set "ON" or "OFF" at the both end of stick operation range, touch "SINGLE" icon to change
to "DUAL" then Wing MIX function is on or off at the both end of stick operation range.
When the setting is completed, touch "BACK" icon to return to the wing mix setup page and to
the function page.

                                                                                                                                                                           79
                                                Touch                                                           Touch  Touch
                                                                                                      Touch
                                                                                     Touch
                                          Touch                                                                                        Telemetry

                                                Touch                                                 4. THR,CRV

                                                                                               Touch  This function adjusts the throttle operation curve in relation to the movement of the throttle
                                                            Touch                                     stick for each condition
                                                                                                      Since the throttle curve is closely related with Q.LINK setup, Q.LINK setup should precede
80                                                                                                    THR.CRV setup.
                                                                                                      Call Q.LINK setup page and check Q.LINK setup is completed correctly and touch "BACK"
                                                                                                      icon to return FUNCTION page. (Refer to the manual on Q.LINK setup)
                           Touch

Touch

       Telemetry

                                 Telemetry                                                                                            Touch  Touch
                                                                                                                                      Touch
In FUNCTIOPN page, touch "THR.CRV" icon to call THR.CRV setup page. You need to mark               Touch                                     Touch
the point on graph first and then adjust the operation curve with "DEC", "INC", X-axis and Y-axis
buttons. Touch "ST OFF" to switch to "ST ON" then the throttle position line appears on graph.                                               Touch
Move throttle stick and place the line at the desired position between point "L" and "H" then                                                Touch
touch "ENT" icon on the bottom right. Now the new point is marked in graph. You can mark five
points between point "L" and "H" in the same way. Touch ST ON" to switch to "ST OFF" and                                                         81
complete the point setup. Now touch "DEC" or "INC" button to select point and touch X-axis or
Y-axis to activate and then touch DEC" or "INC" button to adjust the operation curve. Turn on
the preset Q.LINK switch then you may adjust the operation curve for every Q.LINK as well.
When the setting is completed, touch "BACK" icon to return to the function page.

                    Touch
       Telemetry

                                  Touch
                                                             Touch  Touch
                                                            Touch
                                                                           Touch
82
                                                                    Touch                                                                                                                           Telemetry

                                                                           5. Idle LOW

                                                                           It is used to lower the idle speed of the engine temporarily when airplane lands
                                                                           In FUNCTIOPN page, touch "Idle LOW" icon to call "Idle LOW" setup page and touch and
                                                                           switch "INH" in ACT line to "ON" then Idle LOW function is activated. Touch "ON" in CTL line
                                                                           to call "Select" message popup then move the switch with your choice then that switch is des-
                                                                           ignated as on/ off switch and then the switch direction setup page appears. You may select
                                                                           ON or OFF by touching icons. When the switch is moved to the direction of ON, the function is
                                                                           operated. Touch "BACK" icon to return to Idle LOW setup page. Now, you need to set the op-
                                                                           eration value of Idle LOW. Touch and activate the value in SET line and set the desired value
                                                                           with INC and DEC buttons. Touch "BACK" icon to return to FUNCTION page
                                                                           NOTICE: After setup Idle LOW, make sure to check the arrow direction of throttle channe

                                                                                             Touch

                                                                                                    Touch

                                                                                  Telemetry
Touch

       Touch                                         Telemetry

Touch                6. Prog.MIX

              Touch  Prog.MIX function is used to mix the different channels for diverse purpose. We recommend
                     you to use the same "On" switch with the one of Q.LINK. You may set the different program
Touch                mix function for each Q.LINK condition.
                     8 MIXs are available. The mixing method introduced here is divided into 2 type, liner mixing
       Touch         type and curve mixing type. 1~5 MIXs are liner mixing type and 6~8 MIX is curve mixing type.

                     6-1. Liner mixing type

                     In FUNCTION page, touch "Prog.MIX" icon to call the prog.mix page. Touch "INH" icon in ACT
                     line to switch to "ON" and touch "NONE" in MST line to call the mixing channel setup page.
                     Touch and activate "NONE" icon and select the desired channel for the master by touching.
                     Now, touch and activate the left "NONE" icon, it is for Slave channel, and select the desired
                     channel for the slave by touching. Touch "BACK" icon to return to Prog.MIX setup page. Touch
                     >> icon in SET line to call the program mixing setup page. Now, you need to set CTL function.

                     - CTL setup with a switch

                     Touch "NULL" icon in CTL line to call "Select" message popup then move the switch with your
                     choice then that switch is designated as on/ off switch and then the switch direction setup
                     page appears. You may select ON or OFF by touching icons. When the switch is moved to
                     the direction of ON, the function is operated. Touch "BACK" icon to return to Prog.MIX setup
                     page.

                     - CTL setup with a stick

                     Touch "SW6" icon in CTL line to call "Select" message popup then move the stick with your
                     choice then that stick is designated as on/ off stick and then the stick direction setup page
                     appears. Move the stick to the position that you can comfortably reach, when the stick reach
                     this position, Prog.MIX function is off.

                                                                                                                                  83
Touch "ENT" icon on the right bottom then the designated position is marked with the red or     Touch                                                                                       Touch
blue bar in the graph and the value of set position is displayed in POS. If you touch REVERSE
in "DIR" line, all setup is reversed. To set "ON" or "OFF" at the both end of stick operation                      ACT CTL                                          ACT CTL
range, touch "SINGLE" icon to switch to "DUAL" then Prog.MIX function is on or off at the both                      AB                                               AB
end of stick operation range. Touch "BACK" icon to return to the program mixing setup page.
                                                                                                                                          Touch  Touch
After CTL setup, you need to adjust the program mix operation value. Since the throttle chan-
nel is designated to the master channel, the operation value is displayed in A and B. Touch
and activate the values in blue to adjust the value with "DEC" and "INC" buttons, the setup
value is displayed in graph. OFFSET X/Y can be set the same method and the setup value is
displayed as well.

                                     Touch

Touch

                          Telemetry

       Touch

                                            Touch                                               Touch

                   Touch                                                                        ACT CTL                                          ACT CTL
                                                                                                 AB                                               AB
84
                                     Touch                                                                             Touch
                                                       ACT CTL                               ACT CTL
                                                        AB                                    AB

                                                Touch        Touch                                          Touch
                                                                                                            Touch
                                                                   1                                     1
                                                       ACT CTL
                                                        AB                                   ACT CTL
                                                                                              AB
                                                                              Touch
Touch                           Touch                                                 Touch             1
                      Touch                                       1
Touch                                                  ACT CTL                               ACT CTL
          ACT CTL                                       AB                                    AB
           A Touch B
                                       ACT CTL                                 Touch                     1
                                        AB                        1
                                                       ACT CTL                               ACT CTL
                                                        AB                                    AB

                                                Touch                         Touch                         Touch

                                                                                                            85
                              Touch                                                            Touch "PITT >> RUDD" icon in the function page to call PIT >> RUDD setup page. You need
                                                                                               to mark the point on graph first and then adjust the operation curve with "DEC", "INC", X-axis
ACT CTL                              ACT  CTL                                                  and Y-axis buttons. Touch "ST OFF" icon to switch to "ST ON" then the pitch position line
 AB                                   A    B                                                   appears on graph. Move throttle stick and place the line at the desired position between point
                                                                                               "L" and "H" then touch "ENT" icon on the bottom right. Now the new point is marked in graph.
                       Touch                                                                   Touch ST ON" to switch to "ST OFF" and complete the point setup. Now touch "DEC" or "INC"
                                                                                               button to select point and touch X-axis or Y-axis to activate and then touch DEC" or "INC"
                                                                                               button to adjust the operation curve.

                                                                                                                       Touch

                                                                                                                              Touch

                                 Telemetry                                                                                    Touch

6-2. Curve mixing type                                                                                          Touch                Touch
                                                                                               Touch
In the prog.mix page, touch "NEXT" icon to call the next page and touch "INH" icon in the
cross line of NO7 and ACT to switch to "ON". Touch "NONE" in MST line to access the
channel selection page and touch and activate "NONE" icon to select the desired channel of
MST and SLV. Touch "BACK" icon to return to the prog.mix page. Touch ">>" icon to call the
program mixing setup page. Now, you need to set CTL function.

- CTL setup with a switch
Touch "ON" icon in CTL line to call "Select" message popup then move the switch with your
choice then that switch is designated as on/ off switch and then the switch direction setup
page appears. You may select ON or OFF by touching icons. When the switch is moved to the
direction of ON, the function is operated. Touch "BACK" icon to return to the program mixing
setup page.

- CTL setup with a stick
Hoping that you would refer the explanation as explained above

Here, you need to set the operation value, "L" and "H" points are set by default and you need
to mark 5 points between "L" and "H" on graph first and then adjust the operation curve with
"DEC", "INC", X-axis and Y-axis buttons. Touch "ST OFF" icon to switch to "ST ON" then
the blue line appears on graph. Move the designated switch or stick to place the line at the
desired position then touch "ENT" icon on the bottom right. Now the new point is marked in
graph. You may set five points in your favorable position.
86
                     Touch

       Touch

                            Touch                  Touch
                                                   Touch
              Touch                                Touch
                                                   Touch
Touch                                       Touch         Touch
                            Touch
                                                                      87
            Touch  Touch                                                                        Touch                       Touch
Touch              Touch                                                                                      Telemetry                                                      Touch
                                                                                                                                                                             Touch
                                                            Touch                                   Touch                                                                    Touch

7. Snap roll                                                                                                Touch

It is used to select the switch and adjust the value of AILE, ELEV, RUDD channels for the                            Touch
snap roll function. Four snap roll directions can be set for your convenience.
In function page, touch "Snap roll" icon to call the snap roll setup page. Touch "INH" icon
in ACT line to switch to ON. Touch and activate the value in AILE, ELEV and RUDD line to
adjust the values with "INC" and "DEC" buttons. Touch "NULL" icon in CTL line to call "Select"
message popup then move the switch with your choice then that switch is designated as on/
off switch and then the switch direction setup page appears. You may select ON or OFF by
touching icons. When the switch is moved to the direction of ON, the function is operated.
Touch "BACK" icon to return to Snap roll setup page and to FUNCTION page
88
Touch

                                                                                                                                   Touch             Touch
                                                                                                                                   Telemetry

                                                                                                                                              Touch                       Touch

     Touch                                                                                                                                                  Touch

                                                                                                                        Telemetry             Touch

8. Aile diff                                                                                                                                  Touch                Touch

This function decreases the amount an aileron moves down without affecting the amount the
other aileron moves up. This can decrease adverse yaw (right or left movement of the aircraft
nose) tendencies during roll maneuvers.
Touch "Aile diff" icon to call "Aile diff" setup page. The setup options are different for each
wing type. In "Aile diff" setup page, touch and activate the values in "RATE A" and "RATE B"
lines to adjust them with INC and DEC buttons. We recommend setting accurately over the
flight. Now, touch "Servo" icon on the left top to call SERVO VIEW page. In this page, you
may check the value for the aileron stick movement in a graph. Touch "BACK" icon to return to
the aile diff setup page and the function page.

                                                                                                                                                                                 89
Touch  Touch                                                                                                                                                           Touch
                                                                                                                                                                                  Touch
                                                                                                                        Telemetry                        Touch
                                                                                                                                            Telemetry
9. Flap MIX                                                                                                                        Touch

It consists of 4 mixing types, "FLAP", "AILE>>FLAP", "ELEV>>FLAP", and "FLAP>>ELEV".                                                        Telemetry

9-1. FLAP                                                                                                                          Touch

This function is used to adjust the flap angle to increase or decrease airplane lift                                                                            Touch  Touch
To setup the flap function, you need to designate on/off control key such as switch, stick and
volume. When you move the control key, the flap function is operated.
Touch "CH SET" in BASE page to call "CH SET" setup page. Touch "NONE" icon in FLAP 1
line to pop up "Select" message. Move the control key with your choice then that control key
is designated as on/ off key. Now, touch "SERVO" icon in the right top to call the servo view
page. The default value, 30%, for the travel amount of servo is displayed in the graph and
this function value can be adjusted. To adjust the function value, touch "Flap MIX" icon in the
function page to call Flap Mix page and touch ">>" icon in SET line to call the flap setup page.
Touch and activate the function value to adjust with INC and DEC buttons. Now, touch "SER-
VO" icon again to call the servo view page then you may check the setup value in this page.
After setup, touch "BACK" icon to return to Flap MIX page.

90
Touch                                                   Touch                               Touch
                                                      Touch
                                       Touch                          OFFSET     OFFSET
                          Telemetry                                       Touch      Touch

                                                                                 OFFSET

            Touch                             OFFSET           Touch  9-2. AILE >> FLAP
OFFSET                                        OFFSET           Touch
                                                                      This mixing allows the entire trailing edge of the wing (aileron and flap) to operate as ailerons.
OFFSET Touch                                                          When active, as aileron is applied the flaps also move so that the airplane rolls faster. In
                                                                      FLAP MIX page, touch "INH" icon in ACT line to switch to "ON" then AILE >>FLAP function is
                                                                      activated. Touch "ON" in CTL line to call the "Select" message popup and move the switch or
                                                                      stick or volume with your choice then that switch or stick or volume is designated as on/ off
                                                                      key and then the key direction setup page appears. You may select ON or OFF by touching
                                                                      icons. When the key is moved to the direction of ON, the function is operated. Touch "BACK"
                                                                      icon to return to FLAP MIX page. Touch ">>" icon in "SET" and "AILE >> FLAP" cross line to
                                                                      call "AILE >> FLAP" setup page. Touch and activate the values in blue and adjust them with
                                                                      INC and DEC buttons. When the setup is completed, touch SERVO icon on the top right to
                                                                      call SERVO page. You may check the setup value for "AILE >> FLAP".

                                                                                                                                                                                   91
                         Touch  Touch                                                                            Touch
                                                                                                                Touch
    Touch                                          Touch
                                                          Touch
             Touch                   Touch         Touch
                                Touch
92
                                            Touch
9-3. ELEV >> FLAP                                                                                    Touch          Touch
                                                                                                             Touch                         Touch
This mixing creates more lift of airplane, allowing a tighter turn. The entire trailing edge of the
wing (aileron and flap) operates as flaps when elevator is applied. Touch INH icon in ACT line                                             Touch
to switch to "ON" then ELEV >> FLAP is activated. Touch "ON" in CTL line to call the "Select"                                              Touch
message popup and move the switch or stick or volume with your choice then that switch or
stick or volume is designated as on/ off key and then the key direction setup page appears.                                              93
You may select ON or OFF by touching icons. When the key is moved to the direction of ON,
the function is operated. Touch "BACK" icon to return to FLAP MIX page. Touch ">>" icon in
"SET" and "ELEV >> FLAP" cross line to call "ELEV >> FLAP" setup page. You may call "
AILE" and "FLAP" setup page with NEXT button in the top right. Touch and activate the val-
ues in blue and adjust them with INC and DEC buttons. When the setup is completed, touch
SERVO icon on the top right to call SERVO page. You may check the setup value for "ELEV
>> FLAP".

Touch  Touch

                                                                                                     Touch

       Touch
                                  Touch

                           Touch

             Touch         Touch  9-4. FLAP >> ELEV
             Touch         Touch
                                  This mixing prevents the change of the nose of airplane that occurs when FLAP is applied
94                                by operating elevator In FLAP MIX page, touch "INH" icon in ACT line to switch to "ON" then
                                  FLAP >> ELEV function is activated. Touch "ON" in CTL line to call the "Select" message pop-
                                  up and move the switch or stick or volume with your choice then that switch or stick or volume
                                  is designated as on/ off key and then the key direction setup page appears. You may select
                                  ON or OFF by touching icons. When the key is moved to the direction of ON, the function
                                  is operated. Touch "BACK" icon to return to FLAP MIX page. Touch ">>" icon in "SET" and
                                  "FLAP >> ELEV" cross line to call "FLAP >> ELEV" setup page. Touch and activate the values
                                  in blue and adjust them with INC and DEC buttons. When the setup is completed, touch
                                  SERVO icon on the top right to call SERVO page. You may check the setup value for "FLAP
                                  >> ELEV". The preset set "FLAP" and the set "FLAP >> ELEV" are activated at the same time
                                  when SW5 which was set in "FLAP >> ELEV" is set to "ON".

                                         Touch       Touch
                                                Touch
                    Touch                       Touch
Touch                                               Touch
        Touch
        Touch  Touch                         Touch
                                      Touch

               Touch                         Flap mix Functions can be adjusted for each Q.LINK condition.
               Touch
                                             10. Flap sett (Airplane, Gilder)

                                             This mixing allows that the aileron, flap and elevator setups are applied at the same time by
                                             operating a switch.
                                             Touch "Flap sett" icon to access to the "Flap sett" setup page. The first page is AILE setup
                                             and you may access to FLAP and ELEV setup page by touching "NEXT" icon in the top right.
                                             Touch "INH" icon in ACT line to switch to "ON" and touch "ON" in CTL line to call the "Select"
                                             message popup. Move the switch or stick or volume with your choice then that switch or stick
                                             or volume is designated as on/ off key and then the key direction setup page appears. You
                                             may select ON or OFF by touching icons. When the key is moved to the direction of ON, the
                                             function is operated. Touch "BACK" icon to the previous page then touch and activate the
                                             values in blue and adjust them with "INC" and "DEC" buttons. After performing the program-
                                             ming setup of AILE and FLAP and ELEV in turn, touch SERVO icon on the top right to call
                                             SERVO page. You may check the setup value for Flap sett. When Tx and Ctl are set to DV1,
                                             DV2, DV3, DV4, SL1, and SL2 in advance, the setup values are applied by operating "DV" or
                                             "SL" while flying

                                                                                                                                                          95
                         Touch

                  Touch                                                                                  Touch
                                                                                                         Touch
Telemetry                                                                                                Touch
                                                                                                         Touch
           Touch

                                                                                                  Touch

                                                                                    Touch  Touch
                                          Touch
                                                                                                  Touch
             Touch

96
              Touch                                                                                                                touching "NEXT" icon in the top right. Touch "INH" icon in ACT line to switch to "ON" and touch
                                                                                                                                   "ON" in CTL line to call the "Select" message popup. Move the switch or stick or volume with
                                                                                                                                   your choice then that switch or stick or volume is designated as on/ off key and then the key
                                                                                                                                   direction setup page appears. You may select ON or OFF by touching icons. When the key
                                                                                                                                   is moved to the direction of ON, the function is operated. Touch "BACK" icon to the previous
                                                                                                                                   page then touch and activate the values in blue and adjust them with "INC" and "DEC" but-
                                                                                                                                   tons. After the programming setup of FLAP, ELEV and AIRBRAKE DELAY in turn, touch SER-
                                                                                                                                   VO icon on the top right to call SERVO page. You may check the setup value for Airbrake.

       Touch

                                                                                                                                          Telemetry                     Touch
                                                                                                                                                                 Touch
                                                                                                                                   Touch

Touch

                                                                                                                                                     TToouucchh

                                                                                                                        Telemetry                    Touch

11. Airbrake (Airplane)
This mixing is used when the airplane is need to land or descent vertically. Airbrake can be set
by AILE, FLAP and ELEV.
Touch "Airbrake" icon in the function setup page to call the airbrake setup page. The first page is
AILE setup and you may access to FLAP, ELEV and AIRBRAKE DELAY setup page by

                                                                                                                                                                               97
             Touch         Touch

             Touch  Touch                                                    Touch
                    Touch                                                    Touch
98
                    Touch         Touch                                      Touch
                    Touch                                             Touch
     Touch                                                                                                                                           Touch

                                                                                                                        Telemetry             Touch

12. Butterfly (Glider)                                                                                                             Telemetry

It is used in glider type only. This function allows powerful brake operation by simultaneously                                    Touch                    Touch
raising the left and right ailerons and lowering the flaps. Butterfly produces an extremely                                                                 Touch
efficient landing configuration by flying at a slower speed.                                                                       Touch
CAUTION: We recommend that you do several tests on high altitude to make the best use of                                                                    Touch
this function.
                                                                                                                                                               99
For the setup of butterfly function, touch "Butterfly" icon to access to the Butterfly setup page.
Touch "INH" icon to switch to "ON" to call the "Select" message popup and move the switch
or stick or volume with your choice then that switch or stick or volume is designated as on/ off
key and then the key direction setup page appears. You may select ON or OFF by touching
icons. When the key is moved to the direction of ON, the function is operated. Touch "BACK"
icon to return to the Butterfly setup page. The setup pages of AILE, FLAP, ELEV and BUT-
TERFLY OFF appear by touching "NEXT" button. AILE, FLAP values are activated in blue by
touching and adjusted with INC and DEC buttons. ELEV can be set with curve in the graph.
You need to mark the point on graph first and then adjust the operation curve with "DEC",
"INC", X-axis and Y-axis buttons. Touch "ST OFF" to change to "ST ON" then the throttle
position line appears on graph. Move throttle stick and place the line at the desired position
between point "L" and "H" then touch "ENT" icon on the bottom right. Now the new point is
marked in graph. You can mark five points between point "L" and "H" in the same way. Touch
ST ON" to change to "ST OFF" and complete the point setup. Now touch "DEC" or "INC" but-
ton to select point and touch X-axis or Y-axis to activate and then touch DEC" or "INC" button
to adjust the operation curve. If you touch OFF icon in Curve line, it is changed to ON and the
operation curve is smoother. Now touch "NEXT" icon to call "BUTTERFLY OFF" setup page.
This function is used to set whether it is switched off. Move and hold the throttle stick to the
desired position for the function off and touch the value then the stick position is decided and
the assigned value is displayed. The butterfly function is operated under the assigned value
and it is not operated over the assigned value. When the setting for butterfly is completed,
touch "S" icon on the top right to access to Servo page. In Servo page, you may check the
setup value of AILE, FLAP, and ELEV.
                   Touch

                                               Touch

                          Touch

                                 Touch  Touch

     Touch         Touch         Touch
     Touch         Touch

                   Touch      SYSTEM (Helicopter, Airplane, Gilder)

            Touch         1. ST mode

                          The Stick model can be selected from 1 to 4. "Mode 1" is widely used in ASIA and Mode 2 is
                          widely used in North America and Europe and also mode 3, 4 are available to use.
                          In the initial page, touch "SYSTEM" icon to call SYSTEM setup page and touch "ST mode"
                          icon to call ST mode setup page. In ST mode setup page, ST mode is selectable from "1" to
                          "4" whenever "ST mode number" is touched and the indications are displayed for each ST
                          mode. When the stick setup is completed, touch "BACK" icon to call the SYSTEM menu page

100
                Touch    Etc.Set  2. Warning
                       Touch
                                  The Warnings function programs an alarm to sound to be made if specific switches or stick
                                  positions are in an unsafe position when the transmitter is powered on. You can program 5
                                  warnings such as "Throttle Hold", "Throttle Cut", "Thro Position", "Quick Link", and "Power Off
                                  time". "On" is basically set in only "Thro Position" and "Off" is basically set in the others. Touch
                                  "ON/OFF" icons to switch to "OFF/ON". After the setup is completed, touch "BACK" icon on
                                  the top left to return to "SYSTEM" menu page.

         Touch

Touch

                                  Touch  Etc.Set  Touch

                Touch

Touch

Etc.Set                           Touch                                  Touch
                                  Touch           Touch

                                                                                              101
                                            Etc.Set                                           Power on Melody  ON           Power on Melody   ON
                                                                                              Speaker Volume   03           Speaker Volume   To0u3ch
3. Etc. set
It is used to select the battery type and set battery warning voltage, Power on melody and                           Touch
Speaker volume. Touch "Etc. set" icon to call Etc. set page and touch and activate the value
in blue. After that, choose the desired battery type, warning time, Power on Melody and       Power on Melody  4.5V  Touch  Power on Melody   4.5V
Speaker volume with INC and DEC icons. If the setup is completed, touch "BACK" icon to        Speaker Volume   ON           Speaker Volume    OFF
return to the System menu page.                                                                                03                              03
                                                                                                                                             Touch

                     Etc.Set                          Touch                                   Power on Melody  4.5V  Touch  Power on Melody  4.5V              Touch
                     Touch                             ON                                     Speaker Volume   OFF          Speaker Volume   OFF
                                                        03                                                     03                            05
                                     Power on Melody
                                     Speaker Volume

                                                                                              Touch

                                                                                                               4.5V                                   Etc.Set
                                                                                                               OFF
Power on Melody  ON           Touch  Power on Melody  ToOuNch                                 Power on Melody  05
Speaker Volume   03                  Speaker Volume     03                                    Speaker Volume

102
4. Display                                                                                                                       Touch

It is used to adjust TFT LCD's contrast, back light off time, the sensitivity of Touch sense,     Logo color   DEFAULT                  Logo color   DEFAULT
Logo color and Glaring sun. Touch "Display" icon in the system menu page to access to the         Glaring sun                           Glaring sun  Touch
display setup page. In this page, touch and activate the value in blue and set the relevant val-
ue to each category with the INC and DEC icons. After the setup is completed, touch "BACK"
icon to return to the System menu page.
NOTICE: In Glaring sun category, we recommend to switch the value to "ON". It enables the
more clear display in the sun

             Etc.Set  Touch               Touch
                                           DEFAULT
                                                                                                                3                Touch                 3
                                                                                                               DEFAULT                                  BLUE
                             Logo color                                                           Logo color                            Logo color
                             Glaring sun                                                          Glaring sun                           Glaring sun  Touch

                                                                                                                                        Touch

Logo color   DEFAULT         Logo color   Touch                                                   Logo color     3                      Logo color   3
Glaring sun                  Glaring sun   DEFAULT                                                Glaring sun     BLUE                  Glaring sun   BLUE
                                                                                                                                                     ON
                      Touch                                                                                    Touch

                                                                                                                        Etc.Set

                      Touch

Logo color   DEFAULT         Logo color   TDoEuFcAhULT
Glaring sun                  Glaring sun

                                                                                                                                                              103
5. Stick Cali                                                                                              Touch                     Touch
                                                                                                           Touch  Etc.Set
It is used to calibrate the stick's neutral position
Touch "Stick Cali" icon in the system menu page to call "Stick Cali' page. The right stick and
the left stick of transmitter are calibrated in turn and the stick position is indicated on VERTI,
HORIZ with percentage

- Center: When the dot is centered on the graph, move and hold the stick at the desired neu-
tral position and touch "SET" icon then the stick's neutral position is saved.

- Full down, Full left: When the dot is at the corner of the top left on the graph, move and hold
the stick at the desired end position of the top left and touch "SET" icon then the stick's Full
down/Full left position is saved.

- Full up, Full right: When the dot is at the corner of the bottom right on the graph, move and
hold the stick at the desired end position of the bottom right and touch "SET" icon then the
stick's Full up/Full right position is saved.
After Full up and Full right setup, "Stick Calibration complete!" message is popped up. Now,
touch "Yes" icon to complete the Stick Calibration setup. Touch the "Back" icon to return to
SYSTEM menu page.

                                                                                                    Touch

       Etc.Set

                       Touch

Touch

                Touch  Touch

104
6. MP3

You may listen to the music by storing music files on SD card. You can enjoy music while
flying or practicing. To make use of MP3 function, touch "MP3" icon to call the MP3 setup
page. You may select folder with <A, A> icons and select the song with "<<, >>" icons. Also
you can control a volume with "­" and "+" icons. You may repeat the music (all song, one song
selectable) and stop the repeat with a repeat icon and play or pause the music with the start
and pause icon. When "BACK" icon is touched, you may return to "SYSTEM" menu page.

                                            Touch                                                        Touch  Touch
                                                                                               Touch                      Etc.Set
                     Etc.Set
Touch

Touch

                                                   Touch

                                                                                               · FIRMWARE UPDATE

                                                                                                For more information on the latest firmware and the related software, please refer to the
                                                                                                download menu on our website www.openhobby.com, www.graupner-sj.com
                                                                                                NOTICE: The optional USB adapter is needed to update.

                              Touch  Touch

                                                                                                                                                                                           105
    · SAFETY APPROVAL                                                                           · NOTE

Declaration of Conformity                                                                       This equipment has been tested and found to comply with the limits for a Class B digital de-
(in accordance with ISO/IEC 17050-1)                                                            vice, pursuant to Part 15 of the FCC Rules. These limits are designed to provide reasonable
                                                                                                protection against harmful interference in a residential installation. This equipment generates
- Product(s): Graupner/SJ mz-24 Transmitter                                                     uses and can radiate radio frequency energy and, if not installed and used in accordance with
Item Number(s):                                                                                 the instructions, may cause harmful interference to radio communications. However, there
Equipment class: 2                                                                              is no guarantee that interference will not occur in a particular installation. If this equipment
The objects of declaration described above are in conformity with the requirements of the       does cause harmful interference to radio or television reception, which can be determined by
specifications listed below, following the provisions of the European R&TTE directive 1999/5/   turning the equipment off and on, the user is encouraged to try to correct the interference by
EC:                                                                                             one or more of the following measures:
 EN 62479:2010                                                                                  · Reorient or relocate the receiving antenna.
 EN 60950-1:2006/A11:2009/A1:2010/A12:2011                                                      · Increase the separation between the equipment and receiver.
 EN 301 489-1 V1.9.2                                                                            · C onnect the equipment into an outlet on a circuit different from that to which the receiver is
 EN 301-489-17 V2.2.1
 EN 300 328 V1.7.1                                                                               connected.
                                                                                                · Consult the dealer or an experienced radio/TV technician for help.
   FCC Information
                                                                                                · FCC radiation exposure statement
 - Graupner /SJ mz-24 Transmitter
                                                                                                This equipment complies with FCC radiation exposure limits set forth for an uncontrolled
  Contains FCC ID: SNL-36204410                                                                 environment. This equipment should be installed and operated with minimum distance of 20
  FCC 47 CFR PART 15C                                                                           cm between the radiator and your body.
  FCC 47 CFR PART 15B
                                                                                                · KC Information
   FCC Statement
                                                                                                - Graupner /SJ mz-24 Transmitter
 1. T his device complies with Part 15 of the FCC Rules. Operation is subject to the following
    two conditions:                                                                             - KCC: KCC-CRM-sjr-16005200, KCC-CRM-sjr-36204410
                                                                                                -  2013-01 ""
 (1) This device may not cause harmful interference.                                            -  2012-102 "     "
 (2) This device must accept any interference received, including interference that may cause
                                                                                                 KN 301 489-1:2009
     undesired operation.                                                                        KN 301 489-17:2009
 2. Changes or modifications not expressly approved by the party responsible for compliance      KN 61000-4-2:2008
                                                                                                 KN 61000-4-3:2011
    could void the user`s authority to operate the equipment.

106
· Caution

· This equipment's aerial must be at least 20 cm from any person when the system is in use. We
 therefore do not recommend using the equipment at a closer range than 20cm.

· E nsure that no other transmitter is closer than 20cm from your equipment, in order to avoid
 adverse effects on the system's electrical characteristics and radiation pattern.

· The radio control system should not be operated until the Country setting has been set correctly
 at the transmitter. This is essential in order to fulfill the requirements of various directives -
 FCC, ETSI, CE, KC and etc. Please refer to the instructions for your particular transmitter and
 receiver for details of this procedure.

· C heck all working systems and carry out at least one full range check on the ground before
 every flight, in order to show up any errors in the system and the models programming.

· N ever make any changes to the programming of the transmitter or receiver whilst operating a
 model.

· ENVIRONNEMENTAL PROTECTION NOTES

This product must not be disposed of with other waste. Instead,
it is the user's responsibility to their waste equipment by handing it over to
a designated collection point for the recycling of waste electrical and
electronic equipment. The separate collection and recycling of
your waste equipment at the time of disposal will help to conserve natural resources and ensure
that it is recycled in a manner that protects human health and the environment. For more infor-
mation about where you can drop off your waste equipment for recycling, please contact your
local city office, your household waste disposal service or where you purchased the produce

                                                                                                     107
No. S1006
   Appendix E

Computerized Control Boards
SECTION 1: MikroKopter 2.5 and Navi-Ctrl 2.0
en/FlightCtrl_ME_2_5

                         17

                     HolgerB
                MikroKopter.de
                                                    en/FlightCtrl_ME_2_5

                                Contents

1 Flight Ctrl V2.5...........................................................................................................................................1/12
2 Connections.................................................................................................................................................2/12

         2.1 connections Top............................................................................................................................2/12
         2.2 connections Bottom......................................................................................................................2/12
         2.3 Connecting Molex........................................................................................................................3/12
3 Connection Diagram...................................................................................................................................4/12
         3.1 Connection Serial Port (SV1).......................................................................................................4/12
         3.2 Connection SV2............................................................................................................................4/12
         3.3 Connection SV3............................................................................................................................5/12
         3.4 Connection SV4............................................................................................................................5/12
4 Receiver Connections.................................................................................................................................6/12
         4.1 Standard PPM receiver.................................................................................................................6/12
         4.2 Spektrum Satellit receiver.............................................................................................................6/12
         4.3 Jeti receiver...................................................................................................................................7/12
         4.4 HoTT receiver...............................................................................................................................7/12
         4.5 Futaba S.Bus receiver...................................................................................................................8/12
5 Circuit diagram...........................................................................................................................................9/12
6 Other..........................................................................................................................................................10/12
7 Settings.......................................................................................................................................................11/12
8 Specifications.............................................................................................................................................12/12

                                                                                                                                     i
1 Flight Ctrl V2.5

The !Flight-Ctrl V2.5 is now equipped with a new pressure sensor and a more powerful ACC sensor.
Now we have a significantly better height control and flights are possible up to 5000mtr.
The FlightCtrl V2.5 is shipped with:

       · already assembled cables for:
       · a PPM Sum signal receiver
       · and a Telemetry connection
       · already installed with the latest software
       · fully tested for functionality

INFO:
You can use the FlightCtrl V2.5 only with the MikroKopter Software since Version V2.00d !

TIPP:
Below you can download a finished setting for the FlightCtrl where all functions are already set.

New thing on the FlightCtrl V2.5:
       · new Air pressure sensor (with light / wind protection)
       · new ACC-Sensor
       · better altitude control
       · less sensitive to vibrations (all Axis)
       · Altitude sensor work now up to 5000m
       · LEDs on the switching outputs
       · Voltage up to 7S (30V)
       · Protection resistors to the servo outputs
       · 400uF for better voltage regulation on the power supply
       · Note: Not compatible with older firmware versions!

                                                                1/12
2 Connections

2.1 connections Top

Molex connector:
      1. GND (FC und Summer)
      2. + Buzzer
      3. I2C Bus (D)
      4. I2C Bus (C)
      5. +12V (battery voltage)

2.2 connections Bottom

      1. 10-pol connection strip (for MK-USB or to connect NaviCtrl)
      2. 6-pol connection strip (Servo2 / Servo3)
      3. 6-pol connection strip (Servo4 / Servo5)
      4. 6-pol connection strip (SPI to NaviCtrl)
      5. 6-pol connection strip (Servo1 / switching outputs Out1/Out2)
      6. Connection Lipo (Plus) (not needed if you use the Molex connection)
      7. Connection Lipo (Minus) (not needed if you use the Molex connection)
      8. JETI+HOTT - Solder bridge. To send the telemetry data to a HoTT or Jeti transmitter. (Factory

         default)
                                                                2/12
en/FlightCtrl_ME_2_5                                                               04/24/15 07:39:03

 9. Solder pads Tx, Rx, 3V, G (GND), 5V (See "Receiver Connections")
10. Air pressure sensor (with light / wind protection)
11. Connection Buzzer (BUZ-/BUZ+) (not needed if you use the Molex connection)
12. Connection PPM Sum signal receiver (GN=brown, +5=red, PPM=orange)
13. I2C connection (D/C) for BL-Ctrl (not needed if you use the Molex connection)
14. DC/DC converter 5V Recom (supply FlightCtrl) (Factory default)
15. DC/DC converter 5V Recom (supply Servos) (Factory default)

2.3 Connecting Molex

suitable Molex connector for "XL" power distributor in the shop
suitable Molex cable for "XL" power distributor in the shop

INFO: MK is switched on by connecting in the Lipo.

                      3/12
3 Connection Diagram

3.1 Connection Serial Port (SV1)

3.2 Connection SV2

Top row (outputs OUT1/OUT2)
Pin1: 100mA switching output NPN Open Collector e.g. for Shuttercable. Programmable in KopterTool with
OUT1.
Pin3: +5 Volt
Pin5: 100mA switching output NPN Open Collector e.g. for LEDs. Programmable in KopterTool with OUT2.
Bottom row: Nick servo output
Pin2: Servo1 output (for Nick-Servo camera mount) (Setting KopterTool)
Pin4: +5 Volt

                                                                4/12
en/FlightCtrl_ME_2_5                            04/24/15 07:39:03
Pin6: GND / Minus

Note: The servo outputs are activated only after the gyros are calibrated (Throttle up + yaw left).

3.3 Connection SV3

Top row (Servo 3)
Pin1: Servo3 output
Pin3: +5 Volt
Pin5: GND / Minus
Bottom row: Roll servo output
Pin2: Servo2 output (Setting KopterTool)
Pin4: +5 Volt
Pin6: GND / Minus

3.4 Connection SV4

Top row (Servo 5)
Pin1: Servo5 output
Pin3: +5 Volt
Pin5: GND / Minus
Bottom row (Servo 4)
Pin2: Servo5 output
Pin4: +5 Volt
Pin6: GND / Minus

                                          5/12
4 Receiver Connections

Please be sure that the correct receiver is set in the settings under "Channels".

4.1 Standard PPM receiver

z.B.

       · DSL4TOP (35/40MHz)
       · R6107SP Futaba 2,4GHz

Connection:

PPM - Sum signal
Pad Function cable collor
GN GND/Minus black or brown
+5 Plus 5V red
PPM data line orange

To enlarge - click the image

4.2 Spektrum Satellit receiver

Connection:

Connection to 2nd serial interface

Pad Function cable collor

G GND/Minus black

3V Plus 3V  orange

RX data line gray

To enlarge - click the image
Siehe auch: Spektrum

                                    6/12
en/FlightCtrl_ME_2_5                                04/24/15 07:39:03

4.3 Jeti receiver

Connection:

PPM - Sum signal + Telemetry connection

Pad Function                  cable collor

GN GND/Minus                  black or brown

+5 Plus 5V                    Rot

PPM data line                 orange

RX Telemetry connection       arbitrarily

JET Solder bridge for Telemetry -

To enlarge - click the image

See also: JetiDuplex

4.4 HoTT receiver

The HoTT receiver is also connected to the PPM and the RX pad. To send the telemetry data to the
transmitter, the solder bride "JETI+HoTT" have to be closed.
More information how to connect, set and use a HoTT Transmitter/receiver can be found here: HoTT

Connection:

PPM - Summensignal + Telemetrieanschluss

Pad Funktion                  cable collor

GN GND/Minus                  black or brown

+5 Plus 5V                    red

PPM Datenleitung              orange

RX Telemetrieanschluss        arbitrarily

JET Solder bridge for Telemetry -

To enlarge - click the image

                                              7/12
en/FlightCtrl_ME_2_5                                                        04/24/15 07:39:03

4.5 Futaba S.Bus receiver

You can connect a S.Bus receiver with a Signal-Inverter on the FlightCtrl.
Here you can order the needed inverter: Shoplink

   Please set the receiver to "normal" mode (The LED of the receiver will be short red if you power up the
receiver), do not set to "High-Speed" (Receiver LED is Green/Red (or orange) if you power up the receiver)

Connection:

Connection to 2nd serial interface
Pad Funktion cable collor
5V Plus 5V red
G GND/Minus black or Brown
RX Datenleitung orange

To enlarge - click the image

                                    8/12
5 Circuit diagram

   The use of the MikroKopter software is only allowed on original hardware.
                                                                9/12
6 Other

       · The Bootloader of the FC2.5 is not for free.
       · If you have damage the Atmega you can buy a new one include bootloader here: here
       · Please do not use a ISP programmer to upgrade the FlightCtrl. This can clear the Bootloader.

                                                               10/12
7 Settings

Here you can download the latest SW Version and a setting for the FlightCtrl where all is set: Download.
Here you can see the channel setting:
(To enlarge -> click on image)

                                                               11/12
8 Specifications

       · 3S-6S
       · 2 adjustable outputs with LED indicator on FlightCtrl
       · 5 Servo output
       · Connections for Set Navigation
       · Altitude sensor (up to 5000m)
       · KategorieMK-Baugruppe/de

                                                               12/12
en/NaviCtrl_2.0

                 26

              LotharF
         MikroKopter.de
                                                        en/NaviCtrl_2.0

                                Contents

1 General.........................................................................................................................................................1/34
2 Connections.................................................................................................................................................3/34
3 Integrated compass.....................................................................................................................................4/34

         3.1 Indicate the magnet values............................................................................................................4/34
4 Placement.....................................................................................................................................................6/34
5 Connection MKGPS...................................................................................................................................7/34
6 Settings.........................................................................................................................................................8/34

         6.1 Activate the GPS-System and assign channel..............................................................................8/34
         6.2 Activate CareFree and assign channel..........................................................................................8/34
7 GPS-Mode control....................................................................................................................................13/34
         7.1 Dynamic PositionHold................................................................................................................14/34
8 Signal beeps...............................................................................................................................................16/34
9 LED-indication..........................................................................................................................................17/34
10 Functional test.........................................................................................................................................18/34
11 How do you start?...................................................................................................................................19/34
         11.1 Calibration of the compass.......................................................................................................19/34
         11.2 Videos.......................................................................................................................................24/34
         11.3 First Start..................................................................................................................................24/34
12 MicroSD-Card.........................................................................................................................................25/34
         12.1 SETTINGS.INI.........................................................................................................................25/34
         12.2 stored data - folder "LOG"........................................................................................................28/34
         12.3 Presentation of the flight data in Google Earth.........................................................................29/34
13 Parameter................................................................................................................................................31/34
14 Debug-Interface......................................................................................................................................32/34
         14.1 NMEA.......................................................................................................................................32/34
15 Upgrading software................................................................................................................................33/34
16 Error Codes.............................................................................................................................................34/34

                                                                                                                                     i
1 General

The NaviCtrl V2.0 with integrated compass is the follow of NaviCtrl V1.1 and expands with the MKGPS the
ability of the MikroKopter.
Throughout the use of those modules you will get a powerful GPS-System.
With this GPS-System you can use the function like PositionHold, ComingHome, CareFree the
Waypoint-flight as well as the FollowMe-function.
For the waypoint-flight you can set up to 30 waypoints in the OSD KopterTool.
The waypoint-flight (and that of the FollowMe) is than in a Radius of 250mtr. around the startpoint of the
Kopter possible.
Users with a commercial license can also use a bigger range.
(Questions about the license please wrote to: HiSystem)

                                                                1/34
en/NaviCtrl_2.0        04/24/15 07:40:22

   All other functions (PositionHold, ComingHome, CareFree, etc.) are usable in the full range of the
transmitter / receiver.

(The NaviCtrl with the integrated compass could be also used single with the FlightCtrl. But here would be
only the function "CareFree" possible.)

The NaviCtrl-PCB has got besides the ARM9-Micro-Controller and the Micro-SD-Card-Socket two
additional extension plugs.
The first and the second extension plug is free usable for future developments.

You can use also the NaviCtrl in connection with the MKGPS as a separate FollowMe-Transmitter. This is
explained here: FollowMe

                 2/34
2 Connections                   NaviCtrl V2.0

NaviCtrl V2.0 - Top-Side

                          3/34
3 Integrated compass

The function of the MK3Mag compass is now integrated in the NaviCtrl V2.0. You have to calibrate this
integrated compass too (see "Calibration of the compass").
During the initialization you will see the integrated compass modul:

3.1 Indicate the magnet values

The values of the 3-axis sensor you can see on the virtual display of the KopterTool(Button "NaviCtrl"):

To check in the values in the scope of the KopterTool, you can chose them in the second analog-page:
                                                                4/34
en/NaviCtrl_2.0        04/24/15 07:40:22

                 5/34
4 Placement

On the NaviCtrl V2.0 the pin-header to the interfaces of the FlightCtrl, SPI and Debug are already soldered.

                                                                6/34
5 Connection MKGPS

For the installation of the MKGPS please note the information under MKGPS.
How to connect the NaviCtrl and the MKGPS with the FlightCtrl you can find here: MK-Tower

                                                                7/34
6 Settings

6.1 Activate the GPS-System and assign channel

To use the NaviCtrl with the compass module MK3Mag and the MKGPS you must activate the function GPS
in your settings.
In addition you need to have a channel for the mode control to switch between the functions (Free,
PositionHold, ComingHome)
(pre-set is Poti2 => channel6). This channel must be assigned to a 3-way switch at the transmitter.
(How a channel at the transmitter will be assigned to a switch you will find in the appropriate instruction
manual of the transmitter.)

6.2 Activate CareFree and assign channel

If the function CareFree is used you must assign an additional channel to that function.
This function is set up to "0" = Deactivated by default.
If here an appropriate channel is set you must assign a switch at the transmitter.
(How a channel at the transmitter will be assigned to a switch you will find in the appropriate instruction
manual of the transmitter.)

       ·
         How the function CareFree and the additional activated Teachable CareFree can be used,
         you can find here: CareFree

The easiest way to set up/activate the functions is over the menu-point EasySetup.
Here you can activate the GPS and set up the channels to switch for GPS/CareFree.
Pre-set is already POTI2 => channel6 for the function of the GPS. CareFree is in the pre-settings on "0" =
OFF.

Settings in EasySetup

                                                                8/34
en/NaviCtrl_2.0  04/24/15 07:40:22

INFO
On the page EasySetup all important settings are summerized.
All settings made here are automatically transferred to the corresponding sub-sites.

The settings in EasySetup can be made directly in the different sub-sites.

The GPS can be switched ON/OFF in the tab Configuration:

       ·
         If you use only the NaviCtrl with the compass module (MK3Mag) it can be activated here
         individually.
         An additional function like Fixed alignment can be given. Is that function activated you can yaw the
         Kopter during the flight
                                                                9/34
en/NaviCtrl_2.0                                                       04/24/15 07:40:22

If you release the yaw-stick the Kopter automatically aligns itself into the direction
in which the Kopter was at the start.

In the tab Navi-Ctrl you can switch also the GPS ON- and OFF.
Also, you can set up here the channel to switch the function:

                                                               10/34
en/NaviCtrl_2.0                                                       04/24/15 07:40:22

Under the tab Misc you can set up the CareFree control
and the Teachable CareFree:

                                                               11/34
en/NaviCtrl_2.0         04/24/15 07:40:22

                 12/34
7 GPS-Mode control

A total of three modes can be switched with the GPS mode control.

Those functions are:
       · GPS_MODE_Free (Free)
       · GPS_MODE_Position Hold (PH)
       · GPS_MODE_Coming Home (CH)

As described is this function already pre-set on Channel 6 (POTI2). This channel can also be changed as
desired.

   To use the function a 3-way switch of the transmitter should be set to that channel and also been used.
   The Height switch should be switched ON while using this function.

   TIPP:
       · The height switch i.e. can be set to the same channel like the GPS Mode Control.
         This saves you not only a channel-switch on the transmitter. As soon as the function PH or CH is
         switched ON automatically the function to keep the height is switched ON.

Expert function:

The functions are active at a certain value. Those are as follows:
       · GPS_MODE_Free => Value <20
       · GPS_MODE_Position Hold => Value between 20 and 200
       · GPS_MODE_Coming Home => Value >200

Info
For the function of PH/CH a Sat-Fix is mandatory necessary.

   If this is not there it can be selected via a switch, but has no function.
You must still manually control the Kopter.

In the function PositionHold (PH) the Kopter remains with the support of the GPS on that position at which
the function was activated.
If you switch to the function ComingHome (CH) the MikroKopter returns automatically back to the start
point with the support of the GPS.
A switch-back to Free turns the functions off.

Tipp:

                                                               13/34
en/NaviCtrl_2.0           04/24/15 07:40:22

· If the Kopter circles in PH Mode around the activation point (a small radius is pretty much normal) a
  new calibration of the compass can help.
  Also to determine a better and more accurate position the mount of the GPS-Shield1.1 to the MKGPS
  helps alot.

7.1 Dynamic PositionHold

Either in the EasySetup (see picture above) or under the tab Navi-Ctrl2 the function Dynamic PositionHold
can be activated.

The function of the mode PositionHold (PH) is different if Dynamic PositionHold is enabled or disabled :

       · Function OFF:
                 The Kopter will be throughout moving the Nick- / Rollstick directly controlled.
                   The function PositionHold (PH) will be switched off if you move the sticks.
                   At the new position and after you release the sticks the function PH will be switched on again.

                                                               14/34
en/NaviCtrl_2.0               04/24/15 07:40:22
         Function ON:

 Also here you can fly the Kopter through moves with the Nick- / Rollstick to a new position.
   In that way PH will be not disabled/enabled but the nominal values of the GPS-coordinates
   will be moved.
   An more accurate and exact positioning of the Kopter is possible even in windy conditions.
   The Kopter will fly a little bit slower to the position, moves more sluggish.

                       15/34
8 Signal beeps

If the NaviCtrl (with Compass/MKGPS) is properly connected the FlightCtrl beeps more often. The beeps tell
you as follows:

       · If the switch for the GPS function will be switched from free to GPS_MODE_PositionHold or
         GPS_MODE_ComingHome
         and there is no Sat-Fix (LED on the MK-GPS is not flashing) it will beep 1 time per second.
         The Kopter beeps as long as a minimum number of satellites was found and a Sat-Fix was reached.
         (See also Paramter "Min Sat").
         Exception: The beeping will be more quiet if a Sat-Fix is available but a sufficient number of
         satellites wasn't found.
             Notes:
                 This beep takes place even if GPS is disabled.
                   (If GPS is deactivated set also the value for "GPS Mode Control" to Zero (0).)

       · 1x beep *beep* - when changing the GPS-Modes (free - PH - CH)
       · 1x beep *beep* - when logging new target-coordinates

                                                               16/34
9 LED-indication

On the NaviCtrl you can find 2 LEDs, 1x red and 1x green. The red LED indicates you a failure.
To show you the respective failures the NaviCtrl must be hooked up to the MK-Tool. The failure will be
shown there.

   The red LED stays on also if the compass is not calibrated! A failure message is displayed as "error6".

                                                               17/34
10 Functional test

Here you need to open the Terminal Window in the KopterTool. If the NaviCtrl is hooked up single over the
connector Debug and connected with the MK-USB and a closed jumper on the MK-USB
you should see the following initializing sequence of the NaviCtrl:

TIPP
Is the NaviCtrl on the Kopter mounted with the FlightCtrl, the MK3Mag and the MKGPS, those assemblies
should be also seen during initializing.
Here the jumper shouldn't be on the MK-USB and the Kopter should be supplied with power over a Lipo or
an external power-supply.

                                                               18/34
11 How do you start?

11.1 Calibration of the compass

   Important: When first operated, the MK3Mag needs to be correctly calibrated! Otherwise the NaviBoard
will show you "Err:6 bad compass value".

Now it is (since Version FC:0.84) very easy to calibrate the compass with a "clicking sound" .
This method has the advantage that you doesn't have to hold the Kopter "perfect" horizontally.

IMPORTANT

The Nick- and Roll axis refers to the FlightCtrl, and not on the Mixer you use! The arrow of the FlightCtrl
shows the Nick axis!

The Kopter should be calibrated outside, away from magnetic influences!
So please do not calibrate the Kopter directly next to a house, near power poles or metallic / magnetic
surfaces.
Also, please take your cell etc. out of your pocket.

   The earth's magnetic field is not the same everywhere. That's the reason why you should calibrate the
compass new if you change the place where you fly.
(e.g. from Germany to USA or from north to south America)

The calibration will be done in several steps:

Step         Function Example View / Function
             Nick down On a transmitter in MODE 2 it lokks like in that way:
Step 1
Initiate     then
compass
calibration  Throttle
             up + Yaw
             left

             (The
             Kopter
             beeps 1x)

                        19/34
en/NaviCtrl_2.0                04/24/15 07:40:22

             Pull Nick
             down 1x

Step 2       (The
Start        Kopter
Calibration  beeps 2x
             and the
             clicking
             starts
             begins)

                        20/34
en/NaviCtrl_2.0                    04/24/15 07:40:22

             The Kopter

             with the

             front

             (Arrow

             direction of

             the

             FlightCtrl)

             pointing to

             the South

             or North.

Calibration

of the       Then

X-Axis

(Nick-Axis) rotate the

             Kopter a

             couple

             times over

             the

             Nick-Axis

             until the

             buzzer

             stops with

             the clicking

             starts.

             Rotate the
             Kopter by
             90°
             The
             clicking
             starts again.

Calibration  Rotate the
of the       Kopter a
Y-Axis       couple
(Roll-Axis)  times over
             the
             Roll-Axis
             until the
             buzzer
             stops with
             the clicking
             starts.

                            21/34
en/NaviCtrl_2.0                    04/24/15 07:40:22

Step 3        Pull Nick
Finish the    1x down

calibration   (The
of the X and  Kopter
Y-Axis        beeps 3x)

Step 4        Pull Nick
Start         1x down
calibration
of the        (The
Z-Axis        Kopter
              beeps 4x
              and the
              clicking
              starts begin
              again)

                            22/34
en/NaviCtrl_2.0                   04/24/15 07:40:22

             INFO:

             Here it

             doesn't

             matter if

             the Kopter

             shows with

             the X or

             Y-Axis

             towards

Calibration  South
of the       (North).

Z-Axis       Rotate the
(Yaw-Axis)   Kopter a

             few times

             over the

             Roll- or

             Nick-Axis

             until the

             buzzer

             stops with

             the clicking

             starts.

Step 5       Pull Nick
Finish the   1x down
calibration
of the       The Kopter
Z-Axis.      confirms it
             with 2
             beeps

                           23/34
en/NaviCtrl_2.0                                                                       04/24/15 07:40:22

3. Now that the Kopter "beeped" 2x after a successful calibration that part is done.

· If everything is OK the red LED stops lighting after a few seconds on the NaviCtrl V2.0 with
  integrated compass.
  If you use a NaviCtrl V1.1 with MK3Mag the red LED on the MK3Mag lights permanently.

DONE!

11.2 Videos

(German version)

(English version)

If the calibarion fails (compass still reports "invalid compass value"), you can take a look here: MagnetError

11.3 First Start

If you want to try out those functions you need to have a lot of space and a bunch of open sky.

      1. As discribed above activate the GPS-Function (and CareFree) and assign the switch(es) at the
         transmitter.

      2. Switch ON the MikroKopter and ensure a radio contact between transmitter and receiver.
      3. Wait for the first Sat-Fix.

                 LED at the MKGPS glows as long as there is no Sat-Fix and flashes if a Sat-Fix is available.
                 If the GPS-Switch on the transmitter is on PH or CH the Kopter beeps as long as required in a

                   tact of a second until the minimum of numbers of satellites has been found.
                 Beeps are more quiet if the Fix is there but not all 6 satellites were found.
                 With a confirmation beep the beeping stops as soon as the Sat-Fix is there.
      4. Control of the communication between NaviCtrl and FlightCtrl.

                 The Kopter beeps in intervals as long as the GPS has no Fix (it beeps only if you are on PH
                   or CH, in the FREE-Mode it will not beep).

                 if the GPS-Switch at the transmitter will be switched it must beep short each time.
      5. Wait until the GPS has a Sat-Fix and the LED on the MKGPS flashes.
      6. Switch to GPS_MODE_Free!
      7. Start engines.

                 Hover some seconds and (if necessary) fine-adjust the MikroKopter at the transmitter so that
                   the Kopter can hold the position by itself.

                 Now bring the Kopter into your desired height and activate the height control.
      8. Switch to the GPS_MODE PositionHold (PH).

                 Position will be logged (will be acknowleged through a beep).
                 GPS should work now and the Kopter should hover with a difference of a few meter on its

                   position.

                   24/34
12 MicroSD-Card

Into the NaviCtrl you can place a Micro SD-Card in the size up to 2GB (in FAT16 formatted).
Here you can save the flight-route and other datas of the Kopter in KML-Format and GPS-Format.
The SD-Card will be plugged in as you can find under Connections into the NaviCtrl.
A detected and initialized Micro SD-Card you can see in the initialization of the NaviCtrl.

If you want to read or change the data on the Micro SD-card, it must be removed from the NaviCtrl and
plugged into an appropriate card slot on the PC.

12.1 SETTINGS.INI

On the SD-Card from the NaviCtrl there will be automatically a file generated named Settings.ini with the
following content:

                                                               25/34
en/NaviCtrl_2.0  04/24/15 07:40:22

       · KMLLOGGING = 500 (Interval (in ms) the logging of the KML-Datas. Default = 500.)
       · GPXLOGGING = 1000 (Interval (in ms) the logging of the GPX-Datas. Default = 1000.)
       · MAX_FLYING_ALT = 0 (Input of the max. flight-altitude. Default = 0. See INFO)
       · MAX_FLYING_RANGE = 0 (Input of the max. flight-radius. Default = 0. See INFO)
       · DESCEND_RANGE = 0 (Input of the safety-radius for the max flying range. Default = 0. See

         INFO)
       · GPS_SBAS_DGPS_ON = 1 (Switch on/off DGPS receiving. Default = 0.)
       · MIN_EVENT_TIME = 2 (Adjustable trigger. See: Delay Time)
       · GPSAUTOCONFIG = 1 (1 = the NC writes its own GPS-Configuration (temporary) into the

         MKGPS. Default = 1.)

INFO
Important settings for license user!

MAX_FLYING_ALT Here you can enter a maximum altitude which is required for i.e. a special license for
the commercial use.

                                                               26/34
en/NaviCtrl_2.0                                                          04/24/15 07:40:22

If the Kopter reaches that set up altitude mnessage 29 "ERR:Max Altitude" appears over the telemetry
display.
If you do not react to this message and you climb further up, 10mtr. above the set up max. altitude the Kopter
will switch automatically to the set emergency-throttle/gas Link and sink.
After reaching the regular set up altitude again the Kopter will switch automatically back from
emergency-throttle/gas to normal operation.

User without a license get also after reaching the max. altitude the same message but they are able to climb
further up.

More informations about this you will find here: Max.Altitude - Example

MAX_FLYING_RANGE Here you can enter a max. flight-radius which is required for the special license
and commercial use.
INFO: This value should be smaller as the under "DESCEND_RANGE" entered radius!!!
If the Kopter reaches this radius GPS will be automatically activated. The Kopter will be flown back
automatically over the function "ComingHome" into the set up flight-radius.
Here you will see an appropriate message over the telemetry display.

DESCEND_RANGE Here byou can enter a max. flight-radius which is required for the special license and
commercial use.

   If the Kopter is leaving this radius it will turn automatically with 80% hovering-throttle/gas into a descent
flight.
INFO:
The Kopter should not reach that radius with a small set up "MAX_FLYING_RANGE" under normal
circumstances.

                 27/34
en/NaviCtrl_2.0  04/24/15 07:40:22

   For user without a license is the setting "DESCEND_RANGE" with no function.

TIP: To change those values you should insert and open the SD-Card directly in ab appropriate slot on your
PC. Here you can do the adjustment with an editor.
TIP: License User should activate in the Settings "Miscellaneous (Misc)" the function "SD card missing".
(For your convenient information: In France, i.e., with the beginning of 2012 are those settings now obligation
for commercial user and the Kopter MUST come down if it is out of a 150mtr. radius!)

Attention
1. If you need to change those datas please do not use Logging-times under 500ms - that can affect the
navigation and lead to failures!
2. After an Update of the NaviCtrl please clear the SETTINGS.INI on the SD-Card.
The new Software will set a new file with the needed values.

12.2 stored data - folder "LOG"

                                                               28/34
en/NaviCtrl_2.0                                 04/24/15 07:40:22

During flight the Kopter will create once a folder "LOG" and save some informations (for each flight) on the
micro-SD-card in a .KML and a .GPX file.

These are:

       · ele
       · time
       · sat
       · Altimeter
       · Variometer
       · Course
       · Groundspeed
       · VerticalSpeed
       · FlightTime
       · Voltage
       · Current
       · Capacity
       · RCQuality
       · RCRSSI
       · Compass
       · NickAngle
       · RollAngle
       · NCFlag
       · ErrorCode
       · TargetBearing
       · TargetDistance
       · RCSticks
       · GPSSticks
       · Actual Waypoint
       · Value of the WP-Event
       · Nick- and Roll-Servo-Value

You can take a look on this informations with the programm "GPX-Viewer" or "MK_GPX (Link)

12.3 Presentation of the flight data in Google Earth

In Google Earth you can display and see the saved flight-datas of the Kopter. In the actual Google Earth
Version (>6.1) you can display the flight-route
by loading the .KML or the .GPX-file.

Tipp
If you open a .KML file with "Google Earth" and see only red stripes, you have to edit the .KML file.
Here in this file you can change the coordinates like you see here:

· Example:

          Wrong: +7.1234567,+53.1234567, 0.000
          Right: +7.1234567,+53.1234567,0.000

                 29/34
en/NaviCtrl_2.0         04/24/15 07:40:22

Since software version v0.26g (NaviCtrl) the changes are already included in the KML-log.

(The flight-route will be also displayed in the height if you set up in the properties of the file the Height to
Relativ to ground.)

                 30/34
13 Parameter

The practice has shown that the default parameters (settings) are already sufficient for almost all
MikroKopter.
Who wants to do a little bit fine-tuning that can be done in the settings. You can do that in the tabs NaviCtrl
and NaviCtrl2.

                                                               31/34
14 Debug-Interface

To the Debug-Interface the MK-USB will be hooked up there. Here you can set up the NaviCtrl, download
new software or you can get failure information over the KopterTool.
For the data transfer between the Kopter and the PC you can use also a Bluetooth-Module or a
Wi232-Module.
The module will be hooked up also to the Debug-Interface of the NaviCtrl. A second module (Bluetooth or
Wi232) to receive the datas will be connected to the MK-USB.

14.1 NMEA

Since the Software-Version 2.00a (for NaviCtrl) we can also use the format NMEA (e.g. for Cameras witht
Datalogging). The output is at 57600 baud. The records are sent with RMC & GGA. You can get the data on
PIN9 of the Debug connection of the NaviCtrl.
NOTE: To use the NMEA you need a plugged microSD card (max. 2GB/FAT16) and the entry
"NMEA_INTERVAL" in the Settings.ini must have a value entered. If you already have a microSD card in!
NaviCtrl used muss after a software update the existing settings.ini it are deleted so that a new one can be
created with the parameters.

                                                               32/34
15 Upgrading software

      1. Connect the NaviCtrl over the 10- and 6pole connection plug with the FlightCtrl (see MK-Tower)
      2. Connect the MK-USB to the Debug-Interface of the NaviCtrl - DO NOT place the jumper on the

         MK-USB.
      3. Now switch ON the Kopter.
      4. Start the KopterTool and click in the Terminal Window (Button Firmware Update and Terminal) on

         Update Software (serial). Then choose the .hex-file.
      5. The Update-sequence starts and should be done after approx. 1-2 minutes. At the end you can see

         debug-datas in the Terminal.
Further information for the Update (also if an update fails) you can get here: SoftwareUpdate
INFO
For updating the software you should always use the MK-USB.
If you use for the data-transfer a Wi232 Module or a Bluetooth Module the update can be faulty!

INFO
To flash the bootloader is not necessary and also not possible.
If the processor is defect you can buy a new one with the appropriate bootloader in the Shop.

                                                               33/34
16 Error Codes

If you use the GPS-System (NaviCtrl + Compass + MKPGS) on your Kopter and you calibrate the Gyros, you
can see for a short time "error 6" + "error 3" in your Telemetry-Display.
This is normal. Because the connection between FlightCtrl and NaviCtrl is briefly interrupted when you
calibrate the Gyros .
For all other Failure codes you can find here some Tipps to resolve it: ErrorCodes

       · KategorieMK-Baugruppe/en

                                                               34/34
SECTION 2: Pixhawk
       AUTOPILOT

QUICK START GUIDE
PARTS  2                        3 45                                     67

1

       8 9 10                                             11

1 Pixhawk                                                 7 Power module
2 Buzzer                                                  8 I2C splitter module
3 Safety switch                                           9 Four-position I2C splitter cable
4 Micro-SD card and adapter                               10 Three-wire servo cable
5 Micro-USB cable                                         11 Mounting foam
6 Six-wire cable x2

GETTING STARTED                                           1 Mount
                                                          2 Connect
With the help of APM firmware, Pixhawk turns any          3 Load firmware
RC plane, copter, or rover into a full-featured personal  4 Calibrate
drone. Once you have a fully-assembled frame, follow
this guide to install Pixhawk.

 1 MOUNT

Use the provided foam to mount Pixhawk as close as possible to your vehicle's center of gravity.
Make sure to orient the board with the arrow pointing forward.

Attach the foam squares to the                            Vehicle front
corners of the board.
2 CONNECT

                                          (Required) Connect the buzzer
                                          and safety switch.

(Optional) Connect a 3DR                  (GPS or GPS+Compass required)
Radio to Pixhawk's Telem                  Connect a 3DR GPS+Compass to
port using the 6-wire cable               provide the autopilot with positioning
provided with your 3DR Radio              data during flight. This kit includes a
Kit to receive data and                   6-wire cable to connect the GPS ports.
communicate with                          Connect the MAG to the I2C port using
the autopilot in flight.                  the 4-wire cable provided with the 3DR
                                          GPS+Compass.
           (Required) Connect the 3DR
      Power Module to the Power port

       using the 6-wire cable to direct
     power from your lithium polymer

        (LiPo) battery to the autopilot.

(Optional) The I2C splitter expands the I2C port to allow up
to four additional peripherals to connect to Pixhawk. Use the
4-wire cable to connect the I2C splitter and add a compass
module, external LED, digital airspeed sensor, or other
peripherals to your vehicle.
LOAD SD CARD INTO PIXHAWK

If the SD card is not preloaded into Pixhawk, insert the micro-SD card into the slot at the
bottom end of the board.

CONNECT RADIO CONTROL

FOR PPM RC RECEIVERS AND FUTABA S.BUS RECEIVERS

                                          Connect the ground (-), power (+), and signal (S) wires to the RC
                                                                      pins using the provided 3-wire servo cable.

FOR SPEKTRUM SATELLITE RECEIVERS

  For a Spektrum DSM, DSM2, or DSM-X Satellite RC receiver, connect to
  the SPKT/DSM port.
For a complete list of RC systems compatible with Pixhawk, visit the APM wiki page here.

FOR PWM RECEIVERS

    Purchase a PPM Encoder module to connect a PWM
    RC receiver to Pixhawk at store.3dr.com.
CONNECT OUTPUTS  FOR COPTERS

                 Connect each signal wire from the PDB to

                 the main output signal (S) pins by motor

                 number. Connect one wire for each motor

                 to the corresponding pin.

                 Pin 1 = Motor 1  Pin 5 = Motor 5

                 Pin 2 = Motor 2 Pin 6 = Motor 6

                 Pin 3 = Motor 3 Pin 7 = Motor 7

                 Pin 4 = Motor 4 Pin 8 = Motor 8

                 FOR PLANES

                 For planes, connect the control channel
                 wires to the main output signal pins.
                 Pin 1 = Aileron
                 Pin 2 = Elevator
                 Pin 3 = Throttle
                 Pin 4 = Rudder

                 FOR ROVERS

                 For rovers, connect the throttle and steering
                 wires to the main output signal pins.
                 Pin 3 = Throttle
                 Pin 4 = Steering

3 LOAD FIRMWARE

APM firmware is the brains of your autopilot operation and must be installed before using Pixhawk.
To load firmware onto Pixhawk, install a mission planner application on your ground station computer. Choose
either Mission Planner (Windows) or APM Planner for (Windows, OS X, and Linux).
Both applications are available for free download from ardupilot.com.

                                  firmware

Mission planner
Download Mission Planner (Windows)
Ardupilot.com Downloads Mission Planner

Mission Planner               « Downloads

Sort by: Title | Hits | Date                     Select the installer
 MissionPlanner - Installer                      package to download.

Download APM Planner (Windows, OS X, and Linux)
Ardupilot.com Downloads APM Planner 2.0

APM Planner 2.0               « Downloads

Sort by: Title | Hits | Date                     Select your platform to
                                                 download.
 APM Planner 2.0 Mac
 APM Planner 2.0 Windows
 APM Planner 2.0 Linux

INSTALL PLANNER

After selecting the correct file, read the safety information and select Download.

Open the file to run the setup wizard. Proceed through any security warnings, and install all
suggested drivers. When the installation is complete, open the application, and connect Pixhawk to your
computer using the micro-USB cable.

Your computer will automatically install the correct drivers. Do not select Connect at this time; Pixhawk can only
load firmware while unconnected to Mavlink.
Select Initial Setup, Install Firmware, and select your vehicle.

When prompted, follow the directions to load the firmware. Once the status bar shows that the download is
complete, power cycle the board by disconnecting and reconnecting the USB.

If you hear a musical tone, your firmware installation is complete. If you hear a series of tones followed by three
beeps, disconnect the USB and reconnect while holding down the safety button. Upon restart, listen for a series
of tones followed by two beeps indicating that your firmware has loaded successfully.

Everything is OK:                                                 beep BEEP beep...

musical tone                                                      BEEP BEEP

Pixhawk needs your attention:
beep BEEP beep... BEEP BEEP BEEP

4 CALIBRATE

With Pixhawk connected to your computer, select the communication option from the drop-down menu for
PX4 FMU, set the rate to 115200, and select the Connect icon. Select Initial Setup and Mandatory Hardware to
access the calibration wizards.

!

 Remove propellers before performing calibration.
SELECT FRAME TYPE (COPTERS ONLY)

      For copter, select your frame orientation.

CALIBRATE COMPASS

    Select the options to enable the compass; to allow automatic declination
    calculation; and to specify Pixhawk. Select Live Calibration to launch the wizard,
    and follow the prompts.
   Show Me
    videos demonstrating live calibration techniques at 3dr.com/learn.
CALIBRATE ACCELEROMETER

Select Accel Calibration, check the box for AC 3.0+, select Calibrate, and
follow the prompts to calibrate Pixhawk's accelerometer. Make sure to wait a
couple of seconds before and after changing the positions of the vehicle.

RC CALIBRATION

                5

                                      4                                                left stick
                                      6                                                right stick

     Select Radio Calibration to teach Pixhawk to work with your RC
     transmitter. Turn on your transmitter, select Calibrate Radio, and move
     all sticks and switches to their extreme positions. Select Click when Done
     once the red bars are set for all available channels.

SELECT FLIGHT MODES

Move each switch on your transmitter to its available positions. The mission
planner will indicate the currently selected position with green highlighting. Select
a mode for each switch position, and select Save Modes to assign.
LED MEANINGS

                                  Flashing red and blue: initializing. Please wait.
                                  Double flashing yellow: error. System refuses to arm.
                                  Flashing blue: disarmed, searching for GPS. Autonomous, loiter, and return-to-launch
                                  modes require GPS lock.
                                  Flashing green: disarmed, GPS lock acquired. Ready to arm. Quick double tone when
                                  disarming from the armed state.
                                  Solid green plus single long tone: armed and ready to fly!
                                  Flashing yellow: RC failsafe activated.

                                  Flashing yellow plus quick repeating tone: battery failsafe activated.

                                  Flashing yellow and blue plus high-high-high-low tone: GPS glitch or GPS failsafe
                                  activated.

SAFETY SWITCH MEANINGS

                                   Quick, constant blinking: performing system check. Please wait.
                                   Intermittent blinking: system ready. Press the safety button to activate.
                                   Solid: ready to arm. Proceed to the arming procedure.

   Learn more
    about LED meanings and buzzer tones at 3dr.com/learn.
PORTS                                                          1 Spektrum DSM receiver
                                                               2 Telemetry (radio telemetry)
   1                                                           3 Telemetry (on-screen display)
   2                                            7 4  USB
   3                                                           5  SPI (serial peripheral interface) bus
   4                                            8 6  Power module
   5                                                           7  Safety switch button
   6                                                           8  Buzzer
                                                9 9 Serial
                                                10 10 GPS module
                                                               11  CAN (controller area network) bus
                                                11 12  I2C splitter or compass module
                                                12 13  Analog to digital converter 6.6 V
                                                               14 Analog to digital converter 3.3 V
                                                               15  LED indicator

                                                13
                                                14
                                                15

                                12

       34

1 Input/output reset button         3  4
2 SD card
3 Flight management reset button
4 Micro-USB port

                                12

           ground
            power
            signal

1 Radio control receiver input
2 S.Bus output
3 Main outputs
4 Auxiliary outputs
IMPORTANT NOTE

Please note that these instructions describe basic setup for Pixhawk and do not represent the
complete set of configuration procedures required to build a copter, plane, or rover.

For more information on ESC calibration, battery monitoring, failsafes, mode descriptions,
and more, visit ardupilot.com. Do not operate your vehicle without a complete understanding
of the online instructions.

SPECIFICATIONS                                       Dimensions
                                                     Weight 38 g (1.3 oz)
Processor                                            Width 50 mm (2.0")
32-bit ARM Cortex M4 core with FPU                   Height 15.5 mm (.6")
168 Mhz/256 KB RAM/2 MB Flash                        Length 81.5 mm (3.2")
32-bit failsafe co-processor

Sensors
ST Micro 16-bit gyroscope
ST Micro 14-bit accelerometer/magnetometer
MEAS barometer
MPU6000 accelerometer/magnetometer

Power
Ideal diode controller with automatic failover
Servo rail high-power (7 V) and high-current ready
All peripheral outputs over-current protected, all
inputs ESC protected

Interfaces
5x UART serial ports, 1 high-power capable, 2x with
HW flow control
Spektrum DSM/DSM2/DSM-X Satellite input
Futaba S.BUS input and output
PPM sum signal
RSSI (PWM or voltage) input
I2C, SPI, 2x CAN, USB
3.3 and 6.6 ADC inputs

SUPPORT

For more information about Pixhawk and other documentation, visit
3dr.com/learn. For more instruction on using APM firmware and
planner software, visit ardupilot.com.

For customer support, contact us at help@3dr.com or call our
support line at +1 (858) 225-1414 Monday through Friday, 8 am to 5 pm, PST.
SAFETY

Operating a powered vehicle of any kind can be a lot of fun, but it carries certain inherent risks. Regulations
governing the use of powered vehicles, including aircraft, vary from locale to locale, even within the same country
or district. It is your responsibility to ensure that you understand and comply with all local laws and regulations.

Safety basics:
 · Never operate the vehicle or software in a way that could be dangerous to you, other people, or property.
 · Always keep propeller arcs free of objects and body parts while the vehicle is live.
 · Keep in mind that software and hardware failures happen. Although we design our products to minimize
     such issues, you should always operate with the understanding that a failure could occur at any time and
     without warning. Accordingly, you should take the appropriate precautions to minimize danger in case of
     product failure.
 · Never use the software or hardware for manned vehicles.
 · Always operate within local laws and regulations.
 · Do not operate the aircraft if you are under the age of 18.

Additional safety information:
 · Be sure to maintain safe distances between people and your aircraft.
 · Never operate your aircraft if your ability to do so with the utmost attention to safety is impaired in any
     way. Do not operate your aircraft while tired, under the influence of drugs or alcohol, or otherwise unable to
     operate it with the highest attention to safety.
 · Environment conditions can change rapidly and can make operation difficult. If this occurs, land your aircraft
     and discontinue use immediately. Do not operate your aircraft if operating conditions are not ideal. This
     includes, but is not limited to, rain, snow or excessive wind.
 · Always ensure the battery cable is disconnected from the aircraft until you are ready to fly, and ensure that
     your batteries are fully charged prior to use.
 · Always turn on the transmitter and ensure the throttle stick is all the way down before connecting the
     battery.
 · After landing, disarm your vehicle immediately and disconnect the battery cable.
 · Do not turn off the transmitter until after you have disconnected the battery.
 · Always remove the propellers while testing the motors.
 · When the battery is connected, always assume the vehicle is live and the motors are armed.
 · Do not attempt to fly longer than the battery's safe capacity.
 · Do not operate the vehicle with excess weight attached.
 · Ensure that all vehicle components are well maintained before each flight. Ensure that components are
     firmly attached and operating properly.
 · Replace any worn or damaged components before each flight. Never operate with any damaged or worn
     components.
 · SAFETY IS THE FIRST PRIORITY. Take all precautions necessary to ensure your own safety as well as the
     safety of other people and property.
DISCLAIMER

THE LIMITED WARRANTIES APPLICABLE TO 3D ROBOTICS-BRANDED HARDWARE CAN BE FOUND AT
WWW.3DROBOTICS.COM/TERMS/ AND CAN BE REFERENCED IN FULL AT THAT URL. 3D ROBOTICS
RESERVES THE RIGHT TO UPDATE THE WARRANTIES AT ANY TIME WITHOUT EXPRESS NOTICE. 3D
ROBOTICS MAKES NO OTHER WARRANTIES FOR 3D ROBOTICS-BRANDED PRODUCTS, AND MAKES
NO WARRANTIES WHATSOEVER FOR SERVICE, SOFTWARE, MAINTENANCE OR SUPPORT FOR NON-3D
ROBOTICS-BRANDED PRODUCTS. SUCH PRODUCTS, SOFTWARE, SERVICES, MAINTENANCE OR SUPPORT
IS PROVIDED BY 3D ROBOTICS "AS IS" AND ANY THIRD-PARTY WARRANTIES, PRODUCTS, SOFTWARE,
SERVICES, MAINTENANCE OR SUPPORT ARE PROVIDED BY THE ORIGINAL MANUFACTURER OR
SUPPLIER, NOT BY 3D ROBOTICS. 3D ROBOTICS MAKES NO EXPRESS WARRANTIES EXCEPT THOSE STATED
IN 3D ROBOTICS' APPLICABLE WARRANTY IN EFFECT ON THE DATE OF THE INVOICE, PACKING SLIP OR
ACKNOWLEDGEMENT.

3D ROBOTICS OFFERS THE HARDWARE AS-IS AND MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF
ANY KIND CONCERNING THE HARDWARE, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE,
INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, WARRANTIES OF TITLE, MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, OR THE ABSENCE OF LATENT OR OTHER DEFECTS,
ACCURACY, OR THE PRESENCE OF ABSENCE OF ERRORS, WHETHER OR NOT DISCOVERABLE. SOME
JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES, SO SUCH EXCLUSION MAY
NOT APPLY TO YOU.

EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL 3D ROBOTICS BE LIABLE TO
YOU ON ANY LEGAL THEORY FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR
EXEMPLARY DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF THE HARDWARE.

3D ROBOTICS ACCEPTS NO LIABILITY FOR DAMAGE(S) OR INJURIES INCURRED DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY
FROM THE USE OF THIS PRODUCT.

SOFTWARE IS SUBJECT TO THE SEPARATE SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT ACCOMPANYING OR MADE
AVAILABLE TO YOU IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE. A PORTION OF THE SOFTWARE MAY
CONTAIN OR CONSIST OF OPEN-SOURCE SOFTWARE, WHICH YOU MAY USE UNDER THE TERMS AND
CONDITIONS OF THE SPECIFIC LICENSE UNDER WHICH THE OPEN-SOURCE SOFTWARE IS DISTRIBUTED.
YOU AGREE THAT YOU WILL BE BOUND BY ANY AND ALL SUCH LICENSE AGREEMENTS, AND THAT YOUR
USAGE OF THIS PRODUCT INDICATES YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THOSE AGREEMENTS. TITLE TO SOFTWARE
REMAINS WITH THE APPLICABLE LICENSOR(S). IN NO EVENT WILL 3D ROBOTICS BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR
DAMAGES, INCLUDING ANY GENERAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING
OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE SOFTWARE.

                                                                             Pixhawk Kit User Guide V8 © 3D Robotics, Inc. 20 March 2014
