April 22, 2015

                                                          Exemption No. 11404
                                                          Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­0120

Mr. Gary North
Business Partner
Just 1 UAV
5440 South Lakeshore Drive
Suite 102
Tempe, AZ 85283

Dear Mr. North:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

The Basis for Our Decision

By letter dated January 10, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA)
on behalf of Just 1 UAV (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption. The exemption
would allow the petitioner to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct a UAS
Flight Instruction Program to introduce students to the elements of UAS operation from a
commercial and noncommercial perspective and how these operations must fit into the
National Airspace System.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.
                                                                                                2

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a DJI Phantom 2 Vision Plus.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection. The FAA has issued grants of

exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or

crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in

addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled

by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

· They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

· The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

· A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Just 1 UAV is granted an exemption from 14 CFR
§§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121,
91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to the
extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.
                                                                                                                 3

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Just 1 UAV is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom 2
         Vision Plus when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed
         operations of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this
         exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC must
         be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
         documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
         Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
                                                                                                            4

    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update or
    revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then the
    operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's UAS
    Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding updates or
    revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g. replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g. inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.
                                                                                                            5

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.
                                                                                                            6

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating. These
    documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

    The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
    nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
    reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
    contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.
                                                                                                                 7

 If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
 television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.

This exemption terminates on April, 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service
          5440 South Lakeshore Drive, Suite 102, Tempe, Arizona, 85283

          January 10, 2015

          U. S. Department of Transportation
          Docket Management System
          1200 New Jersey Ave., SE
          Washington, DC 20590

          REF: DOT/FAA Petition for Exemption

          Dear Sir or Madam:

                    Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012
          ("Reform Act") and 14 CFR Part 11, Just 1 UAV, ("Petitioner"), for the purpose of
          creating a UAV educational and pilot training program, hereby applies for an exemption
          from Federal Aviation Regulations ("FARs") identified below, to allow commercial
          operation of small unmanned aerial systems ("sUAS") so long as such operations are
          conducted within an under the conditions outlined herein or as may be established by the
          FAA as required by Section 333.1

                    This exemption is in accordance with protocols outlined in this petition for
          exemption, protocols defined in the following proprietary and confidential documents:

          Exhibit A ­ Flight and Maintenance Information Manual
          Exhibit B - Standard Operating Procedures
          Exhibit C ­ Pilots Operating Handbook

                    Petitioner submits Exhibits A-C, its Manuals, as a Confidential documents under
          14 CFR § 11.35(b), as the Manuals contain confidential commercial and proprietary
          information that the Petitioner has not and will not share with others. The Manuals
          contain operating conditions and procedures that are not available to the public and are
          protected from release under the Freedom of information Act 5 U.S.C. § 552 et.seq. Just
          1 UAV manuals will be hand delivered with appropriate reference to content, contained
          in this document.

   1  
          For your convenience, this Petition is organized as follows:

          1. Description of Petitioner
          2. Description of Proposed Operation
          3. Relevant Statutory Authority
          4. Just 1 UAV Proposed UAS Operations Meet the Requirements of Section 333 of

                    the Reform Act

                    A. Approval is Warranted Based on the UAS's Size, Weight, Speed, and
                              Operational Capability

                    B. Approval is Warranted Based on the Operational Restrictions Set Forth
                              in the Just 1 UAV Ops/Flight Manual

          5. Regulations from which the exemption is requested:
                   14 C.F.R. Part 21
                    14 C.F.R. 45.23(b)
                    14C.F.R. 61.113 (a) & (b)
                    14 C.F.R. 91.7 (a)
                    14 C.F.R. 91.9 (b) (2)
                    14 C.F.R. 91.103
                    14 C.F.R. 91.109
                    14 C.F.R. 91.119
                    14 C.F.R. 91.121
                    14 C.F.R. 91.151 (a)
                    14 C.F.R. 91.203 (a) & (b)
                    14 C.F.R. 91.405 (a)
                    14 C.F.R. 407 (a) (1)
                    14 C.F.R. 409 (a) (2)
                    14 C.F.R. 417 (a) & (b)

          6. Public Interest
          7. Privacy
          8. Conclusion

   2  
         1.    Petitioner's  Description  

          The name and address of the applicant is:

          Just 1 UAV
          5440 South Lakeshore Drive, Suite 102
          Tempe, Arizona, 85283
          Business Partners
          Justin Harvey
          jharvey@just1uav.com
          480-359-9795
          Gary North
          gnorth@just1uav.com
          916-749-9120

          Document prepared by Gary North

                    The partners of Just 1 UAV have combined aviation experience and successful
          business development expertise. Experience includes an FAA licensed Airline Transport
          Pilot, holding a current First Class Medial Certificate. Having over 30 years of extensive
          Federal Aviation Regulations knowledge and flight experience within the National
          Airspace System. Each partner has experience in successful business development and
          business ownership.

         2.    Description  of  Proposed  Operations    

                    Just 1 UAV intends to establish a UAS Flight Instruction Program. This program
          will introduce students to the elements of UAS operation from a commercial and
          noncommercial perspective and how these operations must fit into the National Air Space
          System "NAS"). All UAS training and instruction activities will occur under tightly
          controlled conditions on property that is more than five miles from any airport. Upon
          completion of Just 1 UAV's Program, students will be provided with a Certificate of
          Completion. This "Certificate of Completion" does not permit the student to engage in
          commercial UAS activities that are not in accordance with the FARs, but rather, is
          intended to be an acknowledgement that the student has successfully demonstrated a
          complete understanding of UAS operations from a NAS perspective. This exemption
          request is an opportunity to not only prepare UAS pilots for aviation and aerospace
          careers in the UAS industry, but also to collaborate with the FAA to study and address
          training and qualification needs specific to the UAS industry. Furthermore, Just 1 UAV
          will coordinate and continuously update its curriculum to take advantage of new guidance

   3  
          and regulations proposed and implemented by the FAA. Just 1 UAV is committed to
          ensuring that its instruction program not only is compliant, but always reflects best
          practices in the UAS industry.

         3.    Relevant  Statutory  Authority  

                    Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (the
          Reform Act) and 14 C.F.R. Part 11, Just 1 UAV, developer and operator of Small
          Unmanned Aircraft Systems ("sUASs") for the purpose of creating a UAS educational
          and pilot training program, hereby applies for an exemption from the listed Federal
          Aviation Regulations ("FARs") to allow commercial operation of its sUASs, so long as
          such operations are conducted within and under the conditions outlined herein or as may
          be established by the FAA as required by Section 333.

                    As described more fully below, the requested exemption would permit the
          operation of small, unmanned and relatively inexpensive sUAS under controlled
          conditions in airspace that is; 1) limited 2) predetermined 3) controlled as to access and
          4) would provide safety enhancements to the already safe educational and pilot training
          programs presently using conventional aircraft. Approval of this exemption would
          thereby enhance safety and fulfill the Secretary of Transportation's (the FAA
          Administrator's) responsibilities to "...establish requirements for the safe operation of
          such aircraft systems in the national airspace system." Section 333(c) of the Reform
          Act.

         4.    Qualification  for  Approval  Under  Section  333  of  the  Reform  Act    

          1. The UAS weighs 55 pounds or less.

          2. Flights will be operated within the visual-line-of sight of a pilot and an observer.

          3. Maximum total flight time for each operational flight will be 30 minutes. Flights
                    will be terminated at 25% battery power reserve should that occur prior to the 30
                    minute limit.

          4. Flights will be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet AGL and will not
                    be conducted within navigable controlled airspace without prior written
                    authorization from the FAA.

   4  
          5. Flights will be operated at a lateral distance of at least 500 feet from any persons,
                    inhabited structures, vehicles or vessels that are not involved in the operation
                    unless permission has been received and appropriate waivers have been signed
                    by the persons or property owners in advance.

          6. Flights will be limited to a speed of 35 mph and vertical ascent will be limited to
                    15 mph.

          7. The UAS will be operated and maintained in accordance with the requirements of
                    the Manufacturer's Manuals and any manufacturer Safety Bulletins.

          8. Prior to the operation, the flights will be fully preplanned and briefed, including
                    possible contingencies and emergency procedures.

          9. If required, Just 1 UAV will file FAA Form 7711-1, or its equivalent with the
                    appropriate Flight Standards District Office and/or air traffic control ("ATC")
                    facility between 72 and 48 hours before the flight.

          10. All required permissions and permits will be obtained from territorial, state,
                    county or city jurisdictions, including local law enforcement, fire or other
                    appropriate governmental agencies.

          11. If the UAS loses communication with the pilot, it will have the capability to
                    return to the sterile area home launch location or a pre-determined safe abort
                    location.

          12. Contingency plans will be in place to safely terminate flight if there is a loss of
                    communication between the pilot and the observer.

          13. The UAS will have the capability to abort flight in the case of unpredicted
                    obstacles or emergencies.

          14. UAS pilot will be an FAA licensed airman with at least a private pilot's
                    certificate and third class medical. The observer will hold at least a third class
                    medical.

          15. All UAS operations will occur in daylight, Visual Flight Recognition ("VFR")
                    conditions. IFR flights are prohibited and no flights will occur at night, or in
                    adverse weather conditions.

          16. The UAS will be controlled by the Phantom 2 2.4GHz Remote Control System
                    and the radio frequency spectrum used for operation and control of the UA shall

   5  
                    comply with the Federal Communications Commission ("FCC") or other
                    appropriate government oversight agency requirements.

         5.    Petitioner  Requests  Exemption  From  the  Following  Regulations  
          

          14 CFR Part 21, Subpart H: Airworthiness Certificates 14 C.F.R. §91.203(a)(l)

                    Subpart H, entitled Airworthiness Certificates, establishes the procedural
          requirements for the issuance of airworthiness certificates as required by FAR §91.203
          (a) (1). Given the size and limited operating area associated with the aircraft to be
          utilized by the Just 1 UAV, an exemption from Part 21 Subpart H meets the
          requirements of an equivalent level of safety under Part 11 and Section 333 of the
          Reform Act. The Federal Aviation Act (49 U.S.C.§44701 (f)) and Section 333 of the
          Reform Act both authorize the FAA to exempt aircraft from the requirement for an
          airworthiness certificate, upon consideration of the size, weight, speed, operational
          capability, and proximity to airports and populated areas of the particular UAS. Our
          small UAS will be operated at low speed in a controlled environment, at least five miles
          from an airport and more than three miles from any city or densely populated area. An
          analysis of these criteria demonstrates that the UAS operated without an airworthiness
          certificate, in the restricted environment and under the conditions proposed will be at
          least as safe, or safer, than a conventional aircraft (fixed wing or helicopter) operating
          with an airworthiness certificate without the restrictions and conditions proposed.

                    The sUAS to be operated hereunder is less than 55 lbs. fully loaded, carries
          neither a pilot nor passenger, carries no explosive materials or flammable liquid fuels,
          and operates exclusively within a secured area as set out in the Manual. Like other civil
          aircraft, operations under this exemption will be tightly controlled and monitored by the
          operator, pursuant to the Manual's requirements, and under the requirements and in
          compliance with local public safety requirements, to provide security for the area of
          operation as is currently done on active construction sites. The FAA will have advance
          notice of all operations.

                    These safety enhancements, which already apply to civil aircraft operated in
          connection with flight training, provide a greater degree of safety to the public and
          property owners than conventional operations conducted with airworthiness certificates
          issued under 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H. Lastly, application of these same criteria
          demonstrates that there is no credible threat to national security posed by the UAS, due
          to its size, speed of operation, location of operation, lack of explosive materials or
          flammable liquid fuels, and ability to carry an external load no greater than two lbs.

   6  
          14 C.F.R. 45.23(b): Marking of the Aircraft

                    This regulation requires certain experimental, provisionally certificated aircraft,
          or light- sport category aircraft to be marked with letters between 2 inches and 6 inches
          high "limited," "restricted," "light-sport," "experimental," or "provisional," near each
          entrance to a cabin, cockpit, or pilot station.

                    Even though the UAS will have no airworthiness certificate, an exemption may
          be needed as the UAS will have no entrance to the cabin, cockpit or pilot station on
          which the word "Experimental" can be placed. Given the size of the sUAS, two-inch
          lettering will be impossible. The word "Experimental" will be placed on the fuselage in
          compliance with §45.29 (f).

                    The equivalent level of safety will be provided by having the sUAS marked on
          its fuselage as required by §45.29 (f) where the pilot, observer and others working with
          the sUAS will see the identification of the UAS as "Experimental." The FAA has issued
          the following exemptions to this regulation: Exemptions Nos. 10700, 8738, 10167 and
          10167A.

          14 CFR 61.113 (a) & (b): Private pilot privileges and limitations: Pilot in command

                    Sections 61.113 (a) & (b) limit private pilots to non-commercial operations.
          Because the UAS will not carry a pilot or passengers, the proposed operations can
          achieve the equivalent level of safety of current operations by requiring the pilot
          operating the aircraft to have completed a UAS flight training course before flying a
          UAS. Unlike a conventional aircraft that carries the pilot and passengers, the sUAS is
          remotely controlled with no living thing or cargo on board. The area of operation is
          controlled and restricted, and all flights are planned and coordinated in advance as set
          forth in the Manual. The risks associated with the operation of the sUAS are so
          diminished from the level of risk associated with commercial operations contemplated
          by Part 61 when drafted, that allowing operations of the sUAS as requested with a pilot
          who has met the minimum requirements stated in the Manual exceeds the present level
          of safety achieved by 14 C.F.R. §61.113 (a) & (b).

          14 C.F.R. 91.7 (a): Civil aircraft airworthiness

                    The regulation requires that no person may operate a civil aircraft unless it is in
          airworthy condition. As there will be no airworthiness certificate issued for the aircraft,
          should this exemption be granted, no FAA regulatory standard will exist for determining

   7  
          airworthiness. Given the size of the aircraft and the requirements contained in the
          Manual for maintenance and use of safety checklists prior to each flight, an equivalent
          level of safety will be provided.

          14 CFR 91.9 (b)(2): Civil aircraft flight manual, marking, and placard
          requirements

                    The sUAS, given its size and configuration has no ability or place to carry such
          a flight manual on the aircraft, not only because there is no pilot on board, but because
          there is no room or capacity to carry such an item on the aircraft.

                    The equivalent level of safety will be maintained by keeping the flight manual
          at the ground control point where the pilot flying the sUAS will have immediate access
          to it. The FAA has issued the following exemptions to this regulation: Exemption Nos.
          8607, 8737, 8738, 9299, 9299A, 9565, 9565B, 10167, 10167A, 10602, 32827, and
          10700.

          14 C.F.R. 91.103: Preflight Action

                    This regulation requires each pilot in command take certain actions before flight
          to ensure the safety of flight. An exemption is needed from this requirement, as the pilot
          will take separate preflight actions, including checking for weather conditions, checking
          flight battery requirements, checking takeoff and landing distances, and all other actions
          in the Preflight Checklist in the Manual. These actions will provide an equivalent level
          of safety.

          14 C.F.R. 91.109: Flight Instruction

                    Section 91.103 provides that no person may operate a civil aircraft (except a
          manned free balloon) that is being used for flight instruction unless that aircraft has fully
          functioning dual controls.

                    By design, sUASs and remotely piloted aircraft do not have fully functional
          dual controls. Flight control is accomplished through the use of a control box that
          communicates with the aircraft via radio communications. The FAA has previously
          approved exemptions for aircraft without fully functional dual controls. The equivalent
          level of safety provided by the fact that neither a pilot nor passengers will be carried in
          the aircraft, the ability to control the sUAS via radio signals from the controller, and by

   8  
          the size and speed of the aircraft.

          14 C.F. R. 91.119: Minimum Safe Altitudes

                    Section 91.119 establishes safe altitudes for operation of civil aircraft. Section
          91.119 (d) allows helicopters to be operated at less than the minimums prescribed,
          provided the person operating the helicopter complies with any route or altitudes
          prescribed for helicopters by the FAA. This exemption is for a multirotor craft that flies
          similarly to a helicopter, with vertical take off and vertical landing, which will typically
          operate at altitudes of 200 AGL, so an exemption, may be needed to allow such
          operations. The UAS will never operate at altitude higher than 400 AGL and will be in a
          restricted area with security perimeter, where buildings and people will not be exposed
          to operations without their pre-obtained consent. See Manual for detailed procedures.

                    The equivalent level of safety will be achieved given the size, weight, speed of
          the UAS as well as the location where it is operated. No flight will be taken without the
          permission of the property owner or local officials. Because of the advance notice to the
          property owner and any onsite personnel as outlined in the Manual, all affected
          individuals will be aware of the planned flight operations. Compared to flight operations
          with aircraft or rotorcraft weighting far more than the maximum 55 lbs. proposed herein
          and carrying flammable fuel, any risk associated with our operations is far less than
          those presently presented with helicopters and other conventional aircraft operating at or
          below 500 AGL in the flight training industry. In addition, the low-altitude operations
          of the sUAS will ensure separation between these small- UAS operations and the
          operations of conventional aircraft that must comply with Section 91.119.

          14 C.F.R. 91.121: Altimeter Settings

                    This regulation requires each person operating an aircraft to maintain cruising
          altitude by reference to an altimeter that is set "...to the elevation of the departure airport
          or an appropriate altimeter setting available before departure." As the sUAS may not
          have a barometric altimeter, but instead a GPS altitude read out, an exemption may be
          needed. An equivalent level of safety will be achieved by the operator, pursuant to the
          Manual and Safety Check list, confirming the altitude of the launch site shown on the
          GPS altitude indicator before flight.

   9  
          14 CFR 91.151 (a): Fuel requirements for flight in VFR conditions

                    Section 91.151 (a) outlines fuel requirements for beginning a flight in VFR
          conditions. Our UAS is limited to operations in sterile and controlled environments as
          outlined in the Manual, and has a limited range and flight time which require an
          exemption from 14 CFR 91.151(a).

                    The battery powering the sUAS provides approximately 35 minutes of powered
          flight. To meet the 30-minute reserve requirement in 14 CFR §91.151, sUAS flights
          would be limited to approximately 5 minutes in length. Given the limitations on the
          UAS' s proposed flight area and the location of its proposed operations within a
          predetermined area, a longer time frame for flight in daylight or night VFR conditions is
          reasonable.

                    Just 1 UAV believes that an exemption from 14 CFR §91.15l(a) falls within the
          scope of prior exemptions. See Exemption 10673 (allowing Lockheed Martin
          Corporation to operate without compliance with FAR 91.151 (a)). Operating the small
          UAS, in a tightly controlled area where only people and property owners or official
          representatives who have signed waivers will be allowed, with less than 30 minutes of
          reserve fuel, does not engender the type of risks that Section 91.151(a) was intended to
          alleviate given the size and speed of the small UAS. Additionally, limiting sUAS flights
          to 10 minutes would greatly reduce the utility for which the exemption will be granted.

                    An equivalent level of safety can be achieved by limiting flights to 30 minutes,
          or enough battery reserve to ensure that the sUAS lands at the ground station with at
          least 25% of battery power (as determined by the onboard monitoring system and the
          pilot), whichever happens first. This restriction would be more than adequate to return
          the sUAS to its planned landing zone from anywhere in its limited operating area.

                    Similar exemptions have been granted to other operations, including
          Exemptions 2689F, 5745, 10673, and 10808.

          14 CFR 91.203 (a) & (b): Carrying civil aircraft certification and registration

                    The regulation provides in part:

                    (a) Except as provided in § 91.715, no person may operate a civil
                              aircraft unless it has within it the following:

                              (1) An appropriate and current airworthiness certificate. . . .

   10  
                    (b) No person may operate a civil aircraft unless the airworthiness
                              certificate required by paragraph (a) of this section or a special flight
                              authorization issued under §91.715 is displayed at the cabin or cockpit
                              entrance so that it is legible to passengers or crew.

                    The UAS fully loaded weighs no more than 55lbs and is operated without an
          onboard pilot. Therefore there is no ability or place to carry certification and registration
          documents or to display them on the sUAS.

                    An industry enhances safety while reducing risk. Manned aircraft monitoring
          and surveying creates a greater risk because the craft are much larger, have combustible
          fuel, and carry an onboard human pilot. In contrast, a sUAS weighing fewer than 55 lbs.
          and powered by batteries eliminates virtually all of that risk given the reduced mass and
          lack of combustible fuel carried on board. The sUAS will carry no passengers or crew
          and, therefore, will not expose them to the risks associated with manned aircraft flights.

                    The operation of small UASs, weighting less than 55 lbs., conducted in the
          strict conditions outlined above, will provide an equivalent level of safety supporting the
          grant of the exemptions requested herein, including exempting the applicant from the
          requirements of Part 21 and allowing commercial operations. These lightweight aircraft
          operate at slow speeds, close to the ground, and in a sterile environment and, as a result,
          are far safer than conventional operations conducted with turbine helicopters operating
          in close proximity to the ground and people.

                    An equivalent level of safety will be achieved by keeping these documents at
          the ground flight control point where the pilot flying the sUAS will have immediate
          access to them, to the extent they are applicable to the sUAS. The FAA has issued
          numerous exemptions to this regulation. A representative sample of other exceptions
          includes Exemption Nos. 9565, 9665, 9789, 9789A, 9797, 9797A, 9816A, and 10700.

          14 CFR 91.405 (a); 407 (a)(l); 409 (a)(2); 417 (a) & (b): Maintenance inspections

                    These regulations require that an aircraft operator or owner "shall have that
          aircraft inspected as prescribed in subpart E of this part and shall between required
          inspections, except as provided in paragraph (c) of this section, have discrepancies
          repaired as prescribed in part 43 of this chapter ...," and others shall inspect or maintain
          the aircraft in compliance with Part 43.

                    Given that these section and Part 43 apply only to aircraft with an airworthiness
          certificate, these sections will not apply to Just 1 UAV. Maintenance will be
          accomplished by the operator pursuant to the flight manual and operating handbook as

   11  
          referenced in the Manual. An equivalent level of safety will be achieved because these
          small UASs are very limited in size and will carry a small payload and operate only in
          restricted areas for limited periods of time. If mechanical issues arise the UAS can land
          immediately and will be operating from no higher than 400 feet AGL. As provided in
          the Manual, the operator will ensure that the UAS is in working order prior to initiating
          flight, perform required maintenance, and keep a log of any maintenance performed.
          Moreover, the operator is the person most familiar with the aircraft and best suited to
          maintain the aircraft in an airworthy condition to provide the equivalent level of safety.

          
         6.    Public  Interest  
          

                    The public as a whole will benefit from a collaborative relationship between the
          FAA and Just 1 UAV that focuses on the safe promotion of best practices for training and
          qualification needs specific to the UAS industry. The proposed UAS operations in this
          Petition for Exemption will also improve safety and reduce risk by alleviating the public's
          exposure to danger associated with student flight training utilizing full size fixed-wing
          aircraft and rotorcraft. The UASs Petitioner intends to use are battery powered and create
          no emissions. Moreover, in the unlikely event that one of Petitioner's UASs crash, there is
          no fuel to ignite and explode. Any accident involving Petitioner's lightweight UASs will
          present significantly less danger to the pilot and other individuals on the ground than one
          involving a full size helicopter.

          
          
         7.    Privacy    
          

                    All Just 1 UAV operations shall be conducted in accordance with applicable
          federal, state, or local laws regarding privacy. Just 1 UAV will not conduct flight
          operations over property that it does not own or control without the prior consent and
          knowledge of the property owner. Moreover, Just 1 UAV will not capture or use images
          from neighboring properties within the vicinity of UAS flight operations.

          
           
         8.    Conclusion  
          

                    Just 1 UAV's Petition for Exemption satisfies the criteria articulated in Section
          333 of the Reform Act of 2012 including weight, speed, operating capabilities, proximity
          to airports and populated areas, operation within visual line-of-sight and national
          security. The proposed UAS operations will benefit the public as a whole by fostering a
          collaborative relationship between the FAA and Just 1 UAV which focuses on UAS

   12  
          training, qualifications, and processes involving the safe and efficient operation of UAS
          in the NAS.
  
          If additional information is required, or if you have any questions, please contact Just 1
          UAV Business Partner, Gary North at 916-749-9120 or gnorth@just1uav.com
          Sincerely,

          Gary North
          Just 1 UAV
          Business Partner

   13  
