May 1, 2015

                                                          Exemption No. 11479
                                                          Regulatory Docket No. FAA-2015-0035

Mr. Justin R. Dodge
Development Coordinator
Hunziker Companies
105 South 16th Street
Ames, IA 50010

Dear Mr. Dodge:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

The Basis for Our Decision

By letter dated January 8, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) an
exemption. The exemption would allow the petitioner to operate an unmanned aircraft system
(UAS) to conduct aerial videography and cinematography to enhance academic community
awareness for those individuals and companies unfamiliar with the geographical layout of
Central Iowa and augment real estate listing videos.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a DJI Phantom 2 Vision +.
                                                                                                                 2

In accordance with the statutory criteria provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in
reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited
operating area associated with the aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation
has determined that this aircraft meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA
finds that the relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts,
Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing
requirements of part 36, is not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption No. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Lab, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Mr. Justin Dodge is granted an exemption from 14 CFR
§§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121,
91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to the
extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Mr. Justin Dodge is hereafter referred to as the operator.
                                                                                                                 3

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom 2
         Vision + when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations
         of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC must
         be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
         documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
         Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
         limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
         the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
         Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
         documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
         operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
         documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
                                                                                                            4

    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update or
    revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then the
    operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's UAS
    Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding updates or
    revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g. replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g. inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and aircraft
    components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer safety
    bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
                                                                                                            5

    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current FAA-
    published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a pre-
    determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification (N-
    Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must be
    as large as practicable.
                                                                                                               6

   23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
       any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
       PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating. These
       documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
       official upon request.

   24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
       activities at all times.

   25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

   26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
       persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
          a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
             from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
             that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
             where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
             the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
             of nonparticipating persons; and
          b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
             for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
             the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
             present an undue hazard.

       The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
       nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

   27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
       permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
       Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
       obtained for each flight to be conducted.

   28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
       boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
       to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
       reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
       contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

   29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
       as documented in this grant of exemption.
                                                                                                                 7

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.

This exemption terminates on May, 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,
/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service
       ll ll'l\ I l1S                  1O5 So. f6il'Street
                                       Arnes, lcwa 50010
January 8, 2015
                                            (515) 233-4450
U.S. Department of Transportation
Docket Management System
1200 New Jersey Ave., SE
Washington, DC 20590
Re: Exemption Pursuant to Section 333

Dear Mr. Pappas,

I a m seeking relief from the following 14 CFR's:

   t. 91.7(a)
   2. 91.119(c)
   3. 91,.121
   4. 91.151(a)
   s. 91.aos(a)
   6. s1.407(a)(1)
   7. s1.a0e(a)(1) and (2)
   8. el.atG) and (b)

I would like to operate the PHANTOM 2 Vision+ quad-copter unmanned aircraft system (UAS) in Central
lowa to conduct aerial videography and cinematography to enhance academic community awareness
for those individuals and companies unfamiliar with the geographical layout of Central lowa and
augment real estate listing videos.

I have been a CPL since 2004 with over 3,000 hours of Flight Time and currently hold a First Class
medical certificate. I also have held an active CFI license since 2004. Over the last nine years, I oversaw
flight operations for an aerial mapping company using fixed-wing aircraft. Currently, I am employed
with a real estate services business called Hunziker Companies with hopes to utilize a UAS. Over the
past two years, I have also been practicing with a rotorcraft UAS and have amassed an estimated 50
hours of Flight Time.

Below are the regulations I am seeking relief from and reason:

91..7(al - I believe that since no FAA regulatory standard exists for determining airworthiness of the UAS,

the regulation is inapplicable.
91.119(c) - Operations will need to occur at altitudes under 300 feet and closer than 500 feet to persons
or objects.

91'.121' -The system has a barometric altimeter and GPS derived altitude capabilities while the FAA
requires any altitude reported to ATC to be in feet AGL.

91.151(a) - The system does not have the capabilities to adhere to this regulation.

91.a05(a) - This section doesn't pertain to a UAS.

91.a07(a)(1) - This section doesn't pertain to a UAS.

91.409(a)(1) and (2)-This section doesn't pertain to a UAS.

9t.al7@) and (b) - This section doesn't pertain to a UAS.

I would be happy to comply with the following conditions:

L) Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the following aircraft described in the
operating documents which is a quad-rotor aircraft weighing less than 3 pounds: PHANTOM 2 Vision+
Unmanned Aircraft System. Proposed operations of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a
petition to amend this grant.

2)The UA may not be flown at an indicated airspeed exceeding 30 knots.

3) The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 300 feet above ground level (AGL), as
indicated by the procedures specified in the operating documents. All altitudes reported to ATC must be
in feet AGL.

4) The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the Pilot tn Command (ptc) at all times.
This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device otherthan corrective lenses,
as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate.

5) All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within the visual line of
sight (VLOS) of the VO at all times. The VO may be used to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the
PIC always maintains VLOS capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times.
The PIC must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the duration
of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the functions prescribed in the operating
documents.

6) The operating documents and this grant of exemption must be accessible during UAS operations and
made available to the Administrator upon request. lf a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents, the conditions
and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed. Otherwise, the operator must follow the
procedures as outlined in its operating documents. The operator may update or revise its operating
documents. lt is the operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
documents to the Administrator upon request. The operator must also present updated and revised
documents if he petitions for extension or amendment to this grant of exemption. lf the operator
determines that any update or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this
exemption, then the operator must petition for amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's UAS
lntegration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding updates or revisions to the
operating documents.

7) Prior to each flight, the PIC must inspect the UAS to ensure it is in a condition for safe flight. lf the
inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the UAS is prohibited from
operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the UAS is found to be in a
condition for safe flight. The Ground Control Station must be included in the preflight inspection. All
maintenance and alterations must be properly documented in the aircraft records.

8) Any UAS maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation or flight characteristics, e.g.
replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo a functional test flight. The PIC who conducts
the functionaltest flight must make an entry in the aircraft records.

9) The pre-flight inspection section in the operating documents must account for all discrepancies, i.e.
inoperable components, items, or equipment, not already covered in the relevant sections of the
operating documents.

10) The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's aircraft/component, maintenance, overhaul,
replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements.

11) The operator must carry out its maintenance, inspections, and record keeping requirements, in
accordance with the operating documents. Maintenance, inspection, and alterations must be noted in
the aircraft records, including total flight hours, description of work accomplished, and the signature of
the authorized person returning the UAS to service.

12) Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer Safety Bulletins.

13)The authorized person must make an entry in the aircraft record of the corrective action taken
against discrepancies discovered between inspections.

14) UAS operations must be conducted by a PIC possessing at least a private pilot certificate and at least
a current third-class medical certificate. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified
in L4 CFR 61".56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

15) Prior to operations conducted for the purpose of aerial videography/cinematography and
augmenting real estate listing videos (or similar operations), the PIC must have accumulated and logged,
in a manner consistent with 14 CFR 61.51(b), a minimum of 25 hours of total time as a UAS rotorcraft
pilot including at least 10 hours logged as a UAS pilot with a multi-rotor UAS. Prior documented flight
experience that was obtained in compliance with applicable regulations may satisfy this requirement.
Training, proficiency, and experience-building flights can also be conducted under this grant of
exemption to accomplish the required flighttime. However, said training operations mayonly be
conducted during dedicated training sessions. During training, proficiency, and experience-building
flights the PIC is required to operate the UA with appropriate distances in accordance with 14 CFR

91..1.r9.

16) Prior to operations conducted for the purpose of aerial videography/cinematography and
augmenting real estate listing videos (or similar operations), the PIC must have accumulated and logged,
in a manner consistent with 14 CFR 61.51(b), a minimum of 5 hours as UAS pilot operating the make and
modelof the UAS to be used in operations underthe exemption; 5 hours make and modeltime may be
included in the 10 hours of multi-rotor time prescribed above. The PIC must accomplish 3 take-offs and
landings in the preceding 90 days (for currency purposes). Training, proficiency, experience-building, and
take-off and landing currency flights can be conducted under this grant of exemption to accomplish the
required flight time and 90 day currency. However, said training operations may only be conducted
during dedicated training sessions. During training, proficiency, and experience-building flights the plC is
required to operate the UA with appropriate distances in accordance with 14 CFR 91.11-9.

17) The operator may not permit the PIC to operate the UAS for the purpose of aerial
videography/cinematography and augmenting real estate listing videos (or similar operations), unless
the PIC has demonstrated and logged in a manner consistent with 14 CFR 61.51(b), the ability to safely
operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated under this exemption,
including evasive and emergency maneuvers and maintaining appropriate distances from people,
vessels, vehicles and structures.

18) UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR 1.1. All operations must be
conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC).

19)The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point as denoted on a
current FAA-published aeronautical chart.

20) The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet horizontally from a
cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PlC.

21) lf the UA loses communications or loses its GPS signal, it must return to a pre-determined location
within the planned operating area and land or be recovered in accordance with the operating

documents.

22|The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies in accordance
with the operating documents.

23) The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast weather
conditions) there is enough power to fly at normal cruising speed to the intended landing point and land
the UA with 30% battery power remaining.

2a) The operator must obtain an Air Traffic Organization (ATO) issued Certificate of Waiver or
Authorization (COA) prior to conducting any operations under this grant of exemption. This COA will also
require the operatorto request a Notice to Airman (NOTAM)not more lhan72 hours in advance, but
not less than 48 hours prior to the operation.

25)All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial number,
registered in accordance with 14 CFR parl47, and have identification (N-Number) markings in
accordance with 1-4 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must be as large as practicable.

26) Before conducting operations, the radio frequency spectrum used for operation and control of the
UA must comply with the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) or other appropriate government
oversight agency requirements.

27) The documents required under l-4 CFR 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the PIC at the Ground
Control Station of the UAS any time the UAS is operating. These documents must be made available to
the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

28)The UA must remain clear and yield the right of way to all manned aviation operations and activities
at all times.

29) The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

30) The UA may not be operated over congested or densely populated areas.

31) Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating persons, vessels,
vehicles, and structures unless:

a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons from the UA
and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure that nonparticipating persons
remain under such protection. lf a situation arises where nonparticipating persons leave such protection
and are within 500 feet of the UA, flight operations must cease immediately and/or;

b. The aircraft is operated near vessels, vehicles or structures where the owner/controller of such
vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission and the PIC has made a safety assessment of the
risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not present an undue hazard, and;

c. Operations nearer to the PlC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons do not present an undue
hazard to those persons per 5 91.119(a).

32) All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with permission from
the land owner/controller or authorized representative. Permission from land owner/controller or
authorized representative will be obtained for each flight to be conducted.

33)Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical boundaries of the
operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported to the FAA's UAS lntegration Office
(AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be reported to the National Transportation Safety Board
(NTSB) per instructions contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.
   Along with this petition, I am submitting the PHANTOM Flying Flow Chart, PHANTOM Quick Start
    Manual and the PHANTOM 2 Vision+ User Manual.

    lf more information or documentation is needed to approve this exemption, please contact me at
    515.239.8676.

    Thank you for your consideration,

Crftrt
  hrustinR.Dodge
    Development Coordinator
     Hunziker Companies
