June 23, 2015

                                                          Exemption No. 11876
                                                          Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2014­1064

Mr. Suman Saripalli
Co-Owner
KalScott Engineering
811 East 28th Street
Lawrence, KS 66046

Dear Mr. Saripalli:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

The Basis for Our Decision

By letter dated December 1, 2014, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA)
on behalf of KalScott Engineering (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption. The
exemption would allow the petitioner to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to
conduct research and development tests of scientific sensing payloads using small UAS, in
support of current National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) contracts
NNX14CA35P and NNX14CA07C.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.
                                                                                                2

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner are the DJI Phantom, DJI S900, and DJI S1000.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in

consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the

aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft

meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from

14 CFR part 21, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is

not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption No. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Lab, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                                                 3

delegated to me by the Administrator, KalScott Engineering is granted an exemption from
14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c),
91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to
the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, KalScott Engineering is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom, DJI
         S900, and DJI S1000 when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload.
         Proposed operations of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to
         amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times.
         Electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
         must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.
                                                                                                            4

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update or
    revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then the
    operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's UAS
    Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding updates or
    revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g. replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g. inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and aircraft
    components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer safety
    bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
                                                                                                            5

    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Colombia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current FAA-
    published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a pre-
    determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.
                                                                                                            6

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification (N-
    Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must be
    as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating. These
    documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

    The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
    nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
                                                                                                                 7

         to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
         reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
         contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

 If this exemption permits closed-set motion picture and television filming and production,
 the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                    8

This exemption terminates on June 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.
Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
                  KALSCOTT

                  LNG I NEl RI NG

December 1, 2014

U.S. Department of Transportation
Docket Management System
1200 New Jersey Ave., SE
Washington, DC 20590

Regarding:  KatScott Engineering Petition for Section 333 Exemption Pursuant to Section 333
            of the FAA Reform Act of2012 and Part 11 ofthe Federal Aviation Regulations
            from 14 C.F.R. Part 21 Subpart H; 14 C.F.R. Part 27; 14 C.F.R. § 45.23(b); 14
            C.F.R. § 45.27; 14 C.F.R. §§ 61.113(a) and (b); 14 C.F.R. § 91.119; 14 C.F.R. §
            91.121; 14 C.F.R. § 91.151(a); 14 C.F.R. § 91.203 (a) and (b); 14 C.F.R. §
            91.405(a); 14 C.F.R. § 91.407(a)(l); 14 C.F.R. §§ 91.409(a)(l) and (2); 14 C.F.R.

            §§ 91.417(a) and (b).

Dear Sir or Madam:

Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of2012 ("FMRA") and 14
CFR Part 11, KaiScott Engineering, ("Petitioner,.), requests exemptions from several provisions
of the Federal Aviation Regulations ("FAR"), specifically portions of 14 C.P.R. Parts 21, 27, 45,
61, and 91 to allow, among other things, research and development ("R&D") operations using
the DJI Phantom, S900, and S 1000 commercial multi-copters in the continental United States
("CONUS") by individuals who have successfully completed, at a minimum, FAA private pilot
ground instruction and passed the FAA private pilot written examination, or FAA-recognized
equivalents, and completed Kalscott Engineering's training program for operation of the UAS.

KalScott Engineering proposes to conduct R&D tests of scientific sensing payloads using small
UAS, in support of current NASA contracts NNX14CA35P and NNX14CA07C . As described more
fully below, the requested exemption would permit the operation of small, unmanned and
relatively inexpensive UAS under controlled conditions in airspace that is limited,
predetermined, controlled as to access, and would provide safety enhancements to the already
safe operations in the aerospace industry presently using conventional aircraft. Approval of this
exemption would thereby enhance safety and fulfill the Secretary ofTransportation's (the FAA
Administrator's) responsibilities to"...establish requirements for the safe operation ofsuch
aircraft systems in the national airspace system." Section 333(c) of the FMRA.
                KALSCOTT

                l: N (i I N I : t-: R I N (j

I. PETITIONERS DESCRIPTION

  The name and address of the applicant is:

           Suman Saripalli
           KalScott Engineering
           811 E 28th St
           Lawrence, KS 66046
           suman.saripalli@kalscott.com
           (785)979-1116

  Regulations from which the exemption is requested:

   14 C.F.R. Part 21 Subpart H
   14 C.F.R. Part 27
   14 C.F.R. § 45.23(b)
   14 C.F.R. § 45.27
   14 C.F.R. §§ 61.113(a) and (b)
   14 C.F.R. § 91.119
   14 C.F.R. § 91.121
   14C.F.R. § 91.151(a);
   14 C.F.R. § 91.203 (a) and (b)
   14 C.F.R. § 91.405(a)
   14 C.F.R. § 91.407(a)(l)
   14 C.F.R. §§ 9l.409(a)(l) and (2)
   14 C.F.R. §§ 91.417(a) and (b)

   Current NASA contracts:

   NNX14CA35P
   NNX14CA07C

II. THE FAA'S LEGAL AUTHORITY TO GRANT THIS
      EXEMPTION REQUEST

This exemption  request will help the FAA to fulfill Congress'  goal in passing Section 333 of  the
FMRA. Section   333 directs the Secretary of Transportation to  consider whether certain UAS

may operate safely in the national  airspace system (NAS) before completion of the rulemaking
required under Section 332 of the   FMRA. The Secretary is required to determine which types of
                    KALSCOTT

                                              E t\i ti I N 1:. F R t N G

    VoiFncMAcliSuRgrhAdntoeoialnflroutahtsitecrrrpaUetoeaArstteSsCa'osorhnspaigzzoreaep,rsudwsl'ateiotinegtudhestnae,trrsetspoaoeshefaadtnvh,deeanwtNhdiAetohFSpinAeortArahtteihiosevnsiupaseulubcaelalxipcleiamnoberpilotpiitofoyssnaeisgnaahdntthwdorhfaetelahlttohetweoorpncoeiapvrtaieioltronaUrta.iAloTSsneh,wcesuoilrtity

    long as they operate within the necessary safety parameters.

    uThIrneanhqvadiusdeeidsrratei§atcmit4uoue0rntnro1,et0rtnyoh1tefaaoauFifrterhwtedhogoeerurritAatlhyalcitAnbito,eyvntsihisatpastcrtieetoeirsnntrcicmArfliiusbccdaetientdeescx.ulUpuTnrdAhdeeeseSssr,Al§eyfxd§rgoem4rmmai4nnp7titths0sitenlrt(gahraetec)oqirFovumAriilr(eAaabmyi)rtecghonrreraatifantntuh,t§taaa§htsno4atrel4hilxt7eyce0imttv2eoi-pnl4itnsia4osii7urns1cedrf6raeeoofxftmiefnmmtehaudpesttiAoncts.
     if the Administrator finds the exemption in the public interest.

III. THE AIRCRAFT

    KiakwpDCaPSwsanlgrapnao9leecJohyeldIl0lilm(uiSlygule9c0PonlcdmLdhu.haah3dowitlinodenatptti1lidht1rnfgrb-lw15iiElortb1)nutooevbakh5nmgmwmtietigego,gtdmiieirahnetDPe(hnhr/2uaqtsuoyaseJi4tuotasaelrIo(ew.yicrf32Paspmmimgri49nphatoloma.ahgbefea9kfxxtr)hdants5f.iibksxbotmplm2w)Toiugiame.g0mmuiutihc(h0lTttem1mietehu,tfhmra0wmi8Dttiepcnis.eh9Aim8apJadstDte0Ilhyea,hlel0lJDelbkySr,a.aIo,ad)en9wJSpa,naPcoId0odirnmhaghfmioA0fdrinifawapcbnwi1h2gnkDhlooge0aa,teimsinoJsrpnbGgiemlImgrguaeyhsaPo/ShitlnttrtstwStvwtho1hfioei-(roee0iedwfracm1le0foelmo6m9Dan0pst1bn.yoe.k8aJte1d1pykr.IxtT0k0suoegaTiPwh),-mgcqiu0.h1h(neteut2T0(u5aetoiUiD10.ngmhppn2Dm5A-thJepailo2IlJttvlbeiSo0mDabnIPodi)t,k)guSo.J0hf,wwieatIp3B0asIemtoahein0.0isoptf3ourai0thftomcaoontkh0wkhotwmt,fiiAhgpnthoefdpeh,eligahnii(rirelSgrgs7e,sNooteh9hd.Shwvtauc3ats0tleintOs.bzlhd08ifbimaoyiOeBene.,)c2-namsgOaoaahMwtnkxautlps3hfoaidgirmtatma-mnecyhCtcuD(skahda1iuwteal,leJxoa8lSmilaIetmlpuiS.U9anmi1SitLtgt01adloAeaouIlihx00-skbt0GtSmtt0ih)eca0muso0Ii.aoky0uSpcTufraefsmrra4mfthntuoyoer.edif2ems6fe-

      mapping. Specifications include:

     DJI SlOOO:

           · Diameter: 1045 mm (3.43 ft)
           · Maximum Weight: 11 kg (24.3 lb)
           · Number ofMotors: 8
           · Power of Motors: 500 W
           · Maximum Cruise Speed: 15 m/s ( 29 kts)
           · Maximum Climb Rate: 6 m/s (- 1200 fpm)
           · Maximum Wind Speed: 8 m/s (15.6 kts)
                  KALSCOTT

                                        E N G ! !\! 1: E R I N G

DJI S900:

    · Diameter: 900 mm (2.95ft)
    · Maximum Weight: 8.2 kg (18.1 lb)
    · Number ofMotors: 6
    · Power of Motors: 500 W
    · Maximum Cruise Speed: 15 m/s ( 29 kts)
    · Maximum Climb Rate: 6 m/s (- 1200 fpm)
     · Maximum Wind Speed: 8 m/s (15.6 kts)

DJI Phantom:

     · Diameter: 350 mm (1.15ft)
     · Maximum Weight: 1 kg (2.2 lb)
     · Number of Motors: 4
     · Power of Motors: 114 W
     · Maximum Cruise Speed: 10 m/s ( 19 kts)
     · Maximum Climb Rate: 6 m/s (-1200 fpm)
     · Maximum Wind Speed: 8 m/s (15.6 kts)

KalScott Engineering agrees that the UAS will include, at minimum: geofencing at a maximum
ceiling of 400' AGL, flight programming capabilities, a flight termination link available to the
operator to prevent a "fly away," and safe abort procedures. If the UAS loses communications or

its GPS signal, the UAS will return to a pre-determined location and land or be recovered in

accordance with the Operations Manual. The UAS will have markings identifying the serial
number and identification (N-number) markings as large as practicable. Further, KalScott

Engineering's UAS operation will comply with all manufacturer Safety Bulletins. The UAS to be
used will weigh less than 25 pounds and would be specifically authorized by the FAA. UAS

 operations will occur only during daytime.

 As previously stated, KalScott Engineering will incorporate the DJI A2 flight control system into
 the S1000 and 8900. The DJI Phantom is controlled by the DJI Naza-M, which uses the same
 industry accepted control algorithms as the A2, and comes integrated into the airframe. The
 Phantom has been flown around the world by amateur hobbyists for years, and as a proven
 system it will serve as the pilot test-bed during the KalScott UAS pilot training program. The A2
 is capable of controlling various multi-rotor platforms and offers high accuracy performance
 through a unique damping design and calibration algorithm. The high performance of the A2
 guarantees stable flight in the presence of high vibration and winds. The A2 flight control system
 includes the controller unit with a built-in receiver, a power management unit, an inertial
 measurement unit, a Bluetooth unit, and a GPS & Compass. Detailed descriptions of each
 subsystem can be seen below.
                        KALSCOTT

                        [ N (iiNE E RI N G

Controller Unit:

· Output signals for up to eight electronic speed controllers (ESCs)
· Built-in receiver based on DJI DESST technology, which is compatible with

    Futaba FASST and DJI DESST transmitters
        o Two available ports for connecting Spektrum or JR DSM2 satellite
             receivers.

· Two CAN-Bus ports
        o Sensors
         o Power Management

· Four independent and configurable output channels

Power Management Unit:

· Provides dual Battery Eliminator Circuits (BECs)
        o PW port provides power to the whole flight control system with current no more

            than 2A
        o PX port provides 3A at 5V and V-SEV signal
· Two CAN-Bus ports for connecting peripheral devices

Inertial Measurement Unit:

    · High quality components, with build in damper, precisely calibrated with temperature
        compensation in all gyros and sensors

    · Built-in pressure sensor for altitude determination

Blue Tooth Unit

    · Connects to ground station for real-time parameter configuration, flight monitoring, and
        waypoint navigation

GPS & Compass

· Detennines aircraft inertial position
· Measures geomagnetic field for correcting heading estimations

IV. OPERATING PARAMETERS

Petitioner proposes that the exemption requested herein apply to      civil aircraft that have the  for  at
characteristics and that operate with the limitations listed herein.  These limitations provide

least an equivalent 'or even higher level ofsafety to operations under the current regulatory
structure because the proposed operations represent a safety enhancement to the already safe
                  KALSCOTT

                                             E N (i I N E E R I N ( i

operations conducted with conventional aircraft. Further details about the aircraft and operating
procedures are available in the Operations and Training Manual.

The limitations and conditions to which KalScott Engineering agrees to be bound when
conducting R&D under an FAA issued exemption include:

    A. UAS Pilot and Observer
         1. UAS operations will be conducted by, at minimum, pilots holding a private pilot
             certificate and at least a current third-class medical certificate.
         2. All UAS operations must utilize a visual observer ("VO").
         3. The pilot-in-command ("PIC") and VO must be able to communicate verbally at all
             times.
         4. Prior to operations, the pilot must have accumulated and logged a minimum of 200
              flight cycles, or more as required by the FAA, and 25 hours of total time as a UAS
              rotorcraft pilot. The pilot must also have accumulated and logged prior to operations
             at least ten hours as a UAS pilot with a similar UAS type (single blade or multi-
             rotor). Prior documented flight experience that was obtained in compliance with
              applicable regulations may satisfy this requirement.

                 a. Training, proficiency, and experience-building flights can also be conducted

                       under the FAA's grant of exemption to accomplish the required flight cycles
                       and flight time.
                  b. During training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not
                       essential for flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the pilot
                       must operate the UA with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in
                       accordance with 14 C.F.R. § 91.119.
         5. KaiScott Engineering will generate an internal pilot training program, based on the
              manufacturer UAS manuals and experience with multirotor aircraft, which
              incorporates proper aircraft operations and safety standards.
                  a. Prior to any flight operations authorized by this grant of exemption, the PIC
                       and VO must have successfully completed the KalScott training program, as
                       outlined in the Operations and Training Manual.
                  b. A record of completion ofthis training process must be documented and made
                       available to the Administrator upon request.
         6. KalScott Engineering will require all pilots conducting UAS operations to provide
              proofof pilot and third-class medical certification.
                KALSCOTT

                                                E~GI NE ERJ N (j

B. Operational Parameters

     1. Aircraft will not carry pilots or passengers, and aircraft will not carry explosive
         materials or flammable liquid fuels.

     2. UAS must be operated within visual line ofsight ofthe pilot at all times.
     3. UAS may not be flown at ground speeds exceeding 30 knots.
    4 . Flights will be operated at an altitude ofno more than 400 feet above ground level.
     5. Each UAS operation will be completed within 20 minutes flight time or with 25%

          battery power remaining, whichever occurs first. At 30% battery the UAS will enter a
          return and land sequence; at 20% it will land immediately.
     6. UAS will not be operated over any person (other than participating KalScott
          Engineering personnel) at an altitude that is hazardous to persons or property on the
          surface in the event of a UAS failure or emergency.

               a. Distance from participating persons will be specified in the Operations

                    Manual.
               b. Operations will be conducted as far as practicable from nonparticipating

                    persons.
     7. The UAS flight will be aborted in the event ofunpredicted obstacles or emergencies

          in accordance with the Operations Manual.
     8. Prior to operations, a flight demonstration, administered by an operator approved and

         qualified pilot will be successfully completed and documented. Documentation will

          be made available for review by Administrator upon request.
     9. The operator must obtain an Air Traffic Organization (ATO) issued Certificate of

          Waiver or Authorization (COA) prior to conducting any operations under this grant of

          exemption.
               a. This COA will also require the operator to request a Notice to Airmen
                    (NOTAM) not more than 72 hours in advance, but not less than 48 hours prior

                    to the operation.
      I 0. Operations will be limited to sparsely populated areas, under the land owners consent,

          for which a COA has been issued.
      11 . Petitioner will display signage notifying the public of UAS operations before

         beginning operations. Signs will be approximately 1811 x 2411 in size and will be
         placed in locations that will be visible from adjacent roadways at least 5 minutes prior

          to UAS operations.
      12. Before conducting operations, the radio frequency spectrum used for operation and

         control of the UAS will comply with the FCC or other appropriate government

          oversight agency requirements.
              KALSCOTT

                                E ~ ( i I N E L R I N {;

13. The UAS pilot will establish a working relationship with a representative at the local
     Flight Standards District Office ("FSDO") with which to periodically review safety
    procedures and other operations to further enhance safety. Under nonnal
    circumstances, the operator will submit a written Plan of Activities to the local FSDO
    at least 48 hours prior to conducting operations. In an emergency situation, the
    operator will submit a written Plan of Activities 24 hours prior to conducting
    operations, unless sooner authorized by the FSDO. The Plan of Activities will
    include:

         a. Dates and times for all flights;

         b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS and for the person
              responsible for on-site operations;

         c. Make, model, and serial or N-number of UAS;
         d. Name and certificate number ofpilot(s);

         e. Signature of exemption holder or representative;

         f. Description of flight activity, including maps/diagrams of area over which
              operations are occurring and essential altitudes.

14. The documents required under 14 C.P.R.§ 91.9 must be available to the PIC at the
    Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating. These
    documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

15. The UAS must remain clear and yield the right of way to all other manned operations
    and activities at all times (including, but not limited to, ultralight vehicles, parachute
    activities, parasailing activities, hang gliders, etc.).

16. KalScott Engineering will ensure safety to first responder aircraft and helicopter
    traffic. Upon notification from manned aircraft controllers or through visual
    identification of manned aircraft, KalScott Engineering will immediately suspend the
    UAS flight until the airspace is cleared.

17. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 C.F.R. § 1.1. All

    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.
18. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.
19. The UAS may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.
                 KALSCOTT

                                                       E!I.GINI~ ERIN(j

    20. The UAS may not operate in Class B, C, or D airspace without approval from the
         FAA. The UAS may not operate within 5 nautical miles ofthe geographic center of a
         non-towered airport as denoted on a current FAA published aeronautical chart unless
         an agreement with that airport's management is obtained, and the operation is
         conducted in accordance with a NOTAM as required by the Operator's COA. The
         letter of agreement with the airport management should be made available to the
         Administrator upon request.

    21. Altitude information will be provided to the UAS pilot via a digitally encoded
         telemetric data feed, which downlinks from the aircraft to a ground-based on-screen
         display. The UAS will have a GPS altitude readout. Prior to each flight, a zero
         altitude initiation point will be established and confirmed for accuracy by the PIC.

    22. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
         boundaries ofthe operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
         to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
         reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
         contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov. Further flight operations may not
         be conducted until the incident, accident, or transgression is reviewed by AFS-80 and
         authorization to resume operations is provided.

C. Operations Manual

    1. The Operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its Operations Manual.
    2. The Operations Manual must be maintained and made available to the Administrator

         upon request.

D. Pre-Flight Inspections and Maintenance

    I. Prior to each flight, the pilot will inspect the UAS to ensure it is in condition for safe
         flight. If the inspection reveals a discrepancy, the aircraft will be prohibited from
         operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the UAS is found
         to be in a condition for safe flight.

    2. All maintenance and alterations will be properly documented in the aircraft records.
    3. Any UAS that undergoes maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation or

         flight characteristics will undergo a functional flight test in accordance with the
         Operations Manual.
    4. Petitioner will institute a rigorous maintenance program to ensure airworthiness ofthe
         UAS. Operator will follow the manufacturer's UAS aircraft/component, maintenance,
         overhaul, replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements.

             a. When unavailable, requirements must be established in the Operations
                  Manual, including for the following:
                     1. Actuators I Servos;
                   ii. Powerplant (motors);
                  iii. Propellers;
                    KALSCOTT

                                                        1-:NGII\f:t::RIN<i

                             iv. Electronic speed controller;
                              v. Batteries;
                             vi. Remote command and control;
                            vii. Ground control station (if used); and
                           vn1. Any other components as determined by the operator.
             5. Operator will develop procedures to document and maintain a record ofthe UAS
                  maintenance, preventative maintenance, alterations, status of replacement/overhaul

                component parts, and the total time in service ofthe UAS. These procedures will be

                  added to the Operations Manual.
             6. Operator will develop UAS technician qualification criteria. These criteria will be

                  added to the Operations Manual.

V. SPECIFIC SECTIONS OF 14 C.F.R. FROM WHICH
      PETITIONERS SEEK AN EXEMPTION

    KaiScott Engineering requests exemption from the following Federal Aviation Regulations
    (FARs) to the extent necessary to enable the requested UAS operations for the reasons detailed
    below.

       A . 14 C.F.R. Part 21 Subpart H Airworthiness Certificates

   Subpart H, entitled Airworthiness Certificates, establishes the procedural requirements for the

   issuance of airworthiness certificates. Given the size and limited operating area associated with
   the aircraft to be utilized, an exemption from Part 21 Subpart H meets the requirements of an
   equivalent level of safety under Part 11 and Section 333 of the Refonn Act. The Federal
   Aviation Act and Section 333 of the FMRA both authorize the FAA to exempt aircraft from the
   requirement for an airworthiness certificate, upon consideration of the size, weight, speed,
   operational capability, and proximity to airports and populated areas of the particular UAS. In all
   cases, an analysis of these criteria demonstrates that the UAS operated without an airworthiness
   certificate, in the proposed environments and under the conditions proposed will be at least as
   safe, or safer, than a conventional aircraft (fixed wing or rotorcraft) operating with an
   airworthiness certificate without the restrictions and conditions proposed.

   The DJI Phantom, 8900, and S 1000 to be operated hereunder are less than 25 pounds each

   including payload, carries neither a pilot nor passenger, carries no explosive materials nor
   flammable liquid fuels, and will operate exclusively within the parameters stated in the
   Operations Manual. Unlike other civil aircraft, operations under this exemption will be tightly
   controlled and monitored by both the operator and under the requirements and in compliance
   with local public safety requirements, to provide security for the area of operation. The FAA will
   have advance notice ofall operations via notices to airmen (NOTAMS). Finally, these UAS, as a
   result oftheir size, weight, speed, operational capability, and operation within visual line of sight
                 KALSCOTT

                                        F l\,1 G I N I· I' K I N (i

do not create a hazard to users of the national airspace system or the public or pose a threat to
national security.

    B. 14 C.F.R. Part 27: Airworthiness Standards: Normal Category Rotorcraft

14 CFR Part 27 sets forth the procedural requirements for airworthiness certification of normal

category rotorcraft. To the extent the Petitioner's DJI Phantom, S900, and S1000 would
otherwise require certification under Part 27, as a rotorcraft, Petitioner requests an exemption
from Part 27's airworthiness standards for the same reasons identified in the exemption request
from item A. 14 CFR Part 21, Subpart H.

    C. 14 C.F.R. § 45.23(b) Display ofMarks; General; 14 C.F.R. § 45.27 Location of

         Marks; Non-Fixed Wing Aircraft

Section 45.23(b) requires markings in letters not less than 2 inches nor more than 6 inches high
the words such as "limited, "restricted," and "experimental," as applicable. Section 45.27

requires that each operator of a rotorcraft must display on that rotorcraft horizontally on both

surfaces of the cabin, fuselage, boom, or tail the marks required by§ 45.23.

Given the size ofthe UAS, two-inch lettering will not be feasible. The UAS will also have no
entrance to the cabin, cockpit, or pilot station on which the applicable words can be placed. An
equivalent level of safety will be achieved by having any required words displayed on the
aircraft, as applicable, in letters of legible size, in a location where the pilot, observer, and others
working with the UAS will see the identification. The FAA has issued exemptions to§ 45.23 in
Exemptions Nos. 10700, 8738, 10167, 10167A, and 11062. The FAA issued an exemption to
45.27 in Exemption No. 8496B.

    D. 14 C.F.R. §§ 61.113(a) and (b) Private Pilot Privileges and Limitations

Sections 61.113 (a) and (b) limit private pilots to non-commercial operations. Because the UAS
will not carry a pilot or passengers, the proposed operations can achieve the equivalent level of
safety of current operations by requiring the PIC operating the aircraft to have a private pilot's
license rather than a commercial pilot's license to operate this small UAS. Unlike a conventional
aircraft that carries the pilot and passengers, the UAS is remotely controlled with no living thing
on board. The area of operation is controlled and restricted, and all flights are planned and
coordinated in advance as set forth in the Operations Manual. The level of safety provided by the
requirements included in the Operations Manual exceeds that provided by a single individual
holding a commercial pilot's certificate operating a conventional aircraft. The risks associated
with the operation of the UAS are so diminished from the level of risk associated with
commercial operations contemplated by Part 61 when drafted, that allowing operations of the
UAS as requested with a private pilot as the PIC exceeds the present level of safety achieved by
14 C.F.R. §§ 61.113 (a) and (b). The FAA issued an exemption to this regulation in Exemption
No. 11062.
                  KALSCOTT

                                                        ENCill\IFLR.!NG

    E. 14 C.F .R. § 91.119 Minimum Safe Altitudes

Section 91.119 establishes safe altitudes for operation of civil aircraft. Section 91.119 (d) allows
helicopters to be operated at less than the minimums prescribed, provided the person operating
the helicopter complies with any route or altitudes prescribed for helicopters by the FAA. As this
exemption is for a sUAS that is a helicopter and the exemption requests authority to operate at
altitudes up to 400' AGL. As set forth herein, except for the limited conditions stated in the
Manual, the UAS will never operate at altitudes higher than 400' AGL. It will however be
operated in an area with perimeter, where buildings and people will not be exposed to operations
without their pre-obtained consent.

The equivalent level of safety will be achieved given the size, weight, speed of the UAS as well
as the location where it is operated. No flight will be taken without the permission of the
property owner or local officials. Compared to flight operations with aircraft or rotorcraft
weighing far more than the maximum 251bs proposed herein and the lack of flammable fuel, any
risk associated with these operations is far less than those presently presented with conventional
aircraft operating at or below 400' AGL. In addition, the low-altitude operations ofthe UAS will
ensure separation between these small UAS operations and the operations of conventional
aircraft that must comply with Section 91.119. The FAA issued an exemption to this regulation
in Exemption No. 11062.

    F. 14 C.F.R. § 91.121 Altimeter Settings

This regulation requires each person operating an aircraft to maintain cruising altitude by
reference to an altimeter that is set n ··· to the elevation ofthe departure airport or an appropriate
altimeter setting available before departure." The UAS will have a barometric altimeter for
measuring relative altitude changes, but the displayed altitude on the ground station will be GPS
measurements, therefore an exemption may be needed. An equivalent level of safety will be
achieved by the operator, pursuant to the Operations Manual, confirming the altitude of the
launch site shown on the GPS altitude indicator before flight. The FAA issued an exemption to
this regulation in Exemption No. 11 062.

    G. 14 C.F.R. § 91.151(a) Fuel requirements for flight in VFR conditions

Section 91.151 (a) prohibits an individual from beginning "a flight in an airplane under VFR
conditions unless (considering wind and forecast weather conditions) there is enough fuel to fly
to the first point of intended landing, and, assuming normal cruising speed- (1) During the day,
to fly after that for at least 30 minutes; or (2) At night, to fly after that for at least 45 minutes. 11
Complying with the 30 minute reserve requirement in 14 C.F.R. § 91.151, would unnecessarily
limit the length ofKalScott Engineering's UAS flights. The batteries powering the DJI Phantom,
S900, and S1000 provide approximately 15 minutes offlight time. To meet the 30 minute
reserve requirement in 14 C.F .R. § 91.151, UAS flights would not be possible. Given the
                   KALSCOTT

                                          f ?-.: (, I N I L: R I N (i

limitations on the UAS's proposed flight area and the location of its proposed operations within a
predetermined area, a longer time frame for flight in daylight conditions is reasonable.

Operating the small UAS in a tightly controlled area where only personnel and property owners

will be present does not engender the type of risks that§ 91.151(a) was intended to alleviate given
the size and speed of the small UAS. KalScott Engineering believes that an equivalent level of
safety can be achieved by limiting flights to 12 minutes or 25% of battery power, whichever
happens first. The FAA issued an exemption to this regulation in Exemption No. 11 062 and
10673.

    H. 14 C.F.R. §91.203 (a) and (b) Carrying Civil Aircraft Certification and
         Registration

The regulation provides in pertinent part:

                  a. Except as provided in§ 91.715, no person may operate a civil aircraft unless it
                       has within it the following:

                     1. An appropriate and current airworthiness certificate....
                  b. No person may operate a civil aircraft unless the airworthiness certificate

                       required by paragraph (a) of this section or a special flight authorization
                       issued under §91.715 is displayed at the cabin or cockpit entrance so that it is
                       legible to passengers or crew.

The UAS fully loaded weighs no more than 25 lbs and is operated without an onboard pilot. As
such, there is no ability or place to carry certification and registration documents or to display
them on the UAS.

An equivalent level of safety will be achieved by keeping these documents at the ground control
point where the pilot flying the UAS will have immediate access to them, to the extent they are
applicable to the UAS. The FAA has issued numerous exemptions to this regulation.
A representative sample of other exceptions includes Exemption Nos. 9565, 9665, 9789, 9789A,
9797, 9797A, 9816A, and 10700.

    I. 14 C.F.R. § 91.405(a) Maintenance Required; 14 C.F.R. § 91.407(a)(l) Operation

         After Maintenance, Preventive Maintenance, Rebuilding or Alteration; 14 C.F.R.

       §§ 91.409(a)(l) and (2) Inspections; 14 C.F.R. §§ 91.417(a) and (b) Maintenance

         Records

These regulations require that an aircraft operator or owner "shall have that aircraft inspected as
prescribed in subpart E of this part and shall between required inspections, except as provided in
                                 KALSCOTT

paragraph (c) ofthis section, have discrepancies repaired as prescribed in part 43 ofthis chapter.
.. ,"and others shall inspect or maintain the aircraft in compliance with Part 43.

Given that these sections and Part 43 apply only to aircraft with an airworthiness certificate,
these sections will not apply to the Petitioner. Maintenance will be accomplished by the operator
pursuant to the Operations Manual. An equivalent level ofsafety will be achieved because these
small UAS are very limited in size and will carry a small payload and operate only in restricted
areas for limited periods of time. If mechanical issues arise, the UAS can land immediately and
will be operating from no higher than 400' AGL. As provided in the Operations Manual, the
operator will  ensure that  the  UAS is in working order prior to initiating
maintenance,   and keep a   log  ofany maintenance performed. Moreover,       flight, perform  required
                                                                              the operator is  the person
most familiar with the aircraft and best suited to maintain the aircraft in an airworthy condition to
provide the equivalent level of safety. The FAA issued an exemption to these regulations in
Exemption No. II 062.

J. Such Other Relief as the FAA Deems Appropriate to Enable the Requested
    Operations

KalScott Engineering also requests exemption from such other FARs as the FAA deems
appropriate to enable the requested operations. If, during the effective dates ofany Grant of
Exemption issued pursuant to this Petition, the FAA issues interim or final rules for small UAS,
KalScott Engineering requests that it be relieved of the requirements ofany conditions and
limitations of said exemption and allowed to comply with any less burdensome applicable
regulations that may have become effective.

VI. Conclusion

Based on the satisfaction ofthe criteria provided in Section 333 ofthe FMRA regarding size,
weight, speed, operating capabilities, proximity to airports and populated areas, operation within
visual line ofsight, and national security, KalScott Engineering requests that the FAA grant it the
necessary exemptions under Section 333 of the FMRA as requested herein to allow R&D test
flights in support of current NASA contracts NNX14CA35P and NNX14CA07C.
                  KALSCOTT

                                            !·. "-. ( ; I \i F I. l{ I ' \i

Sin~~~

Suman Saripalli
Co-Owner
KaiScott Engineering
