May 28, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 11709
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­0766

Mr. Keegan Kliman
P.O. Box 1815
Kings Beach, CA 96143

Dear Mr. Kliman:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter posted to the public docket on March 25, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation
Administration (FAA) for an exemption. The petitioner requested to operate an unmanned
aircraft system (UAS) to conduct aerial videography and cinematography.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a DJI Phantom 2.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
                                                                                                                 2

aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21 and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Mr. Keegan Kliman is granted an exemption from
14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c),
91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to
the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Mr. Keegan Kliman is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.
                                                                                                            3

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom 2
    when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any
    other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
    not permitted.

3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
    exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
    compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
    airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
    aircraft manufacturer.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
    electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
    must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
    required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
                                                                                                            4

    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
                                                                                                            5

    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
                                                                                                               6

       These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
       official upon request.

   24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
       activities at all times.

   25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

   26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
       persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
          a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
             from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
             that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
             where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
             the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
             of nonparticipating persons; and
          b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
             for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
             the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
             present an undue hazard.

       The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
       nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

   27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
       permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
       Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
       obtained for each flight to be conducted.

   28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
       boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
       to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
       reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
       contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

   29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
       as documented in this grant of exemption.

   30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
       exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
       District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
                                                                                                                 7

         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:

           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted

              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of

              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners

              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.

This exemption terminates on May 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service
       
Keegan  Kliman  
PO  Box  1815    
Kings  Beach,  CA  96143  
keegankliman@yahoo.cm  
(650)  521-2522  
       
  
     I,  Keegan  Kliman  of  372  Rim  Dr,  Tahoe  Vista,  CA  96148  and  Owner/Operator  
of  Flyman  Media,  am  writing  you  to  request  exemption  from  part 21, subpart H; and
Sections 45.23(b), 61.113(a) and (b), 91.7(a), 91.9(b)(2), 91.103(b), 91.109, 91.119,
91.121, 91.151(a), 91.203(a) and (b), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(2), and
91.417(a) and (b) of Title 14, Code of Federal Regulations (14 CFR). The proposed
exemption would allow me to operate the PHANTOM 2 quad-copter unmanned aircraft
system (UAS) to conduct aerial videography and cinematography to enhance awareness
for those individuals and companies unfamiliar with the geographical layout of the
Tahoe/Truckee area and augment real estate listing and resort promotional videos.

I request relief from the following regulations:

Part 21 prescribes the procedural requirements for issuing and changing design approvals,
productions approvals, airworthiness certificates, and airworthiness approvals.

Section 45.23(b) prescribes that when marks include only the Roman capital letter "N"
and the registration number is displayed on limited, restricted or light-sport category
aircraft or experimental or provisionally certificated aircraft, the operator must also
display on that aircraft near each entrance to the cabin, cockpit, or pilot station, in letters
not less than 2 inches nor more than 6 inches high, the words "limited," "restricted,"
"light-sport," "experimental," or "provisional," as applicable.
  
Section 61.113(a) and (b) prescribes that--

(a) no person who holds a private pilot certificate may act as a pilot in command of an
aircraft that is carrying passengers or property for compensation or hire; nor may that
person, for compensation or hire, act as pilot in command of an aircraft.

(b) a private pilot may, for compensation or hire, act as pilot in command of an aircraft in
connection with any business or employment if:

         (1) The flight is only incidental to that business or employment; and

         (2) The aircraft does not carry passengers or property for compensation or hire.

Section 91.7(a) prescribes that no person may operate a civil aircraft unless it is in an
airworthy condition.

Section 91.7(b) prescribes that the pilot in command of a civil aircraft is responsible for
determining whether that aircraft is in condition for safe flight and that the PIC shall
discontinue the flight when unairworthy mechanical, electrical, or structural conditions
occur.

Section 91.9(b)(2) prohibits operation of U.S.-registered civil aircraft unless there is
available in the aircraft a current approved Airplane or Rotorcraft Flight Manual,
approved manual material, markings, and placards, or any combination thereof.

Section 91.103(b) prescribes that a pilot shall for any flight, become familiar with runway
lengths at airports of intended use, and takeoff and landing distance information.

Section 91.109(a) prescribes, in pertinent part, that no person may operate a civil aircraft
(except a manned free balloon) that is being used for flight instruction unless that aircraft
has fully functioning dual controls.

Section 91.119 prescribes that, except when necessary for takeoff or landing, no person
may operate an aircraft below the following altitudes:

         (a) Anywhere. An altitude allowing, if a power unit fails, an emergency landing
without undue hazard to persons or property on the surface.

         (b) Over congested areas. Over any congested area of a city, town, or settlement,
or over any open air assembly of persons, an altitude of 1,000 feet above the highest
obstacle within a horizontal radius of 2,000 feet of the aircraft.

         (c) Over other than congested areas. An altitude of 500 feet above the surface,
except over open water or sparsely populated areas. In those cases, the aircraft may not
be operated closer than 500 feet to any person, vessel, vehicle, or structure.

         (d) Helicopters, powered parachutes, and weight-shift-control aircraft. If the
operation is conducted without hazard to persons or property on the surface--

                  (1) A helicopter may be operated at less than the minimums prescribed in
paragraph (b) or (c) of this section, provided each person operating the helicopter
complies with any routes or altitudes specifically prescribed for helicopters by the FAA;
and

                  (2) A powered parachute or weight-shift-control aircraft may be operated
at less than the minimums prescribed in paragraph (c) of this section.

Section 91.121 requires, in pertinent part, each person operating an aircraft to maintain
cruising altitude by reference to an altimeter that is set "...to the elevation of the
departure airport or an appropriate altimeter setting available before departure."

Section 91.151(a) prescribes that no person may begin a flight in an airplane under VFR
conditions unless (considering wind and forecast weather conditions) there is enough fuel
to fly to the first point of intended landing and, assuming normal cruising speed, (1)
during the day, to fly after that for at least 30 minutes [emphasis added].
Section 91.203(a) prohibits, in pertinent part, any person from operating a civil aircraft
unless it has within it (1) an appropriate and current airworthiness certificate; and (2) an
effective U.S. registration certificate issued to its owner or, for operation within the
United States, the second copy of the Aircraft registration Application as provided for in
§ 47.31(c).

Section 91.203(b) prescribes, in pertinent part, that no person may operate a civil aircraft
unless the airworthiness certificate or a special flight authorization issued under § 91.715
is displayed at the cabin or cockpit entrance so that it is legible to passengers or crew.

Section 91.405(a) requires, in pertinent part, that an aircraft operator or owner shall have
that aircraft inspected as prescribed in subpart E of the same part and shall, between
required inspections, except as provided in paragraph (c) of the same section, have
discrepancies repaired as prescribed in part 43 of the chapter.

Section 91.407(a)(1) prohibits, in pertinent part, any person from operating an aircraft
that has undergone maintenance, preventive maintenance, rebuilding, or alteration unless
it has been approved for return to service by a person authorized under § 43.7 of the same
chapter.

Section 91.409(a)(2) prescribes, in pertinent part, that no person may operate an aircraft
unless, within the preceding 12 calendar months, it has had an inspection for the issuance
of an airworthiness certificate in accordance with part 21 of this chapter.

Section 91.417(a) and (b) prescribes, in pertinent part, that--

         (a) Each registered owner or operator shall keep the following records for the
periods specified in paragraph (b) of this section:

                  (1) Records of the maintenance, preventive maintenance, and alteration
and records of the 100-hour, annual, progressive, and other required or approved
inspections, as appropriate, for each aircraft (including the airframe) and each engine,
propeller, rotor, and appliance of an aircraft. The records must include--

                           (i) A description (or reference to data acceptable to the
                                    Administrator) of the work performed; and

                           (ii) The date of completion of the work performed; and

                           (iii) The signature, and certificate number of the person
                                    approving the aircraft for return to service.

                  (2) Records containing the following information:

                           (i) The total time in service of the airframe, each engine, each
                                    propeller, and each rotor.

                           (ii) The current status of life-limited parts of each airframe,
                                    engine, propeller, rotor, and appliance.
                           (iii) The time since last overhaul of all items installed on the
                                    aircraft which are required to be overhauled on a specified
                                    time basis.

                           (iv) The current inspection status of the aircraft, including the
                                    time since the last inspection required by the inspection
                                    program under which the aircraft and its appliances are
                                    maintained.

                           (v) The current status of applicable airworthiness directives
                                    (AD) and safety directives including, for each, the method
                                    of compliance, the AD or safety directive number and
                                    revision date. If the AD or safety directive involves
                                    recurring action, the time and date when the next action is
                                    required.

                           (vi) Copies of the forms prescribed by § 43.9(d) of this chapter
                                    for each major alteration to the airframe and currently
                                    installed engines, rotors, propellers, and appliances.

         (b) The owner or operator shall retain the following records for the periods
prescribed:

                  (1) The records specified in paragraph (a)(1) of this section shall be
retained until the work is repeated or superseded by other work or for 1 year after the
work is performed.

                  (2) The records specified in paragraph (a)(2) of this section shall be
retained and transferred with the aircraft at the time the aircraft is sold.

                  (3) A list of defects furnished to a registered owner or operator under §
43.11 of this chapter shall be retained until the defects are repaired and the aircraft is
approved for return to service.

Supporting Information:

At the end of this document, I have included: 1) Supplemental Response for Petition, 2)
PHANTOM Flying Flow Chart V1.0, PHANTOM Quick Start Manual v1.7, 3)
PHANTOM 2 User Manual 4) restricted areas map, and 5) personal safety protocols and
controls.

Unmanned Aircraft System

I plan to operate a UAS, the PHANTOM 2, which is comprised of an unmanned aircraft
(UA or PHANTOM) and a transportable ground station. The PHANTOM is referred to as
a quad-copter with a maximum gross weight of about 3 pounds. It is equipped with four
rotors that are driven by electric motors powered by batteries. The UA has a maximum
airspeed of 30 knots. I plan to attach a small ultra-lightweight GoPro Hero 3 camera to
my UA and operate the UA over various areas near Lake Tahoe, California to enhance
geographical awareness and augment real estate listing and resort promotional videos. I
will follow these operational enhancements to ensure this exemption will provide a level
of safety at least equal to existing rules:

     · I  will  only  operate  in  reasonably  safe  environments  that  are  strictly  
         controlled,  are  away  from  power  lines,  elevated  lights,  airports  and  actively  
         populated  areas.  

     · I  will  conduct  extensive  preflight  inspections  and  protocols,  during  which  
         safety  carries  primary  importance.    

  
I believe that given the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft, an exemption from 14 CFR part 21, Subpart H (Airworthiness Certificates) and §
91.203 (a) and (b) (Certifications required), subject to certain conditions and limitations,
is warranted and meets the requirements for an equivalent level of safety under 14 CFR
part 11 and Section 333 of P.L. 112-95 (Section 333).

I request an exemption from § 45.23 Marking of the aircraft because my UA will not
have a cabin, cockpit or pilot station on which to mark certain words or phrases. Further,
two-inch lettering is difficult to place on such a small aircraft with dimensions smaller
than the minimal lettering requirement. Regardless of this, I will mark my UAS in the
largest possible lettering by placing the word "Experimental" on its fuselage as required
by § 45.29(f) so that I or anyone assisting me as a spotter will see the markings.

I believe that an exemption from §§ 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(2) and 91.417(a)
and (b) Maintenance inspections may be required and should be granted since they only
apply to aircraft with an airworthiness certificate. However, as a safety precaution I will
perform a preflight inspection of my UAS before each flight as outlined in my operating
documents.
  
UAS Pilot in Command (PIC)
  
I  assert  that  under § 61.113 (a) and (b) private pilots are limited to noncommercial
operations, however I can achieve an equivalent level of safety as achieved by current
regulations because my UAS does not carry any pilots or passengers. Further, while
helpful, a pilot license will not ensure remote control piloting skills. The risks of
operating a UAS are far less than the risk levels inherent in the commercial activities
outlined in 14 CFR part 61, et seq., thus I request an exemption from § 61.113 Private
Pilot Privileges and Limitations: Pilot in command.
  
Regarding UAS operational training, I have flown numerous practice flights in remote
areas as a hobbyist simulating flights for future commercial use to gain familiarization
with the characteristics of his UAS' performance under different temperature and weather
conditions.

In a supplemental request to the FAA, I request consideration of a 120 day temporary
airman certificate in accordance with § 63.13, to allow me time to obtain a private pilot
certificate or to allow the FAA time to establish minimum UAS airman certification
standards.

UAS Operating Parameters

I will abide by the following additional operating conditions under this exemption:

         · operate my UAS below 300 feet and within a radius distance of 1000 feet from
the controller to both aid in direct line of sight visual observation;

         · operate the UAS for 3-7 minutes per flight;

         · land my UAS prior to the manufacturer's recommended minimum level of
battery power;

         · operate my UAS only within visual line of sight (VLOS);

         · use the UAS' global positioning system (GPS) flight safety feature whereby it
hovers and then slowly lands if communication with the remote control pilot is lost;

         · conduct all operations under my own personal and flight safety protocols
(including posting a warning sign reading: "Attention Aerial Photography in Progress ­
Remain Back 150 feet") contained in the operating documents and will actively analyze
flight data and other sources of information to constantly update and enhance his safety
protocols;

         · contact respective airports if operations will be within 5 miles to advise them of
estimated flight time, flight duration, elevation of flight and other pertinent information;

         · always obtain all necessary permissions prior to operation; and

         · have procedures in place to abort flights in the event of safety breaches or
potential danger.

§ 91.7(a) prohibits the operation of an aircraft without an airworthiness certificate. Since
there is currently no certificate applicable to his operation, this regulation is inapplicable.

§ 91.9(b)(2) requires an aircraft flight manual in the aircraft, however since there are no
pilots or passengers on board my aircraft and given it's size, this regulation is
inapplicable. I assure you that an equivalent level of safety will be achieved by
maintaining a safety/flight manual with the UAS ground station.

§ 91.119 prescribes safe altitudes for the operation of civil aircraft, but that it allows
helicopters to be operated at lower altitudes in certain conditions. I will not operate my
UAS above the altitude of 300 feet above ground level (AGL) and will also only operate
in safe areas away from the public and traffic, thus "providing a level of safety at least
equivalent to or below those in relation to minimum safe altitudes." Given the size,
weight, maneuverability, and speed of my UAS, an equivalent or higher level of safety
will be achieved.

§ 91.121 Altimeter settings is inapplicable since he UAS utilizes electronic GPS with a
barometric sensor.

Public Interest

Aerial videography for geographical awareness and real estate and resort marketing has
been around for a long time through manned fixed wing aircraft and helicopters, but for
small business owners, its expense has been cost-prohibitive. Granting this exemption
would allow me to provide this service at a much lower cost. My small UAS will pose no
threat to the public given its small size and lack of combustible fuel when compared to
larger manned aircraft. The operation of my UAS will minimize ecological damage and
promote economic growth by providing information to companies and prospective
homeowners looking to relocate or build in the Tahoe/Truckee area.
Phantom Flying Flow Chart:

  
  
  
  
  
  
                                       
Phantom  Quick  Start  Manual:      
  
                                                             
                                                             
         Phantom  2  User  Manual:  See  attached.  
           
         Restricted  Areas  Map:  
           
United  States:  

  
  
West  Coast:  
  

  
  
  
  
Personal  Safety  Protocols  and  Controls:  
  
Pre-flight:  
- Check  batteries,  and  make  sure  to  only  use  fully  charged  batteries.  
- Check  and  install  all  propellers  manually  before  each  flight.  
- Set  up  a  warning  sign  at  each  shoot  that  says,  "Attention  Aerial  Photography  in  

    Progress:  Remain  Back  150  Feet"  
- Check  batteries  and  ensure  functionality  of  remote  control  and  POV  screen.  
- Check  connection  of  transmitter  and  receiver  for  POV  screen.  
- Check  to  make  sure  all  software  for  Phantom  2  and  Gimbal  is  up-to-date  
  
During  Flight:  
- Only  have  Phantom  2  in  the  air  for  3-7  minutes  per  flight/battery.  (Battery  life  is  20-25  

    minutes  on  full  charge)  
- Operate  Phantom  2  only  within  visual  line  of  sight.  
- Use  GPS  system  to  ensure  safe  landing  should  the  signal  from  the  remote  control  be  

    lost.  
- Operational  hours  will  be  limited  to  daylight  hours  (between  dawn  and  dusk).  
- Only  operate  in  favorable  weather:  wind  speeds  less  than  10  mph,  no  precipitation,  and  

    good  visibility.  
      
  
