June 16, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 11823
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­1106

Mr. Harrison B. Keller IV
Owner
KellAIR Aerial Solutions, LLC
2206 Holly Pine Circle
Orlando, FL 32820

Dear Mr. Keller:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated April 15, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of KellAIR Aerial Solutions, LLC (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption.
The petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct
commercial and private real estate video and photography, mapping and land surveying,
construction, forestry, and agriculture inspection.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner are the DJI Phantom 2, DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ v3, and
DJI Phantom 3.
                                                                                                                 2

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

· They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

· The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

· A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, KellAIR Aerial Solutions, LLC is granted an
exemption from 14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a),
91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and
91.417(a) and (b), to the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                             3

aerial data collection. This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed
below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, KellAIR Aerial Solutions, LLC is hereafter referred to as
the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom 2,
    DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ v3, and DJI Phantom 3 when weighing less than 55 pounds
    including payload. Proposed operations of any other aircraft will require a new
    petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
    not permitted.

3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
    exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
    compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
    airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
    aircraft manufacturer.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
    electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
    must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
    required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
                                                                                                            4

    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
                                                                                                            5

    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
                                                                                       6

exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial

    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
                                                                                               7

reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
    as documented in this grant of exemption.

30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
    exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
    District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
    notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
    must include at least the following:
      a. Dates and times for all flights;
      b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
          under this grant of exemption;
      c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
          the UAS;
      d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
      e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
      f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
          and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
          who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
      g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
      h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
          town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
          essential to accomplish the operation.

31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
    consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
    exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                    8

This exemption terminates on June 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.
Sincerely,

John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
                                UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
                           DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION

                             DOCKET MANAGEMENT SYSTEM
                                 1200 NEW JERSEY AVE., SE
                                      WASHINGTON, DC

                        Regulatory Docket No.________________

                IN THE MATTER OF THE PETITION FOR EXEMPTION OF:
                                KellAIR Aerial Solutions, LLC

FOR AN EXEMPTION SEEKING RELIEF FROM THE REQUIREMENTS OF TITLE 14 OF
  THE CODE OF FEDERAL REGULATIONS SECTIONS: Part 21 Subpart H, 45.23 (b),
61.113(a) &(b), 91.7 (a), 91.103, 91.109 (a), 91.119 (c), 91.121, 91.151 (a), 91.405

    (a), 91.407 (a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) &(a)(2), AND 91.417(a) & (b) CONCERNING
COMMERCIAL OPERATION OF DJI PHANTOM 2 VISION+ v3, DJI PHANTOM 2 WITH

    ZENMUSE H3-3D GIMBLE MOUNT AND GOPRO HERO 3+ CAMERA, AND DJI
                     PHANTOM 3 UNMANNED AIRCRAFT SYSTEMS
                              PURSUANT TO SECTION 333 OF

                THE FAA MODERNIZATION AND REFORM ACT OF 2012
                                    (PUBLIC LAW 112-95)

                                                                                   Submitted on
                                                                  KellAIR Aerial Solutions, LLC

                                                                             2206 Holly Pine Cir
                                                                     Orlando, FL 32820

                                                                         (757) 650-7018
KellAIR Aerial Solutions, LLC
ATTN: Harrison Keller
2206 Holly Pine Cir
Orlando, FL 32820
(757) 650-7018

US Department of Transportation
Docket Management System
1200 New Jersey Ave., SE
Washington, DC 20590

Dear Sir or Madam,

The above requested exemptions would authorize KellAIR Aerial Solutions, LLC (KAS) to conduct
commercial operations using the above mentioned Small Unmanned Aerial Systems (sUAS) in
airspace regulated by the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA). Specific commercial
applications for which KAS intends to operate include: commercial and private real estate video
and photography, mapping and land surveying, construction, forestry, and agriculture
inspection.

The Reform Act gives the Secretary of Transportation the authority to determine if certain sUAS
may operate safely in the national airspace system (NAS) before completion of the FAA's plan
and rulemaking to integrate sUAS into the NAS. The Reform Act directs the Secretary to
consider which types of sUAS as a result of their size, weight, speed, operational capability,
proximity to airports and populated areas, and operation within visual line of sight do not
create a hazard to users of the national airspace or a threat to national security. If the
secretary determines that such vehicles may operate safely in the NAS, the Secretary "shall
establish requirements for the safe operation of such aircraft."

The granting of this exemption request will provide immediate benefit to agriculture, real
estate, forestry, and construction industries by authorizing highly controlled sUAS operations
within class G airspace, at or below 400 feet above ground level (ALG), in line of sight of an FAA
certified Private Pilot during daylight hours and above controlled privately owned and operated
property.

KAS's sUAS shall weigh less than 10 pounds including payload. They will operate at no more
than 50 knots and have the capability to hover, and move vertically and horizontally
simultaneously.
Operations would be conducted above privately owned and operated properties, with the
consent of owner/operator. KAS operations will be performed by professional pilots; this will
insure that the sUAS will "not create a hazard to users of the national airspace system or the
public."

The grant of this exemption request is in the public interest, does not create a hazard to users
of the NAS or the public, or pose a threat to national security.

In the following pages KAS addresses all areas of concern to include;
     Equivalent levels of safety
     Exemptions requested

KAS appreciates your consideration in this matter.

Warm Regards,

Harrison B. Keller IV

Owner
KellAIR Aerial Solutions, LLC
I. Contact Information

         KellAIR Aerial Solutions LLC
         ATTN: Harrison B. Keller IV
         2206 Holly Pine Cir
         Orlando, FL 32820
         (757)650-7018
         hbkeller@gmail.com

II. The Company

KellAIR Aerial Solutions was founded in 2015 by its Owner in an effort to provide the Central
Florida area with unique business opportunities utilizing sUAS technology. sUAS is a much safer
alternative to aerial imaging than the traditional use of light aircraft in the past.

KAS Owner/Operator is a current and qualified Airline Transport Pilot with over 4600 hours of
flying experience. He is currently working for a well-known air carrier as a First Officer on the
Boeing 747-400 which, while not a sUAS, ensures that he has an intimate knowledge of all types
of airspace and a close relationship with the FAA along with its rules and regulations. He is, in
addition, a current and qualified Certified Flight Instructor, Instrument Instructor, and Multi
Engine Instructor with more than 500 hours of dual instruction given. While none of these
qualifications have much to do with operating sUASs, they hold within them the knowledge and
experience to operate safely and the accountability to operate within the requirements and
guidelines set forth under Section 333.

KAS Owner/Operator has over 40 hours of sUAS experience in a hobby capacity.

III. Aircraft & Operations

Section 333 of the "FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012" states:
"... the Secretary of Transportation shall determine if certain unmanned aircraft systems may
operate safely in the national airspace system... In making the determination under subsection
(a). the Secretary shall determine, at a minimum ­ (1) which types of unmanned aircraft
systems, if any, as a result of their size, weight, speed, operational capability, proximity to
airports and populated areas, and operation within visual line of sight do not create a hazard to
users of the national airspace system or the public or pose a threat to national security..."

 Aircraft
KAS will utilize the DJI Phantom 3 Professional, DJI Phantom 2 with a Zenmuse HD-3D
gimbal mount with an attached GoPro Hero 3+ camera, and the DJI Phantom 2 Vision + to
conduct its missions.

These aircraft have fail safe features to include geo fencing and lost link return home
capability. DJI is the manufacturer of multirotor sUAS aircraft weighing less than 25lbs and
has developed technology that will enhance safe sUAS operations within the NAS.

DJI Phantom                                Phantom 3          2.82 lb
                                                  1280g
     Model
     Weight (Battery Included)

Hovering Accuracy               Vertical:      10cm               0.3
                                                 1m            3.3 feet
                   Horizontal:                 5 m/s          16.4 feet/s
                                               3 m/s          9.8 feet/s
Max Ascent Speed                              16 m/s
                                            23 minutes             36
Max Descent Speed                          -10°C to 40°C

Max Speed

Max Flight Time

Operating Temperature Range

Model                                      Phantom 2 Vision+    2.74lb
Weight (Battery Included)                           1242g
                                                               2.6 feet
Hovering Accuracy               Vertical:     0.8m             8.2 feet
                                              2.5m            19.7 feet/s
                   Horizontal:                6 m/s           6.7 feet/s
                                              2 m/s
Max Ascent Speed                             15 m/s                34
                                           25 minutes
Max Descent Speed                          0°C to 40°C          2.74lb

Max Speed                                                      2.6 feet
                                                               8.2 feet
Max Flight Time                                               19.7 feet/s
                                                              6.7 feet/s
Operating Temperature Range
                                                                   34
Model                                      Phantom 2 with
Weight (Battery Included)                  Gimbal and GoPro

                                                    1242g

Hovering Accuracy    Vertical:              0.8m
                   Horizontal:              2.5m
Max Ascent Speed                           6 m/s
Max Descent Speed                          2 m/s
Max Speed                                  15 m/s
Max Flight Time              25 minutes
Operating Temperature Range  0°C to 40°C

Note: The DJI Phantom 2 is the same type of aircraft as the DJI Phantom 2 Vision +. The only
difference is the mounting hardware. The two aircraft weigh the same with all attached
hardware.
Note: At the time of this request, DJI has not released a user manual for it's Phantom 3. The
above specifications are available on the manufacturer website. All training, safety, and
maintenance procedures are identical to the DJI Phantom 2. The procedures outlined in the
Phantom 2 user manual will be utilized with all platforms. Once the Phantom 3 manuals are
available, they will be provided on request.

 Operations

A. The sUAS shall not operate within 5 nautical miles of the geographic center of any
    airport as denoted on the current FAA-published aeronautical chart unless a letter of
    agreement with that airport's management is obtained, and the operation is conducted
    in accordance with a NOTAM as required by the operator's COA. This letter of
    agreement with the airport management shall be made available to the Administrator
    upon request.

B. The sUAS will only operate within the lateral boundaries of approved privately owned
    and operated property. An Operations Area within those boundaries will be established
    for each flight. These areas will be free of unnecessary hazards or risks and non-
    participating personnel.

a. The sUAS shall only operate within a pre-defined Operations Area that shall be
    thoroughly inspected by the PIC for buildings, overhangs, obstacles, wires, poles,
    people, vehicles, sun angle, shadows, glare, reflective surfaces, clouds, smoke,
    and terrain among other potential hazards

C. Flights shall be conducted under day visual meteorological conditions (VMC).

a. In addition, the sUAS shall not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than
    2,000 feet horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles
    from the PIC.

b. SUAS operations shall not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR §1.1.

c. Flights shall not be conducted under special visual flight rules (SVFR).

D. Flights shall be operated at an altitude at or below 400 feet AGL.
    E. The PIC shall be prohibited from operating the sUAS from any moving device or vehicle.

    F. The sUAS shall be operated within VLOS of the PIC.

             a. The PIC shall maintain VLOS without the aid of telescopes, cameras or other
                  devices.

             b. The PIC will maintain VLOS with their own vision, which includes the use of
                  eyeglasses or corrective lenses as specified on the PIC's medical certificate.

    G. The sUAS shall remain clear and yield the right of way to manned operations and
         activities at all times including, but not limited to, ultralight vehicles, parachute
         activities, parasailing activities, hang gliders, etc.

    H. KAS will require the PIC and SO to have successfully completed a qualification process
         which will include ground and flight training, as outlined in the Manufacturer's
         Operating Manual.

    I. The PIC's primary responsibility while in flight is the safe operation of the sUAS.

 Permitting

    A. All required permissions and permits shall be obtained from territorial, state, county, or
         city jurisdictions, including local law enforcement, or other appropriate governmental
         agencies.

    B. At least three days before a scheduled mission, KAS shall submit a written plan of
         activities to the local flight standards district office with jurisdiction over the area of the
         proposed flight. The 3-day notification may be waived with the concurrence of the
         FSDO.
             1. The plan of activities shall include at least the following:
             2. Dates and times for all requested flights
             3. Name and phone number of KAS sUAS Flight Operations
             4. Name, certificate, phone number of the PIC responsible
             5. Make, and model of sUAS to be used
             6. Statement from KAS that it will be operating on approved privately owned and
                  operated property; the list of those who gave permission shall be made available
                  on request.
             7. Description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area over
                  which flights will be conducted, the relationship of that area to any nearby city,
                  town, etc., and the altitudes essential to accomplish the operation
             8. Signature of exemption-holder or representative
    C. Documents required under 14 CFR §91.9 and §91.203 shall be readily available to the
         PIC any time the aircraft is in operation. These documents shall be made available to
         the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

    D. KAS shall request a Notice to Airman (NOTAM) not more than 72 hours in advance, but
         not less than 48 hours prior to the operation.

    E. KAS shall obtain the consent of all persons involved in the operation and ensure that
         only consenting persons be allowed within 500 feet of the Operations Area.

IV. Public Interest

 The public's interest is achieved by the safe integration of sUAS into the NAS.

 sUAS can offer a low cost alternative to the traditional methods of aerial video and
    photography taken from fixed wing or rotor aircraft. This opens up financial boundaries for
    consumers to take video, pictures, and inspections of their property.

 sUAS offers reduced noise and a much smaller environmental impact than traditional
    aircraft.

 With its light weight and small footprint as well as lack of fuel (in a traditional sense), any
    incident or accident is much less likely to cause damage to persons or property.

V. Regulations- Exemptions Requested

Pursuant to 14 C.F.R. § 11.81 (e), KAS seeks exemption from the below mentioned regulations
and provides reason as to why the exemption should be approved based on the level of safety
at least equal to that of which the rules require.

14 C.F.R. Part 21 Subpart H - Airworthiness Certificates
     14 C.F.R. Part 21 Subpart H States: The procedural requirements for the issuance of
         airworthiness certificates as required by 14 C. F. R. § 91 203(a)(l)

Given the small size of the UAS, the limited operating areas and meticulous procedures defined
within the training and operations section of this document, an exemption from Part 21
Subpart H meets the requirements of an equivalent level of safety under Part II and section 333
of the "Reform Act" with consideration "of size, weight, speed, operation capability, and
proximity to airports and populated areas of the particular UAS."
Weight    DJI P2 W/ Gimbal and     DJI P2 Vision +        DJI Phantom 3
Speed              GoPro
Power                               1242g/2.74lb           1280g/2.82lb
               1242g/2.74lb       15 m/s or 34MPH        15m/s or 36MPH
             15 m/s or 34MPH      5200 mAh 3S LiPo  4480 mAh 4S LiPo Battery
        5200 mAh 3S LiPo Battery
                                        Battery

· No operations within one statute mile; Prior notice given to ATC tower/Airport Operator
within five statute miles.
· Minimum distance of 250 ft from persons, structures, roads and vehicles not being
photographed.
· Operations will be contained within one square mile and all dangers identified and mitigated
before the flight plan is finalized into the GPS flight planning program.

Note: The FAA has recently set precedence to this regulation within similar given parameters
and should consider exemption approval on this basis. See exemption approvals for Astraeus
Aerial, Aerial MOB, HeliVideo Productions. RC Pro Productions. Snaproll Media and Pictorvision.

14 C.F.R. 45.23(b) - Aircraft Marking and Identification Requirements
         A. 14 C.F.R. § 45.23(b): Markings of the Aircraft: states:
         When marks include only the Roman capital letter "N" and the registration number is
         displayed on limited, restricted or light-sport category aircraft or experimental or
         provisionally certificated aircraft, the operator must also display on that aircraft near
         each entrance to the cabin, cockpit or pilot station, in letters not less than 2 inches nor
         more than 6 inches high, the words "limited," "restricted," "light-sport," "experimental,"
         or "provisional," as applicable.

KAS will ensure compliance with§ 45.29(t) to meet the intent of the regulation by placing the
word "experimental" on the fuselage of the air vehicle(s).

NOTE: The FAA has set precedence to this regulation within like given parameters and an
exemption should be considered and approved on this basis along with previous exemptions:
Nos. 10700, 10167 and I0/67A. Also. see most recent exemption approvals for Astraeus Aerial.
Aerial MOB, HeliVideo Productions, RC Pro Productions. Snaproll Media, and Pictorvision for
further justification of approval.

14 C.F.R. 61.113 (a)(b) - Private and Pilot Privilege and Limitations
     14 C.F.R. § 61.113: (a) Except as provided in paragraphs (b) through (g) of this section no

         person who holds a private pilot certificate may act as pilot in command of an aircraft

         that is carrying passengers or property for compensation or hire; nor may that person,
         for compensation or hire act as pilot in command of an aircraft. (b) A private pilot may,
         for compensation or hire, act as pilot in command of an aircraft in connection with any
         business or employment if: (1) The flight is only incidental to that business or
         employment; and (2) The aircraft does not carry passengers or property for
         compensation or hire.

1. Due to the fact that there are no standards for private or commercial sUAS operations, KAS
requests to utilize at least private pilots with a third class medical in support of its own operations.

2. Knowledge of flight characteristics and the Federal Aviation Regulations (FARs), along with the
ability to physically manipulate the controls of the sUAS are the critical aspects of the requested
operation. KAS feels this can be accomplished by a private pilot that has specific training on the
sUAS aircraft and operates in accordance with the KAS sUAS Operating Manual, Federal Aviation
Regulations, local, state and federal laws.

3. The risks associated with the operation of a sUAS are so diminished from the level of risk
associated with commercial aviation operations contemplated by Part 61 when drafted, that allowing
operations of the sUAS as requested with a private pilot as the PIC exceeds the present level of safety
achieved by 14 C.F.R. §61.113 (a) & (b).

4. Equivalent or better safety levels will be achieved as there will be no human beings on board the
sUAS aircraft.

5. FAA has authority to waive pilot requirements for commercial operations under 49 U.S.C
§44701(f).

14 C.F.R. 91.7(a)- Civil Aircraft Airworthiness
     14 C.F.R. 91.7(a) States: No person may operate a civil aircraft unless it is in an airworthy
         condition.

As no such certificate will be applicable in the form contemplated by the FARs, this Regulation is
inapplicable. In an effort to provide an equivalent level of safety, daily pre and post flight
inspections will accomplished in accordance with manufactures maintenance manuals(s) and
guidance.

NOTE: The FAA has set precedent by previously issuing exemptions for§ 91. 7(a): Exemption Nos.
8607, 8737, 8738, 9299, 9299A, 9565, 9565B, 10167, 1067A, 10602, 32827, and 10700. Also,
see most recent exemption approvals for Astraeus Aerial. Aerial MOB, HeliVideo Productions, RC
Pro Productions. Snaproll Media, and Pictorvision for further justification of approval.

14 C.F.R. 91.103- Preflight Action
     14C.F.R. 91.103 States: Each pilot in command shall, before beginning a flight, become
         familiar with all available information concerning that flight. This information must
         include- (paragraphs a, b, 1 and 2)

A pre-flight mission brief must be attended by all crew members. This pre-flight mission brief
will contain weather and all flight information including emergency and abort procedures. A
signature will be required by all crew members indicating they have received the pre-mission
brief and have read and NOTAMS or other procedural updates which may have impact to
standard operating procedures. In addition, the PIC will verify air vehicle is ready for flight by
coordinating with the maintenance technician during preflight inspection.

The exemption requested for this section is specifically addressed toward the requirements
which do not apply to sUAS operations such as runways and air traffic control integration.

NOTE: As previously stated, air traffic control and airport operator will be notified prior to any
operations being executed within five statute miles

NOTE: The FAA has recently set precedence to this regulation within like given parameters and
an exemption should be approved on this basis. See exemption approvals for Astraeus Aerial.
Aerial MOB. HeliVideo Productions. RC Pro Productions, Snaproll Media and Pictorvision.

14 C.F.R. 91.109(a)- Flight Instruction
     14 C.F.R. 91.109(a) States: No person may operate a civil aircraft (except a manned free
         balloon) that is being used for flight instruction unless that aircraft has fully functioning
         dual controls.

The majority of sUAS by design are developed with single operational control through the use
of pre-determined GPS enabled waypoints programmed before or during flight in addition to
the use of a single hand held transmitter or control station controlled by the PIC. The design
does not allow for dual controls during flight training and therefore the exemption is requested
to qualify/certify operators as required by the manufacturer along with specific operations
training and procedures identified above within section II.

An equivalent level of safety will be ensured during training operations by utilizing the same
flight planning process for normal operations. In the flight planning document, all ground
hazards will be identified and mitigation techniques will be enacted to ensure flights stay
outside of 250 ft of any improved roads, vehicles, persons or structures. All training operations
will be conducted within a confined space on private land in-which permission has been
obtained by land owner prior to the execution of training.

NOTE: The FAA has set precedent by previously issuing exemptions for§ 91.1 09(a): Exemption
Nos. 5778K and 9862A. Also, see most recent exemption approvals for Astraeus Aerial, Aerial
MOB. HeliVideo Productions, RC Pro Product ions. Snaproll Media and Pictorvision for further
justification of approval.

14 C.F.R. 91.119 (c) - Minimum Safe Altitudes
 14 C.F.R. 91.119 (c) States: Except when necessary for takeoff or landing, no person may

    operate an aircraft below the following altitudes: (c) Over other than congested areas. An
    altitude of 500 feet above the surface, except over open water or sparsely populated areas.
    In those cases, the aircraft may not be operated closer than 500 feet to any person, vessel,
    vehicle, or structure.

1. The sUAS will be operated at or below 400 feet AGL.

2. KAS shall obtain the consent of all persons involved in the operation and ensure that only
consenting persons be allowed within 500 feet of the Operations Area.

3. The sUAS will only operate within the lateral boundaries of approved privately owned and
operated property. An Operations Area within those boundaries will be established for each
flight. These areas will be free of unnecessary hazards or risks and non-participating personnel.

4. Given the size, weight, speed, material, and operation of the sUAS aircraft, equivalent levels
of safety will be achieved.

14 C. F. R. 91.121 - Altimeter Settings
     14 C. F. R. 91.121 - States: Each person operating an aircraft shall maintain the cruising
         altitude or flight level of that aircraft, as the case may be, by reference to an altimeter
         that is set, when operating ...

1. SUAS will not have a barometric altimeter, and may use a GPS altitude read out indication
instead, so an exemption may be needed.

2. An equivalent level of safety will be achieved by the operator as the sUAS uses AGL height
from its initialization/takeoff point.

NOTE: The FAA has recently set precedence to I his regulation within like given parameters and
an exemption should be considered on this basis. See exemption approvals for Astraeus Aerial.
Aerial MOB, HeliVideo Productions, RC Pro Productions, Snaproll Media and Pictorvision.

14 C.F.R. 91.151(a)- Fuel Requirements for Flight in VFR Conditions
     14 C.F.R. 91.151(a) States: No person may begin flight in an airplane under VFR
         conditions unless (considering wind and forecast weather conditions) there is enough
         fuel to fly to the first point of intended landing and, assuming normal cruising speed- (I)
         During the day to fly after that for at least 30 minutes:

This regulation is written based on the capabilities of a traditional aircraft which have flight
times of several hours or greater; therefore, with the majority of sUAS which have flight times
of only an hour or less, this regulation would effectively deny the ability of the air vehicle to
operate.
KAS feels an equivalent level of safety can be obtained by terminating the flight prior to the
following.

Aircraft Fuel (Battery) Requirements

DJI Phantom 2 - 25 minutes or 25% whichever occurs first.
DJI Phantom 3 - 23 minutes or 25% whichever occurs first.

         1. The DJI Phantom 2 and 3 have a second level of safety that is achieved through the
         use of an aircraft battery monitoring system. The aircraft system will alert the operator
         of low battery voltage and return the aircraft to its take off location before battery
         capacity is depleted.

         2. KAS will not operate sUAS at night in accordance with 14 CFR 1.1

         3. An equivalent level of safety will be achieved because these sUAS are limited in size,
         operational purposes of the sUAS, and shall only fly above approved privately owned
         and operated property at or below 400 feet AGL, it does not bear the same risks
         associated with this section's requirements.
.
NOTE: The FAA has set precedent by previously issuing exemptions for§ 91.151 (a): Exemption
Nos. 10673, 2689F, 5745, and 10808. Also, see most recent exemption approvals for Astraeus
Aerial. Aerial MOB. HeliVideo Productions. RC Pro Productions. Snaproll Media and Pictorvision
for further justification of approval.

14 CFR 91.405 (a) ­ Maintenance Required
     14 CFR 91.405 (a) States: Each owner or operator of an aircraft ­ (a) Shall have that
         aircraft inspected as prescribed in subpart E of this part and shall between required
         inspections, except as provided in paragraph (c) of this section, have discrepancies
         repaired as prescribed in part 43 of this chapter.

This section and Part 43 apply only to aircraft with an airworthiness certificate; therefore these
sections will not apply.

In the absence of regulatory provisions dealing with sUAS operation for maintenance required.
See Manufactures Maintenance Recommendations for maintenance required.

    1. Maintenance will be accomplished by KAS pursuant to the manufacturer's
         recommendations and sUAS Operating Manual and Inspection Program.
    2. Maintenance, preventive maintenance, rebuilding, and alteration will be successfully
         accomplished by trained personnel only.

    3. KAS will maintain daily of pre and post flight inspections and ensure the aircraft is in a
         flight ready status prior to conducting every mission.

    4. KAS shall only operate its sUAS with all systems functioning per manufactures
         specification in a discrepancy free condition.

    5. These records will be maintained at the principle base for operation for the life of the
         aircraft or as required by Federal Aviation Regulations.

KAS and the Aircraft Manufacturer (DJI) are the most familiar with the aircraft and best suited
to maintain the aircraft in an airworthy condition. This maintenance process allows for an
equivalent level of safety to be achieved due to the limited size, scope and area of operations.

NOTE: The FAA has recently set precedence to this regulation within like given parameters and
an exemption should be approved on this basis. See exemption approvals for Astraeus Aerial.
Aerial MOB, HeliVideo Productions. RC Pro Productions. Snaproll Media and Pictorvision.

14 CFR 91.407 (a) (1) ­ Operation after Maintenance, Preventive Maintenance, Rebuilding or
Alteration

     14 CFR 91.407 (a) (1) States: (a) No person may operate any aircraft that has undergone
         maintenance, preventative maintenance, rebuilding, or alteration unless ­ (1) It has been
         approved for return to service by a person authorized under §43.7 of this chapter.

This section and Part 43 apply only to aircraft with an airworthiness certificate; therefore these
sections will not apply.

In the absence of regulatory provisions dealing with sUAS operation for maintenance required.
See Manufactures Maintenance Recommendations for maintenance required.

    1. Maintenance will be accomplished by KAS pursuant to the manufacturer's
         recommendations and sUAS Operating Manual and Inspection Program.

    2. Maintenance, preventive maintenance, rebuilding, and alteration will be successfully
         accomplished by trained personnel only.

    3. Functional test flights will be performed by the PIC when required, the sUAS shall only
         be returned to service when this functional test flight is successfully completed. If a
         mechanical issue arises the sUAS can land safely or be recovered within the Operations
         Area.
    4. KAS shall only operate its sUAS with all systems functioning per manufactures
         specifications in a discrepancy free condition

    5. These records will be maintained at the principle base of operation for the life of the
         aircraft or as required by the Federal Aviation Regulations.

KAS and the Aircraft Manufacturer (DJI) are the most familiar with the aircraft and best suited
to maintain the aircraft in an airworthy condition. This maintenance process allows for an
equivalent level of safety to be achieved due to the limited size, scope and area of operations.

NOTE: The FAA has recently set precedence to this regulation within like given parameters and
an exemption should be approved on this basis. See exemption approvals for Astraeus Aerial.
Aerial MOB, HeliVideo Productions. RC Pro Productions. Snaproll Media and Pictorvision.

14 CFR 91.409 (a) (1) and (2) ­ Inspections
     14 CFR 91.409 (a) (1) and (2) States: (a) Except as provided in paragraph (c) of this section,
         no person may operate an aircraft unless, within the preceding 12 calendar months, it has
         had ­ (1) An annual inspection in accordance with part 43 of this chapter and has been
         approved for return to service by a person authorized by §43.7 of this chapter ; or (2) An
         inspection for the issuance of an airworthiness certificate in accordance with part 21 of this
         chapter.

This section and Part 43 apply only to aircraft with an airworthiness certificate; therefore these
sections will not apply.

In the absence of regulatory provisions dealing with sUAS operation for maintenance required.
See Manufactures Maintenance Recommendations for maintenance required.

    1. Maintenance will be accomplished by KAS pursuant to the manufacturer's
         recommendations and sUAS Operating Manual and Inspection Program.

    2. Maintenance, preventive maintenance, rebuilding, and alteration will be successfully
         accomplished by trained personnel only.

    3. Functional test flights will be performed by the PIC when required, the sUAS shall only
         be returned to service when this functional test flight is successfully completed. If a
         mechanical issue arises the sUAS can land safely or be recovered within the Operations
         Area.

    4. KAS shall only operate its sUAS with all systems functioning per manufactures
         specifications in a discrepancy free condition

    5. These records will be maintained at the principle base of operation for the life of the
         aircraft or as required by the Federal Aviation Regulations.
KAS and the Aircraft Manufacturer (DJI) are the most familiar with the aircraft and best suited
to maintain the aircraft in an airworthy condition. This maintenance process allows for an
equivalent level of safety to be achieved due to the limited size, scope and area of operations.

NOTE: The FAA has recently set precedence to this regulation within like given parameters and
an exemption should be approved on this basis. See exemption approvals for Astraeus Aerial.
Aerial MOB, HeliVideo Productions. RC Pro Productions. Snaproll Media and Pictorvision.

14 CFR 91.417(a) and (b) ­ Maintenance Records
     14 CFR 91.417(a) and (b) States: (a) Except for work performed in accordance with §91.411
         and 91.413, each registered owner or operator shall keep the following records for the
         periods specified in paragraph (b) of this section: 1(i-iii), (2) (i-vi); (b) The owner or operator
         shall retain records for the periods prescribed: (paragraphs 1-3)

    1. Maintenance will be accomplished by KAS pursuant to the manufacturer's
         recommendations.

    2. Maintenance, preventative maintenance, rebuilding, and alteration maintenance record
         keeping will be performed by trained personnel and entered into the respective aircraft
         maintenance log at completion of each event.

    3. These records will be maintained at the principle base for operation for the life of the
         aircraft or as required by the Federal Aviation Regulations.

    4. KAS and the Aircraft Manufacturer (DJI) are the most familiar with the aircraft and best
         suited to maintain the aircraft in an airworthy condition. This maintenance process
         allows for an equivalent level of safety to be achieved due to the limited size, scope and
         area of operations.

KAS and the Aircraft Manufacturer (DJI) are the most familiar with the aircraft and best suited
to maintain the aircraft in an airworthy condition. This maintenance process allows for an
equivalent level of safety to be achieved due to the limited size, scope and area of operations.

NOTE: The FAA has recently set precedence to this regulation within like given parameters and
an exemption should be approved on this basis. See exemption approvals for Astraeus Aerial.
Aerial MOB, HeliVideo Productions. RC Pro Productions. Snaproll Media and Pictorvision.
