July 14, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12038
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­1433

Mr. Kenneth Dungey
P.O. Box 65241
Tucson, AZ 85728

Dear Mr. Dungey:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated April 18, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) for
an exemption. The petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to
conduct aerial videography and cinematography.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner are the DJI Phantom 2 Vision and DJI Phantom 3.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
                                                                                                                 2

14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Mr. Kenneth Dungey is granted an exemption from
14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c),
91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to
the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Mr. Kenneth Dungey is hereafter referred to as the operator.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                                                 3

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom 2
         Vision and DJI Phantom 3 when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload.
         Proposed operations of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to
         amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
         must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
         documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
         Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
         limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
         the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
         Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
         documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
         operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
                                                                                                            4

    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
                                                                                                            5

    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.
                                                                                                               6

   23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
       any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
       PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
       These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
       official upon request.

   24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
       activities at all times.

   25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

   26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
       persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
          a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
             from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
             that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
             where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
             the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
             of nonparticipating persons; and
          b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
             for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
             the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
             present an undue hazard.

       The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
       nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

   27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
       permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
       Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
       obtained for each flight to be conducted.

   28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
       boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
       to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
       reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
       contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

   29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
       as documented in this grant of exemption.
                                                                                                                 7

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                    8

This exemption terminates on July 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,
/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
Kenneth Dungey, Tucson Arizona - Section 333 Exemption Petition
April 18th 2015

U. S. Department of Transportation
Docket Management System
1200 New Jersey Ave, SE
Washington, DC 20590

Re: Exemption Request Section 333 of the FAA Reform Act of the Federal Aviation Regulations from 14 C.F.R.

45.23(b); 14 C.F.R. Part 21; 14 C.F.R. 61.113(a)&(b); 91.7(a); 91.9(b) (2); 91.103(b); 91.109; 119.121; 91.151(a);
91.203(a)&(b); 91.405(a); 91.407(a) (1); 91.409(a) (2); 91.417(a)&(b)

Dear Sir or Madam,

I, Kenneth Dungey, am writing pursuant to the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 and
the procedures contained within 14 C.F.R. 11, to request that I, Kenneth Dungey, an owner and
operator of small unmanned aircraft, be exempted from the Federal Aviation Regulations
("FARs") listed below so that I, Kenneth Dungey, may operate my small ultra light weight
unmanned aircraft system ("UAS") commercially in airspace regulated by the Federal Aviation
Administration ("FAA").

As described herein I, Kenneth Dungey, an Current FAA licensed Private Pilot, (Single Engine
land); experienced in flying hobby helicopters for recreational purposes. I have added a hobby
grade quad-copter 1 UAS to my inventory equipped with a onboard camera with intent for
aerial videography/cinematography to enhance academic community awareness for those
individuals and companies unfamiliar with the geographical layout of the metro Tucson area,
and augment real estate and special event photos/video; following exemption and approval by
the FAA. Thereby enhancing their academic research experience for the metro Tucson area. I
plan to add a second quad-copter DJI Inspire to my inventory in the future with comparable
safety capabilities.

I have flown small RC electric multirotors for over four (4) years, and have been flying RC
aircraft for over twenty five (25) years. I have also recently completed a 3 sUAS Multorotor
Operator Course given by AUV Flight Services located in Tucson. Committed to safety with each
flight. My, Kenneth Dungey's, exemption request would permit operation of ultra light weight,
unmanned (piloted by remote control) and comparatively inexpensive UAS(s) in tightly
controlled and limited airspace. Conducting predetermined operation in areas away from
general public, airports, heliports and vehicular traffic for community videos, and within
property boundaries for individual homeowner real estate listing videos/photos. Currently,
similar lightweight, remote controlled UAS's are legally operated by unmonitored amateur
hobbyists with no safety plan or controls in place to prevent catastrophe. I, Kenneth Dungey,

1 Appendix A ­ DJI Phantom quadcopter Operator Manual
have personally instilled safety protocols and controls to avoid and prevent public hazard, as
well as manned aircraft hazards/catastrophe. This will act to further safety protocols exclusive
to lightweight UAS's specific to real estate video and photography and private event usage as I,
Kenneth Dungey, record flight data and other information gained through permitted flight
operations to share with the FAA through any required FAA reports to assist with future
protocol and safety regulation.
Granting my, Kenneth Dungey's, request comports with the Secretary of Transportation's (FAA
Administrator's) responsibilities and authority to not only integrate UAS's into the national
airspace system, but to "...establish requirements for the safe operation of such aircraft
systems [UAS's] in the national airspace system" under Section 333(c) of the Reform Act specific
to the use of UAS's for real estate/Realtor purposes. Further I, Kenneth Dungey, will conduct my
operations in compliance with the protocols described herein or as otherwise established by
the FAA. For the reasons stated below I, Kenneth Dungey, respectfully request the grant of an
exemption allowing me to operate ultra light weight, remote controlled UAS's for academic
community awareness to benefit/stimulate attraction to the metro Tucson area and to enhance
real estate photos/videos and special events who cannot afford expensive manned aircraft for
the same purpose. Both of which will promote local economic growth through increased
employment and increased tax base. Both with public safety in mind by keeping heavier
manned aircraft containing combustible fuel that that poses potential public hazard.
I. Contact Information:
Kenneth Dungey
P.O Box 65241
Tucson, AZ 85728
Telephone: (520) 400-4888
Email: kendungey@sbcglobal.net
II. The Specific Sections of Title 14 of the Code of Federal Regulations From Which Kenneth
Dungey Requests Exemption are:
14 CFR 21;
14 C.F.R. 45.23(b);
14 CFR 61.113 (a) & (b);
14 C.F.R. 91, et seq.;
14 CFR 407 (a) (1);
14 CFR 409 (a) (2); and,
14 CFR 417 (a) & (b).
III. The Extent of relief Kenneth Dungey seeks and the Reason He Seeks Such Relief:
I, Kenneth Dungey, submit this application in accordance with the Reform Act, 112 P.L. 95 §§
331-334, seeking relief from any currently applicable FARs operating to prevent me, Kenneth
Dungey, contemplated commercial cinematic, academic and other flight operations within the
national airspace system. The Reform Act in Section 332 provides for such integration of civil
unmanned aircraft systems into our national airspace system as it is in the public's interest to
do so. My, Kenneth Dungey's, ultra light weight UAS meets the definition of "small unmanned
aircraft" as defined in Section 331 and therefore the integration of my ultra light weight UAS is
expressly contemplated by the Reform Act. I would like to operate my ultra light weight UAS
prior to the time period by which the Reform Act requires the FAA to promulgate rules
governing such craft. Thereby, providing direct experience and valuable information for formal
regulation that can be administered uniformly to all real estate/ special event related UAS aerial
video and photography. The Reform Act guides the Secretary in determining the types of UAS's
that may operate safely in our national airspace system. Considerations include: The weight,
size, speed and overall capabilities of the UAS's; Whether the UAS will be operated near
airports or heavily populated areas; and, Whether the UAS will be operated by line of sight. 112
P.L. 95 § 333 (a). Each of these items reflect in favor of an exemption for me, Kenneth Dungey.
My UAS utilizes four (4) rotating propellers for balance, control and stability. My UAS is
equipped with GPS and auto return safety technology. Weighing less than five (5) pounds (far
below the maximum 55 pound limit); including camera with gimbal.

I, Kenneth Dungey, consider safety as foremost with each flight. My small unmanned aircraft is
designed to hover in place via GPS and operate in less than a 24 knot (15 mph) wind. For safety,
stability and fear of financial loss I will not fly in winds exceeding 16 kph (10 mph). Built in
safety systems include a GPS mode that allows my UAS to hover in place when radio controls
are released. With three modes to choose from, I utilize the GPS Mode 2 for aerial
videography/photography. This is the safest, most reliable and stable mode to prevent accident
and hazard. When pilot communication is lost this UAS is designed slowly descend to point of
take off. I do not operate my UAS near airports, Hospitals nor Police heliports, and do not
operate near areas where general public is within twenty five to fifty (25-50) yards depending
on location, conditions and weather. I am constantly on alert for any manned aircraft
(Police/Medical helicopters, etc.) and prepared to land/abort immediately to the nearest and
safest ground point should a manned aircraft approach my location or I suspect manned
aircraft may approach near my location. My UAS is capable of vertical and horizontal
operations, and are flown only within my line of sight of me, as the remote control pilot.
Utilizing battery power rather than combustible fuels, flights generally last between three (5) to
seven (10) minutes, with an altitude under one two hundred (200) feet. I, Kenneth Dungey,
utilize a fresh fully charged battery with each flight as a safety precaution; full flight time limit
for each battery is eighteen (18) to twenty (20) minutes as tested. I do not operate my UAS at
or below manufacture recommend minimum charge levels for operation; preferring to remain
well within a safe operating range to insure adequate communication between radio control
and UAS to eliminate potential for crash, loss of control or hazard. Reserve batteries are at
hand with each exercise to insure replacement for sufficient safe level of operation. I do not
believe in taking risk that may cause a crash, that could create hazard to the
public/property/manned aircraft, and have no desire to lose an investment. I have clocked

2 GPS Mode includes, position hold, self-leveling, altitude command, GPS, return home feature, and safety
control to return home or land in the event of communication interruption between RC transmitter and UAS. See Appendix A -
Operator Manual.
numerous practice flights in remote areas as a hobbyist simulating flights for future commercial
use to gain familiarization with the characteristics of this specific UAS's performance under
different temperature and weather conditions. I also practice computerized simulated flights to
maintain adequate skills and response reflex time. All for the sake of safety.

I, Kenneth Dungey, am extremely cautious when operating of my UAS/ultra light weight
unmanned aircraft and will not "create a hazard to users of the national airspace system or the
public." 112 P.L. 95 § 333 (b). Given the small size and weight of my UAS it falls well within
Congress's contemplated safety zone when it promulgated the Reform Act and the
corresponding directive to integrate UAS's into the national airspace system. Kenneth Dungey's
UAS, used in hobby flight, has a demonstrable safety record and does not pose any threat to
the general public or national security.

         I have met the current qualifications and have far exceeded the current requirement:
         as determined by the FAA, 4 require "...25 hours of total time as a UAS rotorcraft pilot
         including at least 10 hours logged as a UAS pilot with a multi-rotor UAS...a minimum of 5
         hours as UAS pilot operating the make and model of UAS to be used..."

IV. How Kenneth Dungey's Request Will Benefit the Public As A Whole:

Aerial videography for geographical awareness and for real estate marketing and special events
has been around for a long time through manned fixed wing aircraft and helicopters. For small
budget real estate companies and average homeowners the expense of such aerial videography
is cost prohibitive. Only large companies and high end Realtors or luxury homeowners can
afford to absorb such expense. Depriving non-luxury homeowners and lower budget Realtors
from a valuable marketing tool. Manned aircraft pose a threat to the public through potential
catastrophic crash that the Tucson community has experienced in the past with military aircraft
and medical helicopter crashes within the city of Tucson. Each resulting in loss of life. Each with
combustible fuel that exploded and burned on impact. Police helicopters have made
emergency hard landings within city limits. My, Kenneth Dungey's, UAS pose no such threat
since size and lack of combustible fuel alleviates any potential threat to the public. Congress has
already proclaimed that it is in the public's interest to integrate commercially flown UAS's into
the national airspace system, hence the passing of the Reform Act. Granting my, Kenneth
Dungey's, exemption request furthers the public interest through academic/visual awareness of
the geographical benefits in and around the metro Tucson area. My ultra light weight UAS is
battery powered and creates no emissions that can harm the environment. The consequence of
my ultra light weight UAS crashing is far less than a full size helicopter or fixed wing aircraft;
which are heavy, contain combustible fuel and can cause catastrophic devastation to the public.

4 Appendix- D Flight Log

The public's interest is furthered by minimizing ecological and crash threat by permitting aerial
video/photo capture through my battery operated ultra light weight UAS's. Permitting me,
Kenneth Dungey, to immediately fly within national air space furthers economic growth.
Granting my exemption request substantially furthers the economic impact for the metro
Tucson community for companies looking to relocate or build in the Tucson metro area as well
as individuals looking to relocate for career advancement through academic and geographical
awareness. Both of which serve as a stimulus to the community.

V. Reasons Why Kenneth Dungey's Exemption Will Not Adversely Affect Safety Or How The
Exemption Will Provide a Level of Safety At Least Equal To Existing Rule:

My, Kenneth Dungey's, exemption will not adversely affect safety. Quite the contrary, for the
reasons stated permitting me, Kenneth Dungey, to log more flight time in FAA controlled
airspace, with communication with the FAA, will allow me to contribute to the innovation and
implementation of new and novel, for development in cooperation with the FAA. In addition I,
Kenneth Dungey, submit the following representations of enhancements to current aerial
videography and photography for real estate:

My UAS weighs less than 5 pounds complete; I only operate my UAS below 200 feet (well
within the 400 foot permissible ceiling set by the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012);
my UAS only operate for 5-10 minutes per flight; I land my UAS prior to manufacturer
recommended minimum level of battery power;

     I pilot my UAS through remote control only by line of sight;
     My UAS has GPS a flight safety feature whereby it hovers and then slowly lands if

         communication with the remote control pilot is lost;
     I actively analyze flight data and other sources of information to constantly update and

         enhance safety protocols;
     I only operate in reasonably safe environment that are strictly controlled, are away from

         power lines, elevated lights, airports and actively populated areas;
     I conduct extensive pre-flight inspections and protocol, during which safety carries

         primary importance;
     I always obtains all necessary permissions prior to operation; and,
     I have procedures in place to abort flights in the event of safety breaches or potential

         danger.

My, Kenneth Dungey's, safety protocols provide a level of safety equal to or exceeding existing
rules. It is important to note that absent the integration of commercial UAS into our national
airspace system, helicopters are the primary means of aerial video and photography for
community awareness and real estate. While the safety record of such helicopters is
remarkably astounding, it is far safer to operate a battery powered ultra light weight UAS.

First, the potential loss of life is diminished because UAS's carry no people on board and I only
operates my UAS in specific areas away from mass populations. Second, there is no fuel on
board a UAS and thus the potential for fire or explosions is greatly diminished. Third, the small
size and extreme maneuverability of my UAS allow me to remotely pilot away from and avoid
hazards quickly and safely. Lastly, given its small size and weight, even when close enough to
capture amazing images, my UAS need not be so close to the objects they are focused on
through the technology and use of post editing software allowing pan and zoom.
Accordingly, my UAS has been experimentally operated for familiarization/competency and will
continue to operate at and above current safety levels.

VI. A Summary The FAA May Publish in the Federal Register:

A. 14 C.F.R. 21 and 14 C.F.R. 91: Airworthiness Certificates, Manuals and The Like. 14 C.F.R. 21,
Subpart H, entitled Airworthiness Certificates, sets forth requirements for procurement of
necessary airworthiness certificates in relation to FAR § 91.203(a)(1). The size, weight and
enclosed operational area of my, Kenneth Dungey's, UAS permits exemption from Part 21
because my UAS meets (and exceeds) an equivalent level of safety pursuant to Section 333 of
the Reform Act. The FAA is authorized to exempt aircraft from the airworthiness certificate
requirement under both the Act (49 U.S.C. § 44701 (f)) and Section 333 of the Reform Act. Both
pieces of legislation permit the FAA to exempt UAS's from the airworthiness certificate
requirement in consideration of the weight, size, speed, maneuverability and proximity to areas
such as airports and dense populations. My, Kenneth Dungey's, current and projected UAS's
meet or exceed each of the elements.

14 C.F.R. 91.7(a) prohibits the operation of an aircraft without an airworthiness certificate. As
no such certificate will be applicable in the form contemplated by the FARs, this Regulation is
inapplicable. 14 C.F.R. § 91.9 (b) (2) requires an aircraft flight manual in the aircraft. As there
are no on board pilots or passengers, and given the size of the UAS's, this Regulation is
inapplicable. An equivalent level of safety will be achieved by maintaining a safety/flight
manual delineating areas of where safety can be defined.    The FAA has previously issued
exemptions to this regulation in Exemption Nos. 8607, 8737, 8738, 9299, 9299A, 9565, 9565B,
10167, 10167A, 10602, 10700 and 32827. 14 C.F.R. § 91.121 regarding altimeter settings is
inapplicable insofar as my UAS utilizes electronic global positioning systems with a barometric sensor.

14 C.F.R. § 91.203 (a) and (b) provides for the carrying of civil aircraft certifications and registrations.
They are inapplicable for the same reasons described above. The equivalent level of safety will be
achieved by maintaining any such required certifications and registrations by me, Kenneth Dungey.

B. 14 C.F.R. § 45.23: Marking of The Aircraft. Applicable Codes of Federal Regulation require aircraft to
be marked according to certain specifications. My UAS are, by definition, unmanned. They therefore do
not have a cabin, cockpit or pilot station on which to mark certain words or phrases. Further, two-inch
lettering is difficult to place on such small aircraft with dimensions smaller that minimal lettering
requirement. Regardless, I will mark its UASs in the largest possible lettering by placing the word
"EXPERIMENTAL" on its fuselage as required by 14 C.F.R. §45.29 (f) so that I the pilot, or anyone
assisting me as a spotter with the UAV will see the markings. The FAA has previously issued exemptions
to this regulation through Exemptions Nos. 8738, 10167, 10167A and 10700.
C. 14 C.F.R. § 61.113: Private Pilot Privileges and Limitations: PIC. Pursuant to 14 C.F.R. §§ 61.113 (a) &
(b), private pilots are limited to non-commercial operations. I, Kenneth Dungey, am a current FAA
certified private (single engine land). Thus, allowing me, Kenneth Dungey, to operate my UAS meet and
exceed current safety levels in relation to 14 C.F.R. §61.113 (a) & (b).
D. 14 C.F.R. 91.119: Minimum Safe Altitudes. 14 C.F.R. § 91.119 prescribes safe altitudes for the
operation of civil aircraft. It allows helicopters to be operated at lower altitudes in certain conditions.
My UAS will never operate at an altitude greater than 200 AGL; safely below the standard of 400 AGL. I,
Kenneth Dungey, will however operate my UAS in safe areas away from public and traffic, providing a
level of safety at least equivalent to or below those in relation to minimum safe altitudes. Given the size,
weight, maneuverability and speed of my UAS, an equivalent or higher level of safety will be achieved.
E. 14 C.F.R. 91.405 (a); 407 (a) (1); 409 (a) (2); 417(a) & (b): Maintenance Inspections. The above-cited
Regulations require, amongst other things, aircraft owners and operators to "have [the] aircraft
inspected as prescribed in subpart E of this part and shall between required inspections, except as
provided in paragraph (c) of this section, have discrepancies repaired as prescribed in part 43 of this
chapter. . . ." These Regulations only apply to aircraft with an airworthiness certificate. They will not,
therefore, apply to my, Kenneth Dungey's, UAS. However, as a safety precaution I inspect my UAS
before and after each flight.

A Summary The FAA May Publish in the Federal Register: A. 14 C.F.R. 21 and 14 C.F.R. 91:
Airworthiness Certificates, Manuals and The Like. 14 C.F.R. 21, Subpart H, entitled
Airworthiness Certificates, sets forth requirements for procurement of necessary airworthiness
certificates in relation to FAR § 91.203(a)(1). The size, weight and enclosed operational area of
my UAS permits exemption from Part 21 because my, Kenneth Dungey's, UAS meets an
equivalent level of safety pursuant to Section 333 of the Reform Act. The FAA is authorized to
exempt aircraft from the airworthiness certificate requirement under both the Act (49 U.S.C. §
44701 (f)) and Section 333 of the Reform Act. Both pieces of legislation permit the FAA to
exempt UAS's from the airworthiness certificate requirement in consideration of the weight,
size, speed, maneuverability and proximity to areas such as airports and dense populations. My
UAS meets or exceeds each of the elements. 14 C.F.R. 91.7(a) prohibits the operation of an
aircraft without an airworthiness certificate. As no such certificate will be applicable in the form
contemplated by the FARs, this Regulation is inapplicable. 14 C.F.R. § 91.9 (b) (2) requires an
aircraft flight manual in the aircraft. As there are no pilots or passengers, and given the size of
the UAS's, this Regulation is inapplicable. An equivalent level of safety will be achieved by
maintaining a manual. The FAA has previously issued exemptions to this regulation in
Exemption Nos. 8607, 8737, 8738, 9299, 9299A, 9565, 9565B, 10167, maintenance program
that involves regular software updates and curative measures for any damaged hardware.
Therefore, an equivalent level of safety will be achieved.

In summary, Kenneth Dungey seeks an exemption from the following
Regulations:

14 C.F.R. 21, subpart H; 14 C.F.R. 45.23(b); 14 C.F.R. §§ 61.113 (a) & (b); 14 C.F.R. § 91.7 (a); 14
C.F.R. § 91.9 (b)(2); 14 C.F.R. § 91.103(b); 14 C.F.R. § 91.109; 14 C.F.R. § 91.119; 14 C.F.R. §
91.121; 14 C.F.R. § 91.151(a); 14 C.F.R. §§ 91.203(a) and (b); 14 C.F.R. § 91.405 (a); 14 C.F.R. §
91.407 (a)(1); 14 C.F.R. § 91.409 (a)(2); 14 C.F.R. § 91.409 (a ) (2); and, 14 C.F.R. §§ 91.417 (a) &
(b) to commercially operate my, Kenneth Dungey's, small unmanned vehicle/lightweight
unmanned aircraft vehicle in community awareness and real estate operations, and to develop
economic platforms for real estate to enhance the experience of those seeking to relocate to
the metro Tucson area. Currently, area awareness and real estate aerial
videography/photography relies primarily on the use of larger aircraft running on combustible
fuel. Posing potential risk to the public. Granting my, Kenneth Dungey's, request for exemption
will reduce current risk levels and thereby enhance safety. My UAS craft do not contain
potentially explosive fuel, is smaller, lighter and more maneuverable than conventional real
estate video and photographic aircraft with much less flight time. Further, I operate at lower
altitudes and in controlled airspace eliminating potential public risk flying to and from
established air fields. I, Kenneth Dungey, have been informally analyzing flight information and
will compile safety protocols and the implementation of a flight operations manual for real
estate usage that exceeds currently accepted means and methods for safe flight. Formal
collection of information shared with the FAA will enhance the FAA's internal efforts to
establish protocols for complying with the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012. There
are no personnel on board my, Kenneth Dungey's, UAS and therefore the likelihood of death or
serious bodily injury is significantly diminished. My, Kenneth Dungey's, operation of my UAS,
weighing less than 5 pounds and travelling at lower speeds within limited areas will provide an
equivalent level of safety as that achieved under current FARs. Accordingly I, Kenneth Dungey,
respectfully request that the FAA grant my exemption request and am willing to cooperate in
sharing information to benefit the FAA, safety of manned aircraft, and the general public at
large.

Respectfully submitted,

Kenneth Dungey
P.O. Box 65241
Tucson, AZ 85728
