September 10, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12813
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA-2015-2654

Mr. Kevin Wardwell
Home Inspector
14260 West Talon Creek Drive
Boise, ID 83713

Dear Mr. Wardwell:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated June 4, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) for an
exemption. You requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct
community videos, and within property boundaries for individual homeowner real estate
listing videos/photos.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a 3d Robotics IRIS+.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
                                                                                                                 2

aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

· They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

· The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

· A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Mr. Kevin Wardwell is granted an exemption from
14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c),
91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to
the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                             3

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Mr. Kevin Wardwell is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the 3d Robotics IRIS+
    when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any
    other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
    not permitted.

3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
    exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
    compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
    airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
    aircraft manufacturer.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
    electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
    must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
    required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
                                                                                                            4

    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
                                                                                                            5

    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
                                                                                                               6

       (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
       be as large as practicable.

   23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
       any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
       PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
       These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
       official upon request.

   24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
       activities at all times.

   25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

   26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
       persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
          a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
             from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
             that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
             where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
             the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
             of nonparticipating persons; and
          b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
             for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
             the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
             present an undue hazard.

       The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
       nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

   27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
       permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
       Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
       obtained for each flight to be conducted.

   28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
       boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
       to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
       reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
       contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.
                                                                                                                 7

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.

This exemption terminates on September 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
Kevin Wardwell, Real estate inspector Boise ID - Section 333 Exemption Petition

June 4, 2015

U. S. Department of Transportation

Docket Management System

1200 New Jersey Ave, SE

Washington, DC 20590

Re: Exemption Request Section 333 of the FAA Reform Act of the Federal Aviation Regulations from 14
C.F.R. 45.23(b); 14 C.F.R. Part 21; 14 C.F.R. 61.113(a)&(b); 91.7(a); 91.9(b) (2); 91.103(b); 91.109;
119.121; 91.151(a); 91.203(a)&(b); 91.405(a); 91.407(a) (1); 91.409(a) (2); 91.417(a)&(b)

Dear Sir or Madam,

I, Kevin Wardwell, am writing pursuant to the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 and the
procedures contained within 14 C.F.R. 11, to request that I, Kevin Wardwell, an owner and operator of
small unmanned aircraft, be exempted from the Federal Aviation Regulations ("FARs") listed below so
that I, Kevin Wardwell, may operate my small ultra light weight unmanned aircraft system ("UAS")
commercially in airspace regulated by the Federal Aviation Administration ("FAA"). As described herein
I, Kevin Wardwell, am a licensed Real-estate inspector within the State of Idaho; experienced in flying
hobby helicopters for recreational purposes. I have added a hobby grade quad-copter1 UAS to my
inventory equipped with a GoPro4+ Black camera with intent for aerial videography/cinematography to
enhance academic community awareness for those individuals and companies unfamiliar with the
geographical layout of the land of Idaho, and augment real estate listing videos; following exemption
and approval by the FAA. Thereby enhancing their academic research experience for the Idaho area.

I have flown small RC electric helicopters for over ten (10) years without incident. Committed to safety
with each flight. My, Kevin Wardwell, exemption request would permit operation of ultra light weight,
unmanned (piloted by remote control) and comparatively inexpensive UAS(s) in tightly controlled and
limited airspace.2 Predetermined in areas away from general public, airports, heliports and vehicular
traffic for community videos, and within property boundaries for individual homeowner real estate
listing videos/photos. Currently, similar lightweight, remote controlled UAS's are legally operated by
unmonitored amateur hobbyists with no safety plan or controls in place to prevent catastrophe. I, Kevin
Wardwell, will continue to strictly comply with safety.

1 Appendix A ­ 3dr IRIS+ quad-copter Operator Manual

2 Appendix B ­ Idaho area maps
Kevin Wardwell, Home Inspector Boise ID- Section 333 Exemption Petition

and maintenance procedures included in all applicable UAS manufacturer's instructions and operating
manuals to avoid and prevent public hazard, as well as manned aircraft hazards/catastrophe. This will
act to further safety protocols exclusive to lightweight UAS's specific to real estate video and
photography usage as I, Kevin Wardwell, record flight data and other information gained through
permitted flight operations to share with the FAA through any required FAA reports to assist with future
protocol and safety regulation.

Granting my, Kevin Wardwell's, request comports with the Secretary of Transportation's (FAA
Administrator's) responsibilities and authority to not only integrate UAS's into the national airspace
system, but to "...establish requirements for the safe operation of such aircraft systems [UAS's] in the
national airspace system" under Section 333(c) of the Reform Act specific to the use of UAS's for real
estate/Realtor purposes. Further I, Kevin Wardwell, will conduct my operations in compliance with the
protocols described herein or as otherwise established by the FAA.

For the reasons stated below I, Kevin Wardwell, respectfully request the grant of an exemption allowing
me to operate ultra light weight, remote controlled UAS's for academic community awareness to
benefit/stimulate attraction to the Idaho area and to enhance real estate listing videos for homeowners
who cannot afford expensive manned aircraft for the same purpose. Both of which will promote local
economic growth through increased employment and increased tax base. Both with public safety in
mind by keeping heavier manned aircraft containing combustible fuel that that poses potential public
hazard.

I.Contact Information:

              Kevin wardwell, Home Inspector®

              14260 W. Talon Creek Dr.

              Boise, ID 83713

               II. The Specific Sections of Title 14 of the Code of Federal Regulations From Which Kevin
              Wardwell Requests Exemption are:

              14 CFR 21;

              14 C.F.R. 45.23(b);

               14 CFR 61.113 (a) & (b);

               14 C.F.R. 91, et seq.;

               14 CFR 407 (a) (1);

               14 CFR 409 (a) (2); and,

              14 CFR 417 (a) & (b).

               Kevin Wardwell, Home Inspector®, Boise ID - Section 333 Exemption Petition
Kevin Wardwell, Home Inspector®, Boise ID - Section 333 Exemption Petition

III. The Extent of relief Kevin Wardwell seeks and the Reason He Seeks Such Relief:

I, Kevin Wardwell, submit this application in accordance with the Reform Act, 112 P.L. 95 §§
331-334, seeking relief from any currently applicable FARs operating to prevent me, Kevin
Wardwell, contemplated commercial cinematic, academic and other flight operations within
the national airspace system. The Reform Act in Section 332 provides for such integration of
civil unmanned aircraft systems into our national airspace system as it is in the public's
interest to do so. My, Kevin Wardwell's, ultra light weight UAS meets the definition of "small
unmanned aircraft" as defined in Section 331 and therefore the integration of my ultra light
weight UAS is expressly contemplated by the Reform Act. I would like to operate my ultra
light weight UAS prior to the time period by which the Reform Act requires the FAA to
promulgate rules governing such craft. Thereby, providing direct experience and valuable
information for formal regulation that can be administered uniformly to all real estate
related UAS aerial video and photography. The Reform Act guides the Secretary in
determining the types of UAS's that may operate safely in our national airspace system.
Considerations include: The weight, size, speed and overall capabilities of the UAS's;
Whether the UAS will be operated near airports or heavily populated areas; and, Whether
the UAS will be operated by line of sight. 112 P.L. 95 § 333 (a). Each of these items reflect in
favor of an exemption for me, Kevin Wardwell. My UAS utilizes four (4) counter-rotating
propellers for balance, control and stability. My UAS is equipped with GPS and auto return
safety technology. Weighing less than five (5) pounds (far below the maximum 55 pound
limit); including camera with gimbal.

I, Kevin Wardwell, considers safety as foremost with each flight. My small unmanned aircraft
is designed to hover in place via GPS and operate in less than a 24 knot (15 mph) wind. For
safety, stability and fear of financial loss I will not fly in winds exceeding 16 kph (10 mph).
Built in safety systems include a GPS mode that allows my UAS to hover in place when radio
controls are released. With three modes to choose from, I utilize the Loiter Mode for aerial
videography/photography. This is the safest, most reliable and stable mode to prevent
accident and hazard. When pilot communication is lost UAS is designed slowly descend to
point of take off. I do not operate my UAS near airports, Hospitals nor Police heliports, and
do not operate near areas where general public is within fifty to one hundred (50-100) yards
depending on location, conditions and weather. I am constantly on alert for any manned
aircraft (Police/Medical helicopters, etc.) and prepared to land/abort immediately to the
nearest and safest ground point should a manned aircraft approach my location or I suspect
manned aircraft may approach near my location. My UAS is capable of vertical and
horizontal operations, and are flown only within my line of sight of me, as the remote
control pilot. Utilizing battery power rather than combustible fuels, flights generally last
between three (3) to seven (7) minutes, with an altitude under one hundred fifty (150) feet.
I, Kevin

3 Loiter Mode includes safe circle for operation, position hold, self-leveling, altitude command, GPS, return home feature, and
safety control to return home or land in the event of communication interruption between RC transmitter and UAS.

See Appendix A - Operator Manual
Kevin Wardwell, Home Inspector®, Boise ID - Section 333 Exemption Petition
Kevin Wardwell, Home Inspector®, Boise ID - Section 333 Exemption Petition

Wardwell, utilize a fresh fully charged battery with each flight as a safety precaution; full
flight time limit for each battery is fifteen (15) to twenty-five (25) minutes as tested. I do not
operate my UAS at or below manufacture recommend minimum charge levels for operation;
preferring to remain well within a safe operating range to insure adequate communication
between radio control and UAS to eliminate potential for crash, loss of control or hazard.
Reserve batteries are at hand with each exercise to insure replacement for sufficient safe
level of operation. I do not believe in taking risk that may cause a crash, that could create
hazard to the public/property/manned aircraft, and have no desire to lose an investment. I
have clocked numerous practice flights in remote areas as a hobbyist simulating flights for
future commercial use to gain familiarization with the characteristics of this specific UAS's
performance under different temperature and weather conditions. I also practice
computerized simulated flights to maintain adequate skills and response reflex time. All for
the sake of safety.

I, Kevin Wardwell's, am extremely cautious when operating of my UAS/ultra light weight
unmanned aircraft and will not "create a hazard to users of the national airspace system or
the public." 112 P.L. 95 § 333 (b). Given the small size and weight of my UAS it falls well
within Congress's contemplated safety zone when it promulgated the Reform Act and the
corresponding directive to integrate UAS's into the national airspace system. Kevin
Wardwell's UAS, used in hobby flight, has a demonstrable safety record and does not pose
any threat to the general public or national security.

IV. How Kevin Wardwell's Request Will Benefit the Public As A Whole:

Aerial videography for geographical awareness and for real estate marketing has been
around for a long time through manned fixed wing aircraft and helicopters. For small budget
real estate companies and average homeowners the expense of such aerial videography is
cost prohibitive. Only large companies and high end Realtors or luxury homeowners can
afford to absorb such expense. Depriving non -luxury homeowners and lower budget
Realtors from a valuable marketing tool. Manned aircraft pose a threat to the public through
potential catastrophic crash that the community has experienced in the past. Each resulting
in loss of life. Each with combustible fuel that exploded and burned on impact. Police
helicopters have made emergency hard landings within city limits. My, Kevin Wardwell's,
UAS pose no such threat since size and lack of combustible fuel alleviates any potential
threat to the public.

Congress has already proclaimed that it is in the public's interest to integrate commercially
flown UAS's into the national airspace system, hence the passing of the Reform Act.
Granting my, Kevin Wardwell's, exemption request furthers the public interest through
academic/visual awareness of the geographical benefits in and around the Idaho area. My
Kevin Wardwell, Home Inspector®, Boise ID - Section 333 Exemption Petition
    Kevin Wardwell, Home Inspector®, Boise ID - Section 333 Exemption Petition

    ultra light weight UAS is battery powered and creates no emissions that can harm the
    environment. The consequence of my ultra light weight UAS crashing is far less than a full
    size helicopter or fixed wing aircraft; which are heavy, contain combustible fuel and can
    cause catastrophic devastation to the public.

    The public's interest is furthered by minimizing ecological and crash threat by permitting
    aerial video/photo capture through my battery operated ultra light weight UAS's. Permitting
    me, Kevin Wardwell, to immediately fly within national air space furthers economic growth.
    Granting my exemption request substantially furthers the economic impact for the
    community for companies looking to relocate or build in the Idaho area as well as
    individuals looking to relocate for career advancement through academic and geographical
    awareness. Both of which serve as a stimulus to the community.

    V. Reasons Why Kevin Wardwell's Exemption Will Not Adversely Affect Safety Or How The
    Exemption Will Provide a Level of Safety At Least Equal To Existing Rule:

    My, Kevin Wardwell's, exemption will not adversely affect safety. Quite the contrary, for the
    reasons stated permitting me, Kevin Wardwell, to log more flight time in FAA controlled
    airspace, with communication with the FAA, will allow me to contribute to the innovation
    and implementation of new and novel, as of yet undiscovered safety protocols for Realtors
    that can be embraced by the NAR6 , AAR7 , and TAR8 for development in cooperation with
    the FAA. In addition I, Kevin Wardwell, submit the following representations of
    enhancements to current aerial videography and photography for real estate:

         a. My UAS weighs less than 5 pounds complete with a small ultra light weight high
              quality GoPro 4+ Black camera;

         b. I only operate my UAS below 200 feet (well within the 400 foot permissible ceiling
              set by the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012);

         c. my UAS only operate for 20-25 minutes per flight; I land my UAS prior to
              manufacturer recommended minimum level of battery power; I pilot my UAS
              through remote control only by line of sight;

         d. My UAS has GPS a flight safety feature whereby it hovers and then slowly lands if
              communication with the remote control pilot is lost;

         e. I actively analyze flight data and other sources of information to constantly update
              and enhance safety protocols;

         f. I only operate in reasonably safe environment that are strictly controlled, are away
              from power lines, elevated lights, airports and actively populated areas; I conduct
              extensive pre-flight inspections and protocol, during which safety carries primary
              importance;

         g. I always obtains all necessary permissions prior to operation; and, I have
              procedures in place to abort flights in the event of safety breaches or potential
              danger.

Kevin Wardwell, Home Inspector®, Boise ID - Section 333 Exemption Petition
         Kevin Wardwell, Home Inspector®, Boise ID - Section 333 Exemption Petition

My, Kevin Wardwell's, safety protocols provide a level of safety equal to or exceeding existing rules. It is
important to note that absent the integration of commercial UAS into our national airspace system,
helicopters are the primary means of aerial video and photography for community awareness and real
estate. While the safety record of such helicopters is remarkably astounding, there has been local
incident involving loss of life as well as extensive property damage; it is far safer to operate a battery
powered ultra light weight UAS.

          First, the potential loss of life is diminished because UAS's carry no people on board and I only
operates my UAS in specific areas away from mass populations.

          Second, there is no fuel on board a UAS and thus the potential for fire or explosions is greatly
diminished.

         Third, the small size and extreme maneuverability of my UAS allow me to remotely pilot away
from and avoid hazards quickly and safely.

         Lastly, given its small size and weight, even when close enough to capture amazing images, my
UAS need not be so close to the objects they are focused on through the technology and use of post
editing software allowing pan and zoom.

Accordingly, my UAS has been experimentally operated for familiarization/competency and will
continue to operate at and above current safety levels.

VI. A Summary The FAA May Publish in the Federal Register:

         A. 14 C.F.R. 21 and 14 C.F.R. 91: Airworthiness Certificates, Manuals and The Like.

              14 C.F.R. 21, Subpart H, entitled Airworthiness Certificates, sets forth requirements for
         procurement of necessary airworthiness certificates in relation to FAR § 91.203(a)(1). The size,
         weight and enclosed operational area of my, Kevin Wardwell's, UAS permits exemption from
         Part 21 because my UAS meets (and exceeds) an equivalent level of safety pursuant to Section
         333 of the Reform Act. The FAA is authorized to exempt aircraft from the airworthiness
         certificate requirement under both the Act (49 U.S.C. § 44701 (f)) and Section 333 of the Reform
         Act. Both pieces of legislation permit the FAA to exempt UAS's from the airworthiness certificate
         requirement in consideration of the weight, size, speed, maneuverability and proximity to areas
         such as airports and dense populations. My, Kevin Wardwell's, current and projected UAS's
         meet or exceed each of the elements.

              14 C.F.R. 91.7(a) prohibits the operation of an aircraft without an airworthiness certificate.
         As no such certificate will be applicable in the form contemplated by the FARs, this Regulation is
         inapplicable.

              14 C.F.R. § 91.9 (b) (2) requires an aircraft flight manual in the aircraft. As there are no on
         board pilots or passengers, and given the size of the UAS's, this Regulation is inapplicable. An
         equivalent level of safety will be achieved by maintaining a

Kevin Wardwell, Home Inspector®, Boise ID - Section 333 Exemption Petition
Kevin Wardwell, Home Inspector®, Boise ID - Section 333 Exemption Petition

         safety/flight manual delineating areas of where safety can be defined.10 The FAA has previously
         issued exemptions to this regulation in Exemption Nos. 8607, 8737, 8738, 9299, 9299A, 9565,
         9565B, 10167, 10167A, 10602, 10700 and 32827.

                   14 C.F.R. § 91.121 regarding altimeter settings is inapplicable insofar as my UAS utilizes
         electronic global positioning systems with a barometric sensor.

                   14 C.F.R. § 91.203 (a) and (b) provides for the carrying of civil aircraft certifications and
         registrations. They are inapplicable for the same reasons described above. The equivalent level
         of safety will be achieved by maintaining any such required certifications and registrations by
         me, Kevin Wardwell.

         B. 14 C.F.R. § 45.23: Marking of The Aircraft. Applicable Codes of Federal Regulation require
              aircraft to be marked according to certain specifications.

         My UAS are, by definition, unmanned. They therefore do not have a cabin, cockpit or pilot
         station on which to mark certain words or phrases. Further, two inch lettering is difficult to place
         on such small aircraft with dimensions smaller that minimal lettering requirement. Regardless, I
         will mark its UASs in the largest possible lettering by placing the word "EXPERIMENTAL" on its
         fuselage as required by 14 C.F.R. §45.29 (f) so that I the pilot, or anyone assisting me as a spotter
         with the UAV will see the markings. The FAA has previously issued exemptions to this regulation
         through Exemptions Nos. 8738, 10167, 10167A and 10700.

          C. 14 C.F.R. § 61.113: Private Pilot Privileges and Limitations: PIC.

                   Pursuant to 14 C.F.R. §§ 61.113 (a) & (b), private pilots are limited to non -commercial
         operations. I, Kevin Wardwell, can achieve an equivalent level of safety as achieved by current
         Regulations because my UAS does not carry any pilots or passengers. Further, while helpful, a
         pilot license will not ensure remote control piloting skills. The risks attended to the operation of
         my UAS is far less than the risk levels inherent in the commercial activities outlined in 14 C.F.R. §
         61, et seq. Thus, allowing me, Kevin Wardwell, to operate my UAS meet and exceed current
         safety levels in relation to 14 C.F.R. §61.113 (a) & (b).

         C. 14 C.F.R. 91.119: Minimum Safe Altitudes.

              14 C.F.R. § 91.119 prescribes safe altitudes for the operation of civil aircraft. It allows
              helicopters to be operated at lower altitudes in certain conditions. My UAS will never
              operate at an altitude greater than 200 AGL; safely below the standard of 400 AGL. I, Kevin
              Wardwell, will however operate my UAS in safe areas away from public and traffic,
              providing a level of safety at least equivalent to or below those in relation to minimum safe
              altitudes. Given the size, weight, maneuverability and speed of my UAS, an equivalent or
              higher level of safety will be achieved.
         D. 14 C.F.R. 91.405 (a); 407 (a) (1); 409 (a) (2); 417(a) & (b): Maintenance Inspections.
               10 Appendix E - Safety/Flight Manual
               Kevin Wardwell, Home Inspector®, Boise ID - Section 333 Exemption Petition
Kevin Wardwell, Home Inspector®, Boise ID - Section 333 Exemption Petition

The above- cited Regulations require, amongst other things, aircraft owners and operators
to "have [the] aircraft inspected as prescribed in subpart E of this part and shall between
required inspections, except as provided in paragraph (c) of this section, have discrepancies
repaired as prescribed in part 43 of this chapter. . . ."
These Regulations only apply to aircraft with an airworthiness certificate. They will not,
therefore, apply to my, Kevin Wardwell's, UAS. However, as a safety precaution I inspect my
UAS before and after each flight.
A Summary The FAA May Publish in the Federal Register: A. 14 C.F.R. 21 and 14 C.F.R. 91:
Airworthiness Certificates, Manuals and The Like. 14 C.F.R. 21, Subpart H, entitled
Airworthiness Certificates, sets forth requirements for procurement of necessary
airworthiness certificates in relation to FAR § 91.203(a)(1). The size, weight and enclosed
operational area of my UAS permits exemption from Part 21 because my Kevin Wardwell's,
UAS meets an equivalent level of safety pursuant to Section 333 of the Reform Act. The FAA
is authorized to exempt aircraft from the airworthiness certificate requirement under both
the Act (49 U.S.C. § 44701 (f)) and Section 333 of the Reform Act. Both pieces of legislation
permit the FAA to exempt UAS's from the airworthiness certificate requirement in
consideration of the weight, size, speed, maneuverability and proximity to areas such as
airports and dense populations. My UAS meets or exceeds each of the elements. 14 C.F.R.
91.7(a) prohibits the operation of an aircraft without an airworthiness certificate. As no such
certificate will be applicable in the form contemplated by the FARs, this Regulation is
inapplicable. 14 C.F.R. § 91.9 (b) (2) requires an aircraft flight manual in the aircraft. As there
are no pilots or passengers, and given the size of the UAS's, this Regulation is inapplicable.
An equivalent level of safety will be achieved by maintaining a manual. The FAA has
previously issued exemptions to this regulation in Exemption Nos. 8607, 8737, 8738, 9299,
9299A, 9565, 9565B, 10167, maintenance program that involves regular software updates
and curative measures for any damaged hardware. Therefore, an equivalent level of safety
will be achieved.
In summary, Kevin Wardwell seeks an exemption from the following Regulations:
14 C.F.R. 21, subpart H; 14 C.F.R. 45.23(b); 14 C.F.R. §§ 61.113 (a) & (b); 14 C.F.R. § 91.7 (a);
14 C.F.R. § 91.9 (b)(2); 14 C.F.R. § 91.103(b); 14 C.F.R. § 91.109; 14 C.F.R. § 91.119; 14 C.F.R.
§ 91.121; 14 C.F.R. § 91.151(a); 14 C.F.R. §§ 91.203(a) and (b); 14 C.F.R. § 91.405 (a); 14
C.F.R. § 91.407 (a)(1); 14 C.F.R. § 91.409 (a)(2); 14 C.F.R. § 91.409 (a ) (2); and, 14 C.F.R. §§
91.417 (a) & (b) to commercially operate my, Kevin Wardwell's, small unmanned
vehicle/lightweight unmanned aircraft vehicle in community awareness and real estate
operations, and to develop economic platforms for real estate inspections to enhance the
experience of those seeking to relocate to the Treasure Valley area. Currently, area
awareness and real estate aerial videography/photography relies primarily on the use of
larger aircraft running on combustible fuel. Posing potential risk to the public. Granting my,
Kevin Wardwell's, request for exemption will reduce current risk levels and thereby enhance
safety. My UAS craft do not contain potentially
Kevin Wardwell, Home Inspector®, Boise ID - Section 333 Exemption Petition
Kevin Wardwell, Home Inspector®, Boise ID - Section 333 Exemption Petition

explosive fuel, is smaller, lighter and more maneuverable than conventional real estate
video and photographic aircraft with much less flight time. Further, I operate at lower
altitudes and in controlled airspace eliminating potential public risk flying to and from
established air fields. I, Kevin Wardwell, have been informally analyzing flight information
and will compile safety protocols and the implementation of a flight operations manual for
real estate usage that exceeds currently accepted means and methods for safe flight. Formal
collection of information shared with the FAA will enhance the FAA's internal efforts to
establish protocols for complying with the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012.
There are no personnel on board my, Kevin Wardwell's, UAS and therefore the likelihood of
death or serious bodily injury is significantly diminished. My, Kevin Wardwell's, operation of
my UAS, weighing less than 5 pounds and travelling at lower speeds within limited areas will
provide an equivalent level of safety as that achieved under current FARs. Accordingly I,
Kevin Wardwell, respectfully request that the FAA grant my exemption request and am
willing to cooperate in sharing information to benefit the FAA, safety of manned aircraft,
and the general public at large.

Respectfully submitted,

Kevin Wardwell, Home Inspector®
14260 W. Talon Creek Dr.
Boise, ID 83713
