September 3, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12740
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA-2015-1792

Mr. Kirk Vriesman
Beargrass Imaging
747 Hi Francis Road
Arlee, MT 59821

Dear Mr. Vriesman:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated May 5, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) for an
exemption. You requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct aerial
photography, videography, inspections, surveys, and mapping.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a DJI Phantom 3 Professional.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
                                                                                                                 2

meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

· They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

· The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

· A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Mr. Kirk Vriesman dba Beargrass Imaging is granted
an exemption from 14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a),
91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and
91.417(a) and (b), to the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform
aerial data collection. This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed
below.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                              3

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Mr. Kirk Vriesman dba Beargrass Imagery is hereafter referred to
as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom 3
    Professional when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed
    operations of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this
    exemption.

2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
    not permitted.

3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
    exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
    compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
    airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
    aircraft manufacturer.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
    electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
    must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
    required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
                                                                                                            4

    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.
                                                                                                            5

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.
                                                                                                            6

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

    The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
    nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
    reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
    contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.
                                                                                                                 7

 If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
 television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                                                 8

This exemption terminates on September 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
May 5, 2015

Kirk Vriesman
Beargrass Imaging
747 Hi Francis Road
Arlee, MT 59821

U.S. Department of Transportation, Docket Operations
West Building Ground Floor, Room W12-140
1200 New Jersey Avenue, SE
Washington, DC 20590

Dear Sir or Madam:

The purpose of this letter is to petition the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) for an
exemption from certain Federal Aviation Regulations (FARs) in order that I, Kirk
Vriesman doing business as (DBA) Beargrass Imaging, am permitted operate an
Unmanned Aerial System (UAS) for the purpose of aerial photography and videography,
inspections, surveys, and mapping.

Beargrass Images will acquire a DJI Phantom 3 Professional quadcopter for the intent of
operating it commercially upon receiving permission from the FAA. The exemption
request would permit the operation for business purposes of the ultra-light weight,
unmanned (piloted by remote control) UAS in tightly controlled and limited airspace.

I, Kirk Vriesman, owner of Beargrass Imaging, will detail in this petition the specific
regulations for which I seek relief, offering alternative and equivalent ways of producing
a level of safety at least equal to the existing rules. This petition focuses on public
benefit and public safety.

Accordingly, and pursuant to 14 CFR §§ 11.61-.103 and Section 333 of the FAA
Modernization and Reform Act of2012, PL 112-95 (Feb. 14, 2012), the petitioner is
submitting the following information with this request:

Identity of the petitioner:

Kirk Vriesman
747 Hi Francis Road
Arlee, MT 59821

Kirk Vriesman seeks an exemption form the following FARs:

14 CFR Part 21, Subpart H
Certification procedures for products and parts, Airworthiness Certificates
14 CFR Part 36
Noise standards: Type and airworthiness
14 CFR § 45.23
Display of marks; general
14 CFR Part 61
Certification: Pilots, flight instructors, and ground instructors
14 CFR § 91.7
Civil aircraft airworthiness
14 CFR § 91.9
Civil aircraft flight manual, marking, and placard requirements
14 CFR § 91.103
Preflight action
14 CFR § 91.105
Flight crewmembers at stations
14 CFR § 91.109
Flight instruction
14 CFR § 91.119
Minimum safe altitudes
14 CFR § 91.121
Altimeter settings
14 CFR § 91.151
Fuel requirements for flights in VFR conditions
14 CFR §91.173
ATC clearance and flight plan in IFR
14 CFR § 91.203
Civil aircraft: Certifications required
14 CFR § 91.207
Emergency locator transmitters
14 CFR Part 91, Subpart E
Maintenance

Extent of Relief Sought, and Reasons for Seeking the Exemption:

14 CFR Part 21, Subpart H. Part 21 establishes the procedures for issuance of certificates
of airworthiness, as mandated by 49 U.S.C. § 44704. Under Section 333 and 49 U.S.C. §
44701(b), the FAA may exempt aircraft from airworthiness certification. The petitioner
requests an exemption from the requirements of this Part because the size, weight, speed,
operational capability and proximity to airports in which the Subject UAS will operate
poses significantly less of a risk that the risks posed by conventional aircraft. Manned
aircraft pose risks  to  the  life  and  safety  of  the  crew;  that  is  not  a  consideration  with  
the  Subject  UAS.  Risks  to  third  parties  are  also  minimized  given  the  lightweight  and  
slow  speed  at  which  the  Subject  UAS  would  operate.  Nor  are  there  risks  of  fuel  
spillage  or  fire  in  the  event  of  an  accident.  Thus,  the  petitioner  requests  that  the  FAA  
waive  the  requirement  that  the  Subject  UAS,  particularly  the  aircraft  portion,  
requiring  an  airworthiness  certificate.    
  
14  CFR  Part  36.  FAR  Part  36,  Subparts  A,  F  and  0,  establish  certain  noise  standards  
for  certification  of  various  aircraft  types.  Because  the  Subject  UAS  would  not  have  an  
airworthiness  certificate,  and  given  its  small  size  and  negligible  noise  impact,  the  
petitioner  requests  an  exemption  from  FAR  Part  36.    
  
14  CFR  §  45.23.  FAR  Part  45.23  establishes  marking  requirements  for  aircraft;  
paragraph  (b)  mandates  that  the  registration  number  be  displayed  in  letters  not  less  
than  two  inches  in  height.  The  Subject  UAS  is  small  enough  that  it  cannot  
accommodate  the  type-size  requirement.  Accordingly,  the  petitioner  requests  an  
exemption  from  this  part.  
  
14  CFR  Part  61.  FAR  Part  61  sets  forth  the  certification  requirements  for  pilots.  The  
petitioner  requests  an  exemption  that  would  allow  him,  or  his  employee  or  
associate,  in  possession  of  the  proper  FAA  credentials,  to  operate  the  Subject  UAS  
for  compensation  or  hire  as  part  of  an  aerial  imaging  business  for  the  reasons  
articulated  in  In  re  Trudeau,  FAA  Exemption  No.  11138,  and  In  re  Astraeus,  FAA  
Exemption  No.  11062.  The  petitioner,  or  his  employee  or  associate,  will  operate  the  
Subject  UAS  over  property  where  the  owner  or  owner's  representative  has  
requested  that  the  operation  occur.  
  
14  CFR  §  91.7.  Under  FAR  91.7,  no  person  may  operate  an  aircraft  unless  it  is  in  an  
airworthy  condition.  To  the  extent  that  "airworthy"  is  defined  as  requiring  an  
airworthiness  certificate,  the  petitioner  requests  an  exemption  from  this  FAR  for  the  
same  reasons  identified  in  his  request  for  an  exemption  of  14  CFR  Part  21,  Subpart  
H.    Petitioner  will  not,  however,  operate  the  Subject  UAS  if  it  is  not  in  a  condition  for  
safe  flight,  as  required  under  FAR  91.7(b).    
  
14  CFR  §  91.9.  Petitioner  requests  exemption  from  the  requirement  of  FAR  91.9,  
which  requires  that  all  aircraft  have  certain  markings,  placards  and  on-board  flight  
manuals  for  the  same  reasons  as  stated  in  his  request  for  exemption  under  14  CFR  
Part  21,  Subpart  H,  and  for  a  deviation  from  the  marking  requirements  of  14  CFR  
Part  36,  Subparts  A,  F,  and  0.    
    
14  CFR  §  91.103.  FAR  91.103  mandates  certain  pre-flight  action.  The  petitioner  will  
take  all  necessary  pre-flight  action,  but  requests  an  exemption  from  this  
requirement  insofar  as  it  is  interpreted  as  requiring  pre-flight  actions  appropriate  to  
manned  aircraft  only  (e.g.,  that  flights  originate  from  an  airport,  etc.).    
  
14  CFR  §  91.105.  FAR  91.105  mandates  that  crewmembers  be  at  designated  
stations,  have  safety  belts  fastened,  etc.  The  petitioner  would  be  at  a  designated  
ground  station  for  each  mission,  but  requests  an  exemption  to  accommodate  the  fact  
that  the  Subject  UAS  is  unmanned.    
  
CFR  §  91.109.  This  FAR  requires  that  all  flight  instruction  be  conducted  in  aircraft  
that  have  dual  controls,  or  throw-over  controls,  with  an  instructor.  From  time  to  
time  the  petitioner  will  conduct  his  own  refresher  training,  but  requests  an  
exemption  insofar  as  this  FAR  would  be  interpreted  to  require  that  the  ground  
control  station  have  a  second  controller  or  dual-  control  capability.    
  
14  CFR  §  91.119.  FAR  91.119  sets  forth  the  minimum  safe  altitudes  over  various  
areas.    The  petitioner  requests  an  exemption  from  this  this  FAR  in  order  to  
accomplish  the  intended  function  of  the  mission  for  which  he  seeks  an  exemption.    
  
14  CFR  §  91.121.  FAR  91.121  mandates  various  altimeter  settings  in  order  to  
maintain  level  flight.  The  petitioner  requests  and  exemption  from  this  FAR  as  the  
Subject  UAV  will  not  have  an  altimeter  that  matches  the  requirements  of  this  FAR.  
Operations  with  the  Subject  UAV  will,  however,  maintain  altitude  below  the  300'  
AGL  ceiling  by  the  petitioner  monitoring  the  altitude  of  the  UAS  and  through  the  
Subject  UAS's  technological  ability  to  establish  a  flight  zone  that  cannot  exceed  the  
ceiling.    
  
14  CFR  §  91.151.  The  petitioner  requests  an  exemption  from  the  VFR-flight  fuel  
carrying  requirements  because  the  Subject  UAS  will  operate  on  battery  power.  
Operations  with  the  Subject  UAS  will,  however,  maintain  a  five-minute  reserve  
battery  time.    
  
19  CFR  §  91.173.  The  petitioner  requests  an  exemption  from  the  IFR-clearance  
requirement  for  flights  into  controlled  airspace.  It  is  possible  the  petitioner  may  
operate  the  Subject  UAS  in  conditions  that  are  IFR  within  controlled  airspace  (e.g.,  a  
flight  on  a  day  with  less  than  three  miles  visibility  in  a  neighborhood  that  falls  
within  the  Class  D  airspace).  The  petitioner  would  request  that,  after  contacting  ATC  
for  the  controlled  airspace,  he  would  be  allowed  to  operate  in  what  might  be  IFR  
conditions,  but  where  he  still  has  complete  and  unfettered  line  of  sight  visibility  
with  the  Subject  UAS.    
  
14  CFR  §  91.203.  FAR  91.203  requires  that  a  civil  aircraft  have  an  airworthiness  
certificate  and  a  registration  certificate.    The  petitioner  requests  that  he  be  exempt  
from  complying  with  this  FAR  insofar  as  it  mandates  issuance  of  an  airworthiness  
certificate,  for  the  reasons  stated  in  his  request  for  an  exemption  under  14  CFR  Part  
21,  Subpart  H.    
  
14  CFR  §  91.207.  FAR  91.207  prohibits  operation  of  a  US-registered  aircraft  unless  it  
is  equipped  with  an  emergency  locator  transmitter.  Given  the  limited  distance  of  
flights  of  the  Subject  UAS,  the  petitioner  requests  and  exemption  from  this  FAR.    
  
14  CFR  Part  91,  Subpart  E.  FAR  91,  Subpart  E  requires  that  owners  or  operators  of  
aircraft  have  the  aircraft  inspected  at  certain  intervals,  and  by  certain  mechanics.  
The  petitioner  requests  an  exemption  from  this  Subpart  because  the  Subject  UAS  
has  a  trouble-shooting  and  maintenance  program  that  is  best  executed  by  the  
owner/operator,  and  is  simply  different  from  the  maintenance  of  manned  aircraft.  
Petitioner  will,  however,  maintain  a  maintenance  log  and  any  maintenance  records  
of  repair  of  the  Subject  UAS,  and  follow  any  and  all  manufacturer  safety  bulletins.  
  

Description of Operations:

A. The UAS that is the Subject of this Petition.

The petitioner will operate a DJI Phantom 3 Professional unmanned aircraft and its
associated portable ground station controller (together the "Subject UAS"). The Subject
UAS is a quad-copter with a camera mounted beneath it, piloted via a portable ground
station. It has a weight of approximately 1,280 grams. The DJI Phantom 3 Professional
is a widely known unmanned aircraft manufactured by a well-respected company.

The portable ground station used by the petitioner to pilot the unmanned aircraft is a
wireless communication device using an FCC-compliant 2.4 GHz transmitter. The
Subject UAS is equipped with lost-link capability, which enables the Phantom 3 to enter
a fail-safe Return-to-Home Mode in the event that the link between the aircraft and the
ground station is lost. The Subject UAS can operate for a total of approximately 23
minutes on one battery charge. It has a maximum range from the ground station of 2,000
meters. However, it also has programmable height and radius limits to establish an
operations area.

B. The UAS Petitioner

Mr. Vriesman is a photographer that received a Master of Fine Arts degree from Syracuse
University. He has been associated with several entrepreneurial businesses, and currently
works as an information professional in a public library system. He has also received a
Master of Library and Information Science degree from San Jose State University.

With regard to the operation UAS systems, Mr. Vriesman has made numerous flights as a
hobbyist, and has accumulated more than 20 hours of flight time with UAS aircraft.

C. UAS Operating Parameters

The vast majority of the petitioner's operations will be conducted in the Western Montana
region. However, his business may take him to adjacent areas. Because the operations
may be conducted at various locations in the area during the period that the exemption
would be in effect, there are not specific locations at which the petitioner intends to
operate.

The petitioner would adopt the following UAS Operating Parameters:

     1. All missions will be conducted below 300' AGL, and within a radius distance of
          800' from the portable ground station.

     2. Each mission will consist of one flight.
     3. The pilot in command (PIC) will establish a fixed location where he will be
          positioned with the portable ground station, and utilize a visual observer (VO)
          during all flights.

     4. The PIC and VO will have direct visual observation of the aircraft at all times,
          and operate only within a visual line of sight (VLOS).

     5. Prior to the start of a flight, the PIC will activate and use the UAS's global
          positioning system flight safety procedure and lost-link procedure to ensure
          return of the aircraft in the event of a lost link or compromised communication.

     6. On each mission, the aircraft will return to the control pad with no less than five
          minutes of battery power remaining.

     7. Each mission will last for no more than eighteen minutes of flight time.
     8. In the event that any mission would ever occur within the airspace of a specific

          airport or controlled airspace, the petitioner shall obtain the permission of that
          control tower to operate in that airspace or from the appropriate control
          authority.
     9. In the event that any mission will occur within five miles of an airport, the
          petitioner shall ensure the airport is notified of the estimated flight time, flight
          duration, elevation of flight, and pertinent information.
     10. The petitioner will conduct all flights in permissible weather, and during daylight
          hours.

Public Interest and Benefit Considerations:

Aerial imaging services generally require use of a manned aircraft. Existing close-
proximity aerial photography is extremely difficult to do, and requires the use of a
helicopter or slow-moving aircraft at an appropriate distance over a populated area. The
operation must be conducted in VFR conditions, and adds aircraft to already congested
airspace.

By using the Subject UAS, the petitioner aims to provide the public with quality aerial
imaging services at a lesser cost than would be associated with manned flight. The risks
associated with manned flight would be significantly reduced considering the Subject
UAS conducting the operation weighs less than three pounds, would remain below 300'
AGL, does not operate with combustible fuel, and can operate within a very confined
space directly over the location being imaged. In addition, because the Subject UAS has
no emissions, ecological impact is minimized. Thus the public will be better served by
having more affordable aerial imaging options available thereby driving economic
growth, having a low-impact ecological option available for aerial imaging, and by
having safe UAS operation from a licensed pilot closely following established operating
procedures.
Why the Exemptions Would Not Adversely Affect Safety:

The proposed operations will not adversely affect safety for three primary reasons.

First, the operations will be conducted in airspace where there is typically no activity
among other users of the NAS. Flights are limited to property over which the owner has
requested that the Subject UAS operate, so the owners will be fully aware of the flight
operation. The petitioner fully recognizes the dangers that a small UAV could pose to all
types of manned aircraft. The operations the petitioner is proposing to undertake pending
approval are operations taking place where manned aircraft will not fly. There would be a
rigid separation between where a manned aircraft can fly (particularly due to FAR 91.119
which establishes minimum safe altitudes, to include an absolute prohibition of operating
an aircraft within 500' of any structure) and where the petitioner would operate the UAV.

Second, the Subject UAS is not a large aircraft. Weighing less than 3 pounds, the
likelihood that it would damage property or injure a person is low, even in the event of a
mishap. In addition, aerial imaging is typically done via manned aircraft, and the risk
there is at least equal to the risk posed by the proposed operation.

Third, the Subject UAS has inherent lost-link capabilities to bring it back to its operating
base during a mission. It is a redundant system that addresses a failed communications
problem in the event that it does arise.

Language for Inclusion in the Federal Register:

Mr. Vriesman proposes that the following language be included in the Federal Register:

Petition for Exemption.

Federal Aviation Regulations from which Petitioner seeks exemption: 14 CFR 14 CFR
Part 21, Subpart H; Part 36; § 45.23; Part 61; §§ 91. 7; 91.9; 91.103; 91.105; 91.109;
91.119; 91.121; 91.151; 91.173; 91.203; 91.207; and 14 CFR Part 91, Subpart E.

Description of Relief Sought: The petitioner is seeking an exemption from the above-
referenced Federal Aviation Regulations to conduct aerial imaging using a light,
unmanned aerial vehicle for the purpose of aerial photography and videography,
inspections, surveys, and mapping.
Conclusion:
I would like to thank the FAA for considering this request. Please do not hesitate to
contact me should there be a need for additional information. I look forward to working
with the FAA and taking part in the discussion of how the FAA will ultimately regulate
commercial UAV use in the United States.
Sincerely,
Kirk Vriesman

Enclosures / Attachments (2)
DJI Phantom 3 Users Manual v1.0 part 1.pdf
DJI Phantom 3 Users Manual v1.0 part 2.pdf

  
