June 25, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 11905
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­1331

Mr. Jeffrey J. Antonelli
Counsel for Kovar & Associates LLC
Antonelli Law
35 East Wacker Drive, Suite 1875
Chicago, IL 60601

Dear Mr. Antonelli:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated April 24, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of Kovar & Associates LLC (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption. The
petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct remote sensing
to support precision farming and other agriculture applications; asset management for utilities,
government agencies, and private firms; construction and land management; disaster response
and search and rescue; and conducting research flights to collect data and establish and refine
forensic processes, procedures, and tools for investigation of accidents and crimes.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner. However, the FAA
received one comment in support of the petition made to the docket.
                                                                                               2

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner are theDJI Phantom 2 Vision+, Event38 E384, and
PrecisionHawk Landcaster.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

· They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

· The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

· A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                              3

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Kovar & Associates LLC is granted an exemption from
14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c),
91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to
the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Kovar & Associates LLC is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom 2
    Vision+, Event38 E384, and PrecisionHawk Landcaster when weighing less than
    55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any other aircraft will require a
    new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
    not permitted.

3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
    exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
    compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
    airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
    aircraft manufacturer.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
    electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
                                                                                                            4

    must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
    required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.
                                                                                              5

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.
                                                                                                            6

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

    The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
    nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
                                                                                               7

Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
    reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
    contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
    as documented in this grant of exemption.

30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
    exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
    District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
    notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
    must include at least the following:
      a. Dates and times for all flights;
      b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
          under this grant of exemption;
      c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
          the UAS;
      d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
      e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
      f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
          and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
          who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
      g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
      h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
          town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
          essential to accomplish the operation.

31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
    consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
    exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                    8

This exemption terminates on July 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.
Sincerely,
/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
Drone/UAS Practice Group                      35 E Wacker Drive
                                                        Suite 1875
U.S. Department of Transportation
Docket Management System                       Chicago, IL 60601
1200 New Jersey Ave S.E.                       Tel. 312.201.8310
Washington, D.C. 20590             Jeffrey@Antonelli-Law.com

                                                   April 24, 2015

Re: Request for Exemption under Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of
2012 and Part 11 of the Federal Aviation Regulations from Certain Provisions of 14 C.F.R.

Dear Sir or Madam:

         Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (the Reform
Act) and 14 C.F.R. Part 11, Antonelli Law files this petition for exemption on behalf of Kovar &
Associates, LLC ("K&ALLC"), an operator of Small Unmanned Aircraft Systems ("UAs") used
for remote sensing to support (i) precision farming and other agriculture applications; (ii) asset
management for utilities, government agencies, and private firms; (iii) construction and land
management; (iv) disaster response and search and rescue; and (v) conducting research flights to
collect data and establish and refine forensic processes, procedures, and tools for investigation of
accidents and crimes involving UAs. Specifically, petitioner seeks an exemption from the
Federal Aviation Regulations ("FARs") listed in Appendix A to allow commercial operation of
its UAs, so long as such operations are conducted within and under the conditions outlined
herein or as may be established by the FAA in a grant of this petition. This request is
substantially similar to other data collection petitions previously approved, and should be
considered under the expedited summary grant procedure.

         Approval of the exemption for petitioner will allow commercial operation of: (1) the DJI
Phantom 2 Vision+, approved for commercial operations in Exemption Nos. 11138, 11189, and
11191; (2) the Event38 E384, approved for commercial operations in Exemption No. 11166; and
(3) the PrecisionHawk Landcaster system, approved for commercial operations in Exemption
No. 11345 in Class G airspace or as otherwise prescribed in an ATO issued COA nationwide.
The UA operations contemplated by this petition are in the public interest because they clearly
satisfy the "Four D's" of exemplary uses of UAs: to replace work that is Dangerous, Difficult,
Dull, or Dirty, and at the same time provide an equivalent or greater level of safety than
alternative manned aircraft operations. The UAs covered by this petition are small battery-
powered craft, weighing no more than 6 lbs. (2.7 kg.), inclusive of battery and payload.
Operation of the UAs under the strict conditions proposed below will provide an equivalent level
of safety, as Congress intended, while still allowing commercial operations. Operations using
these UAs are far safer than conventional operations conducted with helicopters and fixed-wing
aircraft that weigh thousands of pounds, carry highly flammable fuel, and operate in close
proximity to the ground, trees, infrastructure, and people.

                                                          1
                                               Table of Contents
I. Publishable Summary.............................................................................................................. 5
II. Petitioner's Contact Information ............................................................................................. 5
III. Proposed Operations................................................................................................................ 6

     A. The UAs ......................................................................................................................... 6
     B. The Crew ........................................................................................................................ 7
     C. Flight Conditions............................................................................................................ 8
     D. Flight Operations ............................................................................................................ 8
IV. Aircraft and Equivalent Level of Safety.................................................................................. 9
V. Proposed Conditions of the Exemption ................................................................................... 9
VI. Privacy................................................................................................................................... 12
VII. Public Interest and Safety ...................................................................................................... 13
VIII. Regulations from Which Exemption is Requested ...................................................... 19
     A. Appendix A: FARs as to which K&ALLC wishes the same determination to be made as

            has been made previously............................................................................................. 19

                                                          3
                                                   Exhibit List
Exhibit 1: Kovar & Associates LLC Operations Manual .......Submitted confidentially to the FAA
Exhibit 2: Kovar & Associates LLC Logbooks......................Submitted confidentially to the FAA
Exhibit 3: Kovar & Associates LLC Visual Observer In-House Training Syllabus
.................................................................................................Submitted confidentially to the FAA
Exhibit 4: Emergency Response Letters of Recommendation
.................................................................................................Submitted confidentially to the FAA

                                    DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ Documents
Exhibit 5: DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ User Manual ... Submitted separately due to upload restrictions
Exhibit 6: DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ Quick Start Guide......................................................................
................................................................................ Submitted separately due to upload restrictions
Exhibit 7: DJI Phantom 2 Vision+................................................................................................ 22
Exhibit 8: DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ Features ................................................................................. 25
Exhibit 9: DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ Specifications ........................................................................ 34
Exhibit 10: DJI Naza M V2 Flight Controller User Manual ............................................................
................................................................................ Submitted separately due to upload restrictions
Exhibit 11: DJI Smart Flight Battery ............................................................................................ 37
Exhibit 12: DJI Phantom Pilot Training Guide...... Submitted separately due to upload restrictions

                                          Event38 E384 Documents
Exhibit 13: Event38 E384 Operations Manual .......................Submitted confidentially to the FAA
Exhibit 14: Event38 E384 Training Syllabus .........................Submitted confidentially to the FAA
Exhibit 15: APM 2.6 ..................................................................................................................... 43
Exhibit 16: APM 2.6 Overview .................................................................................................... 44
Exhibit 17: Spektrum DX5E User Manual ............ Submitted separately due to upload restrictions

                                  PrecisionHawk Lancaster Documents
Exhibit 18: PrecisionHawk Lancaster UA Specifications ......Submitted confidentially to the FAA
Exhibit 19: PrecisionHawk sUAS Aircraft Flight Manual .....Submitted confidentially to the FAA
Exhibit 20: PrecisionHawk sUAS Flight Operations Manual ..........................................................
.................................................................................................Submitted confidentially to the FAA

                     Exhibits 1-4 and 13-14 have been submitted confidentially
                                    and are not available to the public.

                                                          4
I. Publishable Summary

         Pursuant to 14 C.F.R. § 11, the following summary is provided for publication in the
Federal Register, should it be determined that publication is needed:

    Petitioner seeks an exemption from the following rules:

    14 C.F.R 21(h); 14 C.F.R. 43.7; 14 C.F.R. 43.11; 14 C.F.R. 45.11; 14 C.F.R. 45.27;
    14 C.F.R. 45.29; 14 C.F.R. 91.7(a); 14 C.F.R. 91.9(b)(2); 14 C.F.R. 91.9(c); 14
    C.F.R. 91.103(b)(2); 14 C.F.R. 91.105; 14 C.F.R. 91.109; 14 C.F.R. 91.113(b); 14
    C.F.R. 91.119 (c); 14 C.F.R. 91.121; 14 C.F.R. 91.151(a); 14 C.F.R. 91.203(a) and
    (b); 14 C.F.R. 215; 14 C.F.R. 91.403; 14 C.F.R. 91.405(a); 14 C.F.R. 91.407(a)(1);
    14 C.F.R. 409(a)(1) and (2); and 14 C.F.R. 91.417(a) and (b) to operate
    commercially a small unmanned aircraft system (UA) (6 lbs. or less).

    Approval of the exemption requested by petitioner will allow commercial operation
    of (1) the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+; (2) the Event 38 E384; and (3) the PrecisionHawk
    Lancaster system for remote sensing to support (i) precision farming and other
    agriculture applications; (ii) asset management for utilities, government agencies, and
    private firms; (iii) construction and land management; (iv) disaster response and
    search and rescue; as well as (v) conducting research flights to collect data and
    establish and refine forensic processes, procedures, and tools for investigation of
    accidents and crimes involving UAs in Class G airspace or as otherwise prescribed in
    an ATO issued COA nationwide. The requested exemption should be granted because
    operation of small UAs, weighing no more than 6 lbs. (2.7 kg.), inclusive of battery
    and payload, conducted in the strict conditions outlined below, will provide an
    equivalent level of safety, while still allowing commercial operations. The
    lightweight aircraft covered by the exemption are far safer than conventional
    operations conducted with helicopters and fixed-wing aircraft weighing thousands of
    pounds and carrying highly flammable fuel, and operating in close proximity to the
    ground and people. The seven factors Congress directed the FAA to consider when
    approving Section 333 exemption petitions - size, weight, speed, operational
    capability, proximity to airports, proximity to populated areas, and operation within
    visual line of sight ­ each support the request. In particular, the aircraft are small, and
    will operate at slow speeds, and close to the ground in order to more safely and
    efficiently conduct inspections that would otherwise involve a risk of death to the
    inspectors. The substantial increase of safety and decrease of risk to human life,
    coupled with the low risk use of UAs to conduct these operations, weigh heavily in
    favor of granting the exemption.

II. Petitioner's Contact Information

David Kovar
President
Kovar & Associates, LLC
3420 Veteran Rd.
Suite 373
Pekin, IL 61554

                                                          5
Counsel for Petitioner:
Antonelli Law
35 E Wacker Drive
Suite 1875
Chicago, IL 60601
Tel: 312-201-8310
Fax: 888-211-8624
Email: jeffrey@antonelli-law.com

III. Proposed Operations

A. The UAs

         The requested exemption will permit petitioner to operate (1) the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+;
(2) the Event38 E384; and (3) the PrecisionHawk Lancaster System. This petition and Exhibits
1-3, 5-6, and 10-17, are hereinafter referred to as the "operating documents." The specific
conditions of the proposed exemption that relate to the characteristics of the UAs are numbers 1,
5, and 16-20 in Section V below. Each has been adopted or imposed by the FAA in numerous
previous grants of Section 333 exemption petitions.

    1. DJI Phantom 2 Vision+

         The requested exemption will permit petitioner to operate the Phantom 2 Vision+, with a
maximum weight of approximately 2.7 lbs. (1.2 kg), inclusive of batteries and technical payload.
This rotorcraft operates at a speed of no more than 43 knots and has the capability to hover and
move in the vertical and horizontal planes simultaneously.

         Please refer to Exhibits 5-11 for further information about the airframe, control system
and transmitter. The FAA has previously reviewed these documents and approved exemptions
for commercial use of the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ in Exemption Nos. 11138, 11189, and 11191.

         The UA will have the following specifications or equivalent:

Airframe: DJI Phantom 2 Vision+
Dimensions: diagonal motor-motor distance 350 mm (approximately 13.78 in.)
Flight Control System: DJI Naza-M V2, which includes the GPS and Compass and the internal
measurement unit (IMU), containing a built-in internal sensor and a barometric altimeter that
measures both altitude and attitude.
Transmitter (Tx): 5.728GHz-5.85 GHz DJI Remote Control
Receiver (Rx): 5.8G receiver built in to the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+
Motor: electric DJI 2312 CCW
Data Link: 2.4 GHz USB ground modem
Video Link: 5.8 GHz
OSD: DJI Vision app, open on a dedicated mobile device, which allows live telemetry to be
displayed to the visual observer, including the battery level and altitude
Batteries: Lithium Polymer batteries with capacity of 5200mAh

                                                          6
    2. Event38 E384

         The requested exemption will permit petitioner to operate the Event 38 E384, with a
maximum weight of 5.9 lbs. (2.7 kg.), inclusive of batteries and technical payload. This fixed-
wing aircraft operates at a speed of no more than 26 knots.

         Please refer to 13-16 for further information about the airframe, control system and
transmitter. The FAA has previously approved the E384 for commercial flight in Exemption No.
11166.

         The UA will have the following specifications or equivalent:

Airframe: E384
Control System: ArduPilot Mega 2.6 autopilot, which includes the Main Controller (MC),
Internal Measurement Unit (IMU) with a built-in internal sensor, barometric altimeter (which
measures attitude and altitude), compass, GPS, and radio receiver (Rx).
Tx: Spektrum DX5E
Rx: AR 610 Receiver
Motors: Tiger T-Motor 3515-9
Data Link: 3DR 433mhz radio
OSD: Mission Planner software, visible on a dedicated ground station laptop, which allows live
telemetry to be displayed to the visual observer, including the battery level and altitude.
Batteries: Lithium Polymer batteries with capacity of 5000 mAh

    3. PrecisionHawk Lancaster System

         The requested exemption will permit petitioner to operate the PrecisionHawk Lancaster
System. Please refer to Exhibits 15-16 and 18-20 for information about the airframe and control
system, including the UA specifications, which are proprietary business information. The FAA
has previously approved the PrecisionHawk for commercial flights in Exemption No. 11345.

B. The Crew

         The crew will consist of a pilot in command (PIC) and a visual observer (VO). The PIC
will have, at minimum, a sport pilot's license and a third class medical certificate or a U.S.
driver's license.

         The PIC and VO will have been trained in operation of UAs generally and received up-
to-date information on the UAs to be operated pursuant to this grant.

         The PIC will have completed, at a minimum, 25 hours of UA flight training with the
specific UAs prior to operations, and will be required to participate in annual training thereafter.
The PIC will have completed the training programs provided by DJI, Event 38, and
PrecisionHawk. The training syllabuses for DJI and Event 38 have been submitted as Exhibits 7
and 9.

         The VO will have completed the training set forth in Exhibit 1: V.G.2: Operational
Control: Training: VOs and Exhibit 3 prior to operations.

         The specific conditions of the proposed exemption that relate to the training and
                                                          7
characteristics of the crew are numbers 3 and 6-9 in Section V below. Each has been adopted or
imposed by the FAA in numerous previous grants of Section 333 exemption petitions.

C. Flight Conditions

         The UAs will be used for remote sensing to support (i) precision farming and other
agriculture applications; (ii) asset management for utilities, government agencies, and private
firms; (iii) construction and land management; (iv) disaster response and search and rescue; and
(v) conducting research flights to collect data and establish and refine forensic processes,
procedures, and tools for investigation of accidents and crimes involving UAs. All flights will be
in Class G airspace or as otherwise prescribed in an ATO issued COA under 400 feet above
ground level ("AGL") and under controlled conditions. Petitioner will work with the local FSDO
when planning operations. Petitioner will only operate its UAs in visual meteorological
conditions (VMC). The UA will at all times be no less than 500 feet below and no less than
2,000 feet horizontally from a cloud, and petitioner will not conduct operations unless visibility
is at least 3 statute miles from the PIC. The flight crew will always make a safety assessment of
the risk of every operation, and will only operate when it is determined that no hazards are
present. Flights will only be conducted away from any major population and never at public
events or other areas where petitioner cannot control the area and observe the operational area.

         Please refer to the following sections of Exhibit 1 for more information about the flight
conditions:

     Section IV, Organization, Part G, Operating Limitations and Conditions
     Section VI, Operating Procedures, Part A, Flight Planning/Preparation, Number 2, Risk

         Assessment
     Section VI, Operating Procedures, Part A, Flight Planning/Preparation, Number 8,

         Weather Checks
     Appendix A: Risk Management

         The specific conditions of the proposed exemption that relate to the flight conditions in
which the UA will be operated are numbers 2, 4, 16, and 28-29 in Section V below. Each has
been adopted or imposed by the FAA in numerous previous grants of Section 333 exemption
petitions.

D. Flight Operations

         The purpose of every UA flight will be to safely, accurately, and efficiently support: (i)
precision farming and other agriculture applications; (ii) asset management for utilities,
government agencies, and private firms; (iii) construction and land management; (iv) disaster
response and search and rescue; as well as (v) research flights to develop processes, procedures,
and tools for accident and crime investigations of UAs. Every UA flight will use at minimum a
two person flight crew: a PIC and a VO. The standard operational procedures that they will
follow are set out in the operating documents, specifically Exhibit 1. Please refer to the following
sections of Exhibit 1 for information pertaining to operations:

      V: Operational Control
      VI: Operating Procedures
      Appendix A: Risk Management

                                                          8
      Petitioner will keep records of operations as indicated in Exhibit 2.

      The specific conditions of the proposed exemption that relate to flight operations are
numbers 11-12, 17-25, and 32-35 in Section V below. Each has been accepted or imposed by the
FAA in numerous previous grants of Section 333 exemption petitions.

IV. Aircraft and Equivalent Level of Safety

         Petitioner proposes that the exemption apply to UAs that have the characteristics and that
operate with the limitations proposed herein. These limitations provide for a level of safety at
least an equivalent to or higher than manned aircraft operations under the current regulatory
structure. Section V below identifies the limitations and conditions to which petitioner agrees to
be bound when conducting commercial operations under a grant of this petition. Appendix A
contains matrix connecting (i) the specific proposed condition with (ii) the FAR provision for
which it provides equivalent level of safety and (iii) one or more recent Section 333 exemption
grants in which the FAA recognized this equivalent level of safety.

      Approval of the commercial operations outlined in this petition presents no national
security issue. The PIC will possess, at minimum, a sport pilot's certificate, so he or she will
have been subject to security screenings by the Department of Homeland Security.

V. Proposed Conditions of the Exemption

1. The UAs will weigh no more than 6 lbs. (2.7 kg.), inclusive of battery and payload.

2. UA operations under this exemption will be limited to conducting operations for the purpose
    of providing (i) precision farming and other agriculture applications; (ii) asset management
    for utilities, government agencies, and private firms; (iii) construction and land management;
    (iv) disaster response and search and rescue; and (v) conducting research flights to collect
    data and establish and refine forensic processes, procedures, and tools for investigation of
    accidents and crimes involving UAs in Class G airspace nationwide, unless otherwise
    prescribed in an ATO-issued COA.

3. Flights will be operated within line of sight of a pilot and visual observer.

4. Flights will be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet AGL, as indicated by the
    procedures specified in the operating documents. All altitudes reported to ATC must be in
    feet AGL.

5. The UA will not be flown at an indicated airspeed exceeding 87 knots (100 mph).

6. Minimum flight crew for each operation will consist of the UA pilot in command (PIC) and a
    visual observer (VO).

7. The PIC will have, at minimum, a sport pilot license and a third class medical certificate or a
    U.S. driver's license.

8. The petitioner will not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC meets its qualification
    criteria and demonstrates the ability to safely operate the UA in a manner consistent with
                                                          9
    how the UA will be operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency
    maneuvers and maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and
    structures. PIC qualification flight hours and currency will be logged in a manner consistent
    with 14 CFR § 61.51(b). A record of the PIC training will be documented and made available
    upon request by the Administrator. Training operations will only be conducted during
    dedicated training sessions. During training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all
    persons not essential for flight operations will be considered nonparticipants, and the PIC
    will operate the UA with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14
    CFR § 91.119.

9. The VO will not perform any other duties beyond assisting the PIC with seeing and avoiding
    other air traffic and other ground based obstacles/obstructions, and will not be permitted to
    operate the camera or other instruments.

10. The PIC will be designated before the flight and will not be allowed to transfer his or her
    designation for the duration of the flight. The PIC will ensure that the VO can perform the
    functions prescribed in these conditions and the operating documents.

11. A briefing will be conducted in regard to the planned UA operations prior to each day's
    activities. It will be mandatory that all personnel who will be performing duties in connection
    with the operations be present for this briefing.

12. Prior to each flight, the PIC will inspect the UA, including the Ground Control Station, to
    ensure it is in a condition for safe flight. If the inspection reveals a condition that affects the
    safe operation of the UA, the PIC will not operate the UA until the necessary maintenance
    has been performed and the UA is found to be in a condition for safe flight. All maintenance
    and alterations will be properly documented in the aircraft records.

13. Petitioner will conduct a functional flight test on any UA that has undergone maintenance or
    alterations that affect the UA operation or flight characteristics, e.g. replacement of a flight
    critical component. The PIC who conducts the functional test flight will make an entry in the
    aircraft records.

14. The petitioner will carry out its maintenance, inspections, and record keeping requirements,
    in accordance with the UA manufacturer's aircraft/component, maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements set forth in the operating documents.
    Maintenance, inspection, alterations, and status of replacement/overhaul component parts
    will be noted in the aircraft records, including total time in service, description of work
    accomplished, and the signature of the authorized person returning the UA to service. The
    authorized person will make an entry in the aircraft record of the corrective action taken
    against discrepancies discovered between inspections.

15. The UA will be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times.
    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses. PIC and VO will at all times be able to communicate verbally. They will
    not be permitted to use electronic messaging or texting to communicate during flight
    operations.

16. The PIC will not begin a flight unless (considering wind and forecast weather conditions)

                                                         10
    there is enough power to fly at normal cruising speed to the intended landing point and
    prepare to land each UA with 20% battery life remaining.

17. Actual total flight time for each operational flight will result in no less than a 20% battery
    reserve.

18. The UA will have the capability to abort a flight in case of unexpected obstacles or
    emergencies.

19. The UA will be programmed so that if it loses communications or loses its GPS signal, it will
    return to a pre-determined location within the planned operating area and land or be
    recovered in accordance with the operating documents

20. If the UA and its radio control link disconnect during flight, the system's failsafe protection
    will be triggered and the multirotor will return to home and land automatically, rather than
    flying off uncontrollably or landing at an unknown location.

21. The operating documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 will be maintained and
    available to the PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UA any time the UA is operating.
    These documents will be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement official
    upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and limitations in the exemption
    grant and the procedures outlined in the operating documents, the grant conditions and
    limitations will take precedence and will be followed. Otherwise, the petitioner will follow
    the procedures outlined in its operating documents. If it updates or revises its operating
    documents, it will present updated and revised documents to the Administrator upon request.
    If the petitioner determines that any update or revision would affect the basis upon which the
    FAA granted the exemption, then the Petitioner will petition for an amendment to the grant
    of exemption.

22. Petitioner will obtain written and/or oral permission from the landowners/authorized agents
    of the landowners over which flights will be conducted.

23. Petitioner will obtain all required permissions and permits from territorial, state, county or
    city jurisdictions, including local law enforcement, fire, or other appropriate governmental
    agencies.

24. UA operations will not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All operations
    will be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights will not be
    conducted under special visual flight rules (SVFR).

25. The petitioner will obtain an Air Traffic Organization (ATO) issued Certificate of Waiver or
    Authorization (COA) prior to conducting any operations under the grant of exemption.
    Petitioner will request a Notice to Airman (NOTAM) not more than 72 hours in advance, but
    not less than 48 hours prior to the operation. All operations will be conducted in accordance
    with airspace requirements in the ATO issued COA, including class of airspace, altitude level
    and potential transponder requirements.

26. The UA will not be operated within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point as denoted
    on a current FAA-published aeronautical chart unless a letter of agreement with that airport's

                                                         11
    management has been obtained, and the operation is conducted in accordance with a
    NOTAM as required by the operator's COA. Any letter of agreement with the airport
    management will be made available to the Administrator upon request.

27. The UA will not be operated less than 500 feet below, or less than 2,000 feet horizontally
    from, a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

28. All operations shall be conducted in Class G airspace or as otherwise prescribed in an ATO
    issued COA.

29. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption will be identified by serial number,
    registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification (N-Number) markings
    in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings will be as large as practicable.

30. Before conducting operations, petitioner will ensure that the radio frequency spectrum used
    for operation and control of the UA complies with the Federal Communications Commission
    (FCC) or other appropriate government oversight agency requirements.

31. The UA will remain clear and yield the right of way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

32. The UA will not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

33. Petitioner will conduct all flight operations at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless one of the following three conditions is met:

    a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons from
         the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The petitioner will ensure that
         nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises where
         nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of the UA, the PIC
         will ensure that flight operations cease immediately.

    b. The aircraft is operated near vessels, vehicles or structures where the owner/controller of
         such vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission and the PIC has made a safety
         assessment of the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
         present an undue hazard.

    c. Operations nearer to the PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons do not present an
         undue hazard to those persons per § 91.119(a).

34. Petitioner will report any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or
    vertical boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA to the FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Petitioner will report accidents to the
    National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions contained on the NTSB Web
    site: www.ntsb.gov.

VI. Privacy

         K&ALLC will follow the Association of Unmanned Vehicles Systems International's
                                                         12
Code of Conduct, available at http://www.auvsi.org/conduct. When conducting search and rescue
operations, the images received will be turned over to the incident commander (the individual in
charge of the disaster or search) and the GIS staff on hand, who are almost always law
enforcement personnel. This is a similar privacy protocol to when taking pictures on the ground
for disaster response and search and rescue operations.

         Please refer to Exhibit 1, Section VII: Privacy for more information regarding
Petitioner's privacy policy.

VII. Public Interest and Safety

         The planned UA use will increase ground safety for (i) precision farming and other
agriculture applications; (ii) asset management for utilities, government agencies, and private
firms; (iii) construction and land management; (iv) disaster response and search and rescue; and
(v) conducting research flights to collect data and establish and refine forensic processes,
procedures, and tools for investigation of accidents and crimes involving UAs. The enhanced
safety and reduced environmental impact achieved using a UA with the specifications described
by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or crew, rather than a manned aircraft of
significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA
good cause to find that the UA operation enabled by this exemption is in the public interest.

         Satisfaction of the criteria provided in Section 333 of the Reform Act of 2012 ­ size,
weight, speed, operating capabilities, proximity to airports and populated areas and operation
within visual line of sight and national security ­ provide more than adequate justification for the
grant of the requested exemption allowing commercial operation of petitioner's UAs, pursuant to
K&ALLC's rules of operation.

         A. Precision Farming and Agriculture Applications

         The planned UA use will increase ground safety in the precision agriculture industry. The
enhanced safety and reduced environmental impact achieved using a UA with the specifications
described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or crew, rather than a manned aircraft of
significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA
good cause to find that the UA operation enabled by this exemption is in the public interest.

         Satisfaction of the criteria provided in Section 333 of the Reform Act of 2012 ­ size,
weight, speed, operating capabilities, proximity to airports and populated areas and operation
within visual line of sight and national security ­ provide more than adequate justification for the
grant of the requested exemption allowing commercial operation of petitioner's UA for precision
agriculture operations, pursuant to petitioner's rules of operation.

         Use of UA technology to assist in precision agriculture is a benefit not only to farmers,
but to the public as a whole, and to the environment. Farmers will have greater analytical tools at
their disposal for managing crops, leading to decreased use of resources. This will result in both
reduction of cost and increase in quality ­ benefits that will be passed on to the public.
Additionally, using less water and chemicals during commercial farming operations will reduce
the impact that the operation has on the environment.

         As Jeff Vanderwerff testified on behalf of the American Farm Bureau Federation before
                                                         13
members of the Senate Committee on Commerce, Science, & Transportation on March 24, 2015:

         [The benefit of UA comes from] their ability to provide detailed scouting
         information on weed emergence, insect infestations and potential nutrient
         shortages. This valuable information allows the farmer to catch these threats
         before they develop into significant and catastrophic problems. By addressing
         threats quickly, the farmer has a greater likelihood of being able to respond
         appropriately so as to optimize yields.

         The imagery from UAS also allows the farmer to spot-treat sections of the fields
         as opposed to watering or spraying the entire field. The quicker a farmer can
         discover a potential threat, the quicker the farmer can address the issue. Images
         from UAS allow the farmer to identify the specific location where a specific
         treatment ­ be it fertilizer, water, pesticides, or herbicides is necessary; in doing
         so, the farmer can eliminate the need to use these applications more broadly
         across the entire field. By spot-treating threats to the crop, the farmer not only
         lowers the cost of treatment but also has the potential of lowering the
         environmental impact by minimizing application." (emphasis added)1

         The FAA has previously determined that commercial UA use for the precision farming
industry is within the public interest. It has approved the E384 for precision farming and
agriculture applications in Exemption No. 11166.

         Additionally, the FAA has previously approved a variety of other UAs for commercial
precision farming and agriculture applications in Exemption Nos.:

         11110 (precision aerial surveys);
         11136 (photogrammetry and crop scouting in order to perform precision agriculture);
         11167 (high-resolution aerial imagery in support of biomass analysis and estimation,
         yield monitoring, leaf area indexing and reporting of geographical data and overall crop
         health to a domestic agricultural seed company);
         11170 (precision agriculture operations);
         11177 (commercial precision agriculture surveys);
         11192 (aerial photography and 3D mapping for the agriculture industry);
         11193 (precision photogrammetry and crop scouting for precision agriculture);
         11195 (aerial photography for agriculture);
         11222 (collect high quality, actionable data for use by agronomists, crop consultants, and
         forestry professionals);
         11223 (precision agriculture survey and inspection operations);
         11226 (precision aerial surveys);
         11228 (aerial acquisition and research in support of the agriculture industry); and
         11229 (aerial acquisition and research in support of the agriculture industry).

1 Unmanned Aircraft Systems: Key Considerations Regarding Safety, Innovation, Economic
Impact, and Privacy Before the S. Comm. On Commerce, Science, & Transportation, 114th
Cong. 1 (2015) (written statement of Jeff Vanderwerff on behalf of the American Farm Bureau
Federation).

                                                         14
         B. Asset Management Applications

         Petitioner proposes utilizing its UAs for asset management applications including wind
farm, power transmission system, and pipeline inspections.

         Currently, many wind farm inspections are conducted by people in harnesses, dangling
from each individual tower, and power transmission system and pipeline inspections are
conducted by individuals in manned aircraft. Both wind farm and power transmission systems
inspections involve a serious risk of falls. Wind farm inspectors often conduct inspections of
towers and blades from the structure and are at risk of falling, sometimes over 100 feet or more.2

         Similarly, inspectors of power transmission systems have a similar risk of falling, which
is augmented by the danger of being near electrical wires. There have been several instances in
recent years in which inspectors and crew members lost their lives performing these inspections.
Three people were killed in an accident in Silt, Colorado in January 2014. The helicopter struck
the power line and crashed, quickly killing all those on board.3 Two people lost their lives in a
similar situation in August 2014 in Alabama.4 In Texas, in 2013, two transmission line inspectors
that were suspended from the helicopter by large cables were killed when the cables struck the
power line and snapped.5 Moreover, especially in populated areas, the use of manned helicopters
to conduct these inspections creates a substantial risk of injury or death for individuals on the
ground.

         Additionally, people involved in pipeline inspection must walk along the pipeline with
sensor equipment. This can be time consuming, due to the length of pipelines. Inspectors may
also have to traverse lengths of the pipeline in adverse weather and geographic conditions.
Furthermore, inspectors may be exposed to hazardous materials, such as crude oil and natural
gas. According to the U.S. Department of Transportation's Pipeline and Hazardous Materials
Safety Administration (PHMSA), in 2014, there were 29 serious pipeline incidents, and an
additional 268 significant pipeline incidents, with 19 fatalities and 96 injuries.6

2 United States Department of Energy, Occupational Safety & Hazard Administration, Green Job
Hazards: Wind Energy ­ Falls, https://www.osha.gov/dep/greenjobs/windenergy_falls.html.
3 Brian Hernandez, 3 Killed in Crash When Helicopter Hits Power Lines Near Silt in Western
Colorado, ABC7 NEWS DENVER Jan. 27, 2014, http://www.thedenverchannel.com/news/local-
news/3-killed-in-helicopter-crash-near-silt01272014
4 Power-line-inspection Copter Crashes in Alabama; 2 Killed, COLUMBUS DISPATCH, Aug. 20,
2014, http://www.dispatch.com/content/stories/national_world/2014/08/20/power-line-
inspection-copter-crashes-2-killed.html
5 Sabra Stafford, Turlock Man Killed in Power Line Accident, TURLOCK JOURNAL (Texas), Aug.
8, 2013, http://www.turlockjournal.com/archives/21204/
6 The PHMSA defines "serious incidents" as those including a fatality or injury requiring in-
patient hospitalization, but this data excludes first far incidents, which are gas distribution
incidents with a cause of "other outside force damages" and sub-cause of "nearby fire/explosion"
as the primary cause of incident. "Significant incidents" include any of the following conditions,
excluding first fire incidents: (1) fatality or injury requiring in-patient hospitalization; (2)
$50,000 or more in total costs, measured in 1984 dollars; (3) highly volatile liquid releases of 5
barrels or more or other liquid releases of 50 barrels or more; or (4) liquid releases resulting in an
unintentional fire or explosion.

                                                         15
         Conversely, all three types of asset management inspection can be easily, quickly, and
much more safely, conducted by operators controlling UAs from the ground. Human inspectors
will not be at risk of falls from great heights or onto electrical wires, and will not be subjected to
the risks associated with manned flight.

         The FAA has previously determined that commercial UA use for asset management is
within the public interest. It has approved commercial UA asset management applications in
Exemption Nos.:

         11184 (inspection of towers and structures);
         11185 (electric transmission and distribution utility system monitoring, inspections, and
         damage assessments);
         11217 (aerial inspections of wind turbine blades and towers);
         11224 (inspections of energy infrastructure);
         11225 (safety inspections and aerial surveying);
         11228 (research in support of Government entities, utility companies, local infrastructure)
         11229 (research in support of Government entities, utility companies, local infrastructure)
         11230 (tower inspections and mapping operations to an existing tower structure);
         11238 (aerial inspections of electric and gas facilities); and
         11239 (utility, power line inspections).

         C. Construction and Land Management Applications

         Use of a UA for construction and land management applications will provide a greater
level of safety than what is currently available. The construction industry has traditionally been
very dangerous for workers, both based on the working conditions and equipment used,
including helicopters and cranes. Currently, aerial inspections are not done on many construction
projects. Instead, inspections are conducted from the ground, or from within the structure being
constructed, giving a limited view of the project. OSHA reports that in 2013, 20.3% of worker
fatalities in private industry were related to construction, and the leading cause of those fatalities
were falls, with 294 out of the 796 total fatalities.7 This limits the capabilities of architects and
construction crews examining the work that has been done, and could lead to misidentification or
failure to identify flaws in the construction. Those projects that do incorporate aerial inspections
must rely upon manned helicopters or other types of aircraft, devices that can pose a great risk to
those piloting and those on the ground below, without providing the most accurate results.
Similarly, land management applications are limited to either expensive and dangerous manned
flights, or ground-level inspections that do not capture the full wealth of knowledge available.

         Alternatively, using a UA to videotape and photograph these areas will allow the
construction crew to gain a better vantage point of the structure. Safety concerns can be better
identified and fixed, and the inspectors will be able to gain a more thorough understanding of
construction progress. This UA will be able to provide a quick and cost effective aerial
inspection of an entire jobsite, something that is much more difficult to perform without this
technology. The device can be used to check the progress of the project and provide visual
information on hard-to-reach areas that may not be adequately inspected otherwise without
putting people in danger. UAs can be equipped with specialized cameras and sensors that
provide enhanced detection of other concerns, such as gas leaks and lack of structural integrity.

7 United States Department of labor, Occupational Safety & Health Administration Commonly
Used Statistics, https://www.osha.gov/oshstats/commonstats.html

                                                         16
         The FAA has previously determined that using a UA will provide an equivalent or greater
level of safety than manned flight when inspecting construction sites and has approved
Exemption Nos. 11109 (monitor and ensure safety of construction sites), 11204 (aerial
photography for the architectural, engineering, and construction industry sites), and 11286 (aerial
imaging of construction sites).

         D. Disaster Response and Search and Rescue

         Petitioner wishes to use its UAs when conducting disaster response and search and rescue
operations. Although petitioner will not be conducting this sort of operation for profit, because
petitioner is a commercial UA operator in other respects, petitioner has included this sort of
operation in this petition. Petitioner wishes to conduct these operations under the auspices of the
FAA. The president of K&ALLC, Mr. Kovar, is an experienced actor in disaster response and
search and rescue operations. For reference letters regarding Mr. Kovar's previous experience
and expertise in this area, please refer to Exhibit 4. Mr. Kovar wishes to expand his capabilities
to assist where assistance is needed by using UAs as an aid.

         The major benefit to conducting disaster response and search and rescue operations with
a UA rather than a manned aircraft is cost. Government agencies across the country have turned
to UAs as a possible source for assistance during emergency situations. The Washington State
Department of Transportation has conducted research on using UAs and determined that they
would be useful for both search and rescue and disaster response operations, including avalanche
response. The department has previously paid $800 an hour for manned helicopters for search
and response operations.8 The Mesa County, Colorado Sherriff's Office uses a UA equipped
with infrared sensors for search and rescue operations, and has projected that a UA costs $25 an
hour to operate, compared with manned aircraft, which cost between $400 and $1,200 an hour to
operate.9 The Henry County, Indiana Office of Emergency Management ("HCOEM")
determined that owning an emergency response manned aircraft could cost $800,000, not
including personnel costs, compared to the one-time purchase price of $1,700 to purchase their
UA, and concluded that investing in a manned aircraft for emergency management would not
happen:

         "The cost to Henry County to use manned aerial services is something that
         has and most likely will not be budgeted for." 10 (emphasis added).

         Additionally, operators of UAs are able respond much more quickly in an emergency
than the pilot of a manned aircraft. They can be launched from an area close to the scene of an
emergency, compared to a manned aircraft which would depart from an airport, potentially

8 Edward D. McCormack, Use of Small Unmanned Aircraft by the Washington State Department
of Transportation, 14 (June, 2008) available at
http://www.wsdot.wa.gov/research/reports/fullreports/703.1.pdf.
9 Sheriff Rebecca Spiess, MSCO Unmanned Aircraft Systems Team, Frequently Asked
Questions, available at http://sheriff.mesacounty.us/uav.
10 Henry CountyOffice of Emergency Management, Standard Operating Procedures and
Standard Operating Guidelines for Unmanned Aircraft Systems (UAS), 8 (December 4, 2014),
available at:
http://www.henrycoema.org/forms/HCOEM%20Aerial%20Equipment%20Standard%20Operati
ng%20Procedures%20and%20Guidlines%20Ver%201-3.pdf.

                                                         17
several miles away from the area of concern. Additionally, pilots of manned aircraft are subject
to significantly more risks by being in the air, while UA operators are able to monitor the
situation safely from the ground.

         The FAA has previously approved disaster response operations in Exemption No. 11283
and search and rescue operations in Exemption No. 11282.

         E. Research Flights to Develop Processes, Procedures, and Tools for Accident and
             Crime Investigations of UAs.

         Finally, the petitioner wishes to conduct commercial UA operations for the purpose of
conducting research flights to collect data and establish and refine forensic processes,
procedures, and tools for investigation of accidents and crimes involving UAs. Petitioner wishes
to fly UAs in order to collect flight data and the ground control station and then using forensic
analysis to determine what the UA was doing, where it had been, and other information
regarding that flight.

         Unfortunately, the past year in manned aviation has demonstrated the importance of
having a wealth of information regarding airplane disappearances and crashes. The National
Transportation and Safety Board (NTSB) has a database covering civil manned aviation
accidents that dates back to 1962. No such record exists for UAs, where the technology is rapidly
developing. It is imperative for the safe integration of UAs into the NAS that this type of
research occur.

                                                         18
VIII. Regulations from Which Exemption is Requested

A. Appendix A: FARs as to which K&ALLC wishes the same determination to be
         made as has been made previously.

FAR           Applicable condition(s) in      FAA Exemption Decision
Provision     Section 5 of petition
21(h)         1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 15, 24, 27, 28,  Nos. 11062, 11063, 11064, 11065, 11066, 11067,
              33                              11080, 11109, 11111, 11110, 11114, 11136, 11138,
43.7                                          11150, 11153, 11156, 11157, 11166, 11167, 11170,
43.11         13, 14                          11171, 11172, 11174, 11176, 11177, 11178, 11184,
45.11         12                              11185, 11188, 11189, 11191, 11192, 11193, 11195
45.27         29                              No. 11208
45.29         29                              No. 11208
91.7(a)       29
              12                              No. 11208
91.9(b)(2)
              22                              No. 11188
91.9(c)
91.103(b)(2)  30                              Nos. 11136, 11157, 11170, 11185, 11193
              3, 9, 15, 16, 17, 18, 19, 20,
91.105        27                              Nos. 11062, 11063, 11064, 11065, 11066, 11067,
91.109                                        11080, 11109, 11110, 11136, 11138, 11150, 11153,
              6                               11156, 11157, 11158, 11160, 11161, 11166, 11167,
91.113(b)     7, 8                            11170, 11171, 11172, 11174, 11177, 11178, 11184,
                                              11185, 11188, 11189, 11191, 11192, 11193, 11195,
              3, 31                           11204
                                              Nos. 11062, 11063, 11064, 11065, 11066, 11067,
                                              11080, 11109, 11110, 11111, 11112, 11114, 11136,
                                              11138, 11150, 11153, 11156, 11157, 11062, 11063,
                                              11064, 11065, 11066, 11067, 11080, 11109, 11110,
                                              11111, 11112, 11114, 11136, 11138, 11150, 11153,
                                              11156, 11157, 11174, 11177, 11178, 11184, 11185,
                                              11189, 11192, 11193, 11195
                                              Nos. 11136, 11170, 11171, 11174, 11185
                                              No. 11062, 11063, 11064, 11065, 11066, 11067,
                                              11080, 11109, 11138, 11150, 11153, 11156, 11158,
                                              11160, 11161, 11166, 11167, 11171, 11172, 11176,
                                              11177, 11178, 11184, 11185, 11188, 11188, 11189,
                                              11191, 11192, 11193, 11195, 11204
                                              No. 11185
                                              Nos. 11062, 11063, 11064, 11065, 11066, 11067,
                                              11080, 11109, 11110, 11112, 11136, 11138, 11150,
                                              11153, 11156, 11157, 11166, 11167, 11170, 11171,
                                              11174, 11177, 11184, 11185, 11189, 11191, 11192,
                                              11193, 11194, 11195, 11206, 11208
                                              No. 11238

                                              19
FAR           Applicable condition(s) in  FAA Exemption Decision
Provision     Section 5 of petition
91.119(c )    4, 33                       Nos. 11162, 11163, 11164, 11165, 11166, 111080,
                                          111109, 11110, 11111, 11112, 11114, 11136,
91.121        4                           11138, 11150, 11153, 11156, 11160 11161, 11166,
              16, 17                      11167, 11170, 11171, 11172, 11174, 11176, 11178,
91.151(a)     21                          11185, 11188, 11189, 11190, 11193
                                          Nos. 11162, 11163, 11164, 11165, 11166, 111080,
91.203 (a)    25, 26                      111109, 11136, 11138, 11150, 11153, 11156, 11160
and (b)       12, 13, 14                  11161, 11166, 11167, 11170, 11171, 11174, 11176,
              12, 13, 14                  11178, 11185, 11188, 11189, 11190, 11193
91.215                                    Nos. 11110, 11153, 11156, 11161; 111109, 11110,
91.403        14                          11112, 11136, 11138, 11150, 11153, 11156, 11160
91.405(a)                                 11161, 11166, 11167, 11170, 11171, 11172, 11174,
              12, 13, 14                  11176, 11178, 11185, 11188, 11189, 11190, 11193
91.407(a)(1)
                                          Nos. 11062, 11063, 11064, 11065, 11066,
91.409(a)(1)                              11067, 11080, 11109, 11110, 11111, 11112,
                                          11114, 11136, 11138, 11150, 11153, 11156,
                                          11157, 11170, 11171, 11172, 11174, 11176,
                                          11177, 11178, 11184, 11185, 11188, 11188,
                                          11189, 11191, 11192, 11193, 11195
                                          Nos. 11185, 11195
                                          No. 11185

                                          Nos. 11062, 11063, 11064, 11065, 11066,
                                          11067, 11080, 11109, 11110, 11111, 11112,
                                          11114, 11136, 11138, 11150, 11153, 11156,
                                          11157, 11158, 11160, 11161, 11166, 11167,
                                          11170, 11171, 11172, 11174, 11176, 11177,
                                          11178, 11184, 11185, 11188, 11188, 11189,
                                          11191, 11192, 11193, 11195, 11204
                                          Nos. 11062, 11063, 11064, 11065, 11066,
                                          11067, 11080, 11109, 11110, 11111, 11112,
                                          11114, 11136, 11138, 11150, 11153, 11156,
                                          11157, 11158, 11160, 11161, 11166, 11167,
                                          11170, 11171, 11172, 11174, 11176, 11177,
                                          11178, 11184, 11185, 11188, 11188, 11189,
                                          11191, 11192, 11193, 11195, 11204
                                          Nos. 11062, 11063, 11064, 11065, 11066,
                                          11067, 11080, 11109, 11110, 11111, 11112,
                                          11114, 11136, 11138, 11150, 11153, 11156,
                                          11157, 11158, 11160, 11161, 11166, 11167,
                                          11170, 11171, 11172, 11174, 11176, 11177,
                                          11178, 11184, 11185, 11188, 11188, 11189,
                                          11191, 11192, 11193, 11195, 11204

                                          20
FAR           Applicable condition(s) in  FAA Exemption Decision
Provision     Section 5 of petition
91.409(a)(2)  12, 13, 14                  Nos. 11062, 11063, 11064, 11065, 11066,
                                          11067, 11080, 11109, 11110, 11111, 11112,
91.417(a)     12, 13, 14                  11114, 11136, 11138, 11150, 11153, 11156,
                                          11157, 11158, 11160, 11161, 11166, 11167,
91.417(b)     12, 13, 14                  11170, 11171, 11172, 11174, 11176, 11177,
                                          11178, 11184, 11185, 11188, 11188, 11189,
                                          11191, 11192, 11193, 11195, 11204
                                          Nos. 11062, 11063, 11064, 11065, 11066,
                                          11067, 11080, 11109, 11110, 11111, 11112,
                                          11114, 11136, 11138, 11150, 11153, 11156,
                                          11157, 11158, 11160, 11161, 11166, 11167,
                                          11170, 11171, 11172, 11174, 11176, 11177,
                                          11178, 11184, 11185, 11188, 11188, 11189,
                                          11191, 11192, 11193, 11195, 11204
                                          Nos. 11062, 11063, 11064, 11065, 11066,
                                          11067, 11080, 11109, 11110, 11111, 11112,
                                          11114, 11136, 11138, 11150, 11153, 11156,
                                          11157, 11158, 11160, 11161, 11166, 11167,
                                          11170, 11171, 11172, 11174, 11176, 11177,
                                          11178, 11184, 11185, 11188, 11188, 11189,
                                          11191, 11192, 11193, 11195, 11204

                                          21
STORE                       PRODUCTS   SUPPORT  COMMUNITY             DEVELOPER  Search dji.com...      Worldwide (English)

                                                Overview Features No Fly Zones Specs Videos Downloads FAQ Wiki Dealers Buy Now

YOUR FLYING CAMERA

New Pilot Experience 2015 

                                                                                                    

                                                                  22
Introducing the Phantom 2 Vision+  Phantom 2 Vision+ Preparing to Fly  Introducing Phantom 2 Vision+ Ground Station

                                                                                                More Features  

COMPARE PHANTOMS                   DJI OFFICIAL STORE                     DJI AUTHORIZED DEALERS  HELP AND SUPPORT

                                                       23                                           
              Buy from the DJI Official Store      Buy from DJI authorized dealers                                                              Wiki 
                         Buy Now                        Find a local dealer                                                                Downloads 

Compare Now                                                                                                                                   Support 
                                                                                                                                 After-sales Service Policies 

About DJI Contact DJI News Media Coverage Showcase Careers DJI Wiki After-sales Service Policies Website Feedback DJI Developer
                                                  Copyright © 2015 DJI All Rights Reserved.   Privacy Policy Terms of Use

                                               24
STORE  PRODUCTS         SUPPORT  COMMUNITY       DEVELOPER          Search dji.com...                                               Worldwide (English)

                                 Overview Features No Fly Zones Specs Videos Downloads FAQ Wiki Dealers Buy Now

                                                                                                                                         Body
                                                                                                                                  Remote Control

                                                                                                                                  click and drag

RADAR POSITIONING &                                                                                                   Home Point
RETURN HOME                                                                              Return to Home
                                                                    Out of Range
   The flight radar displays the current position of the Phantom 2
    Vision+ in relation to the pilot.                                                                              Control Range
   Exceeding the control range of the remote control will trigger
    `Return-to-Home', meaning the Phantom 2 Vision+ will
    automatically fly back to its takeoff point and land safely.

       Max flight time                       25
25 Mins

          ONSCREEN REAL-TIME FLIGHT
                       PARAMETERS

         Keep track of current flight telemetry and see what your Phantom sees on your
                                                    mobile device.

                     Radar positioning Flight parameters Return home

         HIGH PERFORM26 ANCE CAMERA
     The Phantom 2 Vision+ carries an extremely high quality camera and a removable 4GB micro SD card. It
     shoots full HD video at 1080p/30fps and 720p/60fps, giving you crystal clear video and the option for slow

                                           motion shots. Photos are shot at 14 megapixels.

                                                 View actual photos taken with the Phantom 2 Vision+ 

CAMERA TILT CONTROL

Tilt the camera as you fly, creating unique angles and
amazing shots.

                                        GREATER CONTROL

                                                                                     The upgraded remote control comes with many new
                                                                                      features. A gimbal control dial, trainer port, built-in
                                                                                      rechargeable LiPo battery with a capacity of 2000mAh,
                                                                                      battery level LED indicators and throttle locking feature that
                                                                                      holds the throttle stick in place when descending are all

                                                         27 included. The new remote control is compatible with the
Gimbal Control                    Phantom 2 Vision+ and Phantom 2.

                Battery Life

                                                                               Trainer Port

                                  Use DJI Lightbridge to control your aircraft or connect the remote
                                  control to your computer via the trainer port to run
                                  a simulation application and practice your flying skills.

                              28
                           IMPROVED POWER

New motors, propellers, and ESCs combine to give you greater thrust and control than ever before. You can load more equipment on
        your Phantom, and achieve up to 200g/arm of extra thrust when using a 3S LiPo battery with this completely new system.

   NEW COMPASS

       A new, anti-static compass has been
        developed, with a protective shell to
        help
        shield it in any flight conditions.

                              READY TO FLY

                                                                   29
                      Point the camera straight down for a totally unique view of your world.

          SUPPORTS ADOBE DNG RAW

DNG RAW photo capture means all original image information is retained for powerful post processing.

        ADOBE LENS PROFILE SUPPORT

 An Adobe lens profile for barrel distortion removal is available for the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ camera.

         * Available as standard in the latest versions of Adobe Lightroom, Adobe Camera Raw for Photoshop and Adobe Premiere.

                                                   30
       Before      After

       CAMERA PARAMETER SETTINGS

Camera settings including Picture Quality, ISO, Exposure Compensation, White Balance, and capture Format can be adjusted through
                                                                               the VISION app.

ALBUM          31
SYNCHRONIZATION

Beam photos and videos from the Vision+ straight to
your phone using Wi-Fi. No computer required.

                                                                                                      Up to 700m
                                                                                                   Wi-Fi connection

                                 NO FLY ZONES FEATURE

                                                                       In order to increase flight safety and prevent accidental flights in
                                                                        restricted areas, the new firmware for the Phantom 2 series
                                                                        includes a No Fly Zone feature.
                                                                       These zones have been divided into two categories: A and B. For a
                                                                        full explanation of the difference between the categories and to
                                                                        view a complete list of places included, please click here.

                                                             32
COMPARE PHANTOMS      DJI OFFICIAL STORE                DJI AUTHORIZED DEALERS                                                       HELP AND SUPPORT
     Compare Now 
                                                                                                                                    

                   Buy from the DJI Official Store      Buy from DJI authorized dealers                                                         Wiki 
                              Buy Now                        Find a local dealer                                                           Downloads 

                                                                                                                                              Support 
                                                                                                                                 After-sales Service Policies 

About DJI Contact DJI News Media Coverage Showcase Careers DJI Wiki After-sales Service Policies Website Feedback DJI Developer
                                                  Copyright © 2015 DJI All Rights Reserved.   Privacy Policy Terms of Use

                                                    33
          STORE  PRODUCTS   SUPPORT  COMMUNITY           DEVELOPER            Search dji.com...               Worldwide (English)

                                     Overview Features   No Fly Zones  Specs  Videos Downloads FAQ Wiki Dealers  Buy Now

Aircraft         Supported Battery                                        DJI 5200mAh LiPo Battery
                 Weight (Battery & Propellers Included)                   1242g
Gimbal           Hover Accuracy (Ready To Fly)                            Vertical: 0.8m; Horizontal: 2.5m
Camera           Max Yaw Angular Velocity                                 200°/s
                 Max Tiltable Angle                                       35°
                 Max Ascent / Descent Speed                               Ascent: 6m/s; Descent: 2m/s
                 Max Flight Speed                                         15m/s (Not Recommended)
                 Diagonal Motor-Motor Distance                            350mm

                 Working Current                                          Static : 750mA; Dynamic : 900mA
                 Control Accuracy                                         ±0.03°
                 Controllable Range                                       Pitch : -90° 0°
                 Maximum Angular Speed                                    Pitch : 90°/s

                 Operating Environment Temperature                        0 -40
                 Sensor Size
                                                         34 1/2.3"
                Effective Pixels                                14 Megapixels
                Resolution                                      4384×3288
                HD Recording                                    1080p30 & 720p
                Recording FOV                                   110° / 85°

Remote Control  Operating Frequency                             5.728 GHz 5.85 GHz
Range Extender  Communication Distance (Open Area)              CE Compliance: 400m; FCC Compliance: 800m
DJI VISION App  Receiver Sensitivity (1%PER)                    -93dBm
                Transmitter Power                               CE Compliance: 25mW; FCC Compliance: 100mW
                Working Voltage                                 120 mA@3.7V
                Built-In LiPo Battery Working Current/Capacity  3.7V, 2000mAh

                Operating Frequency                             2412-2462MHz
                Communication Distance (Open Area)              500-700m
                Transmitter Power                               20dBm
                Power Consumption                               2W

                System Requirement Of Mobile Device                              iOS version 6.1 or above/ Android system version 4.0 or above
                Mobile Device Support
                                                                                     iOS recommended: iPhone 4s, iPhone 5, iPhone 5s, iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus, iPod touch 5
                                                                                      (available but not recommended: iPad 3, iPad 4, iPad mini)
                                                                                     Android recommended: Samsung Galaxy S3, S4, Note 2, Note 3 or phones of similar

                                                                35 configuration
COMPARE PHANTOMS       DJI OFFICIAL STORE            DJI AUTHORIZED DEALERS                                                          HELP AND SUPPORT
     Compare Now  
                                                                                                                                    

                    Buy from the DJI Official Store  Buy from DJI authorized dealers                                                            Wiki 
                               Buy Now                    Find a local dealer                                                              Downloads  

                                                                                                                                              Support  
                                                                                                                                 After-sales Service Policies  

About DJI Contact DJI News Media Coverage Showcase Careers DJI Wiki After-sales Service Policies Website Feedback DJI Developer
                                                  Copyright © 2015 DJI All Rights Reserved.   Privacy Policy Terms of Use

                                                                                       36
SMART FLIGHT BATTERY          © 2014 DJI. All Rights Reserved.

Safety Guidelines

SMART FLIGHT BATTERIE

Nutzungshinweise

BATTERIES INTELLIGENTES

Guide d'Utilisation









 V1.0 2014.07

                          37
English                                                Charging the Battery
                                                        Batteries must be charged using a DJI approved

Battery Use                                            adapter. DJI takes no responsibility if the battery
 Never use non-DJI batteries. Go to www.DJI.           is charged using a non-DJI charger. Never leave

com to purchase new batteries. DJI takes no            the battery unattended during charging. Do not

responsibility for any accidents caused by non-        charge the battery near flammable materials or

 DJI batteries.                                         on flammable surfaces such as carpet or wood.
 Never use or charge a swollen, leaky or damaged        Do not charge battery immediately after flight,

battery. If so, contact DJI or its designated dealers  because the battery temperature may be too

 for further assistance.                               high. Do not charge the battery until it cools
 Do NOT install the battery into the battery           down to near room temperature. Charging

compartment on the Phantom when turned on.             battery outside of the temperature range of

Turn off the battery before installing it or removing  0-40 may lead to leakage, overheating, or

 it from the Phantom. Never install or remove the       battery damage.
 battery from the Phantom when it is turned on.         Charge and discharge the battery completely
 The battery should be used in temperatures from
                                                        once every 20 charge/discharge cycles.

-20 to 40. Use of the battery above 50                 Discharge the battery until there is less than

can lead to a fire or explosion. Use of battery        8% power or until it can no longer be turned

 below -20 can lead to permanent damage.               on, then recharge it to the maximum capacity.
 Do not use the battery in strong electrostatic        This power cycling procedure will optimize the

or electromagnetic environments. Otherwise,            battery life.

the battery control board may malfunction

 and a serious accident may happen during              Battery Storage
 flight.                                                Do not leave the battery near heat sources such as
 Never disassemble or pierce the battery in any          a furnace or heater. The ideal storage temperature

 way, or the battery may catch fire or explode.         is 0-21.
 Electrolytes in the battery are highly corrosive. If   Keep the battery dry. Never drop the battery into

any electrolytes splash onto your skin or eyes,         water.
immediately wash the affected area with fresh           Do not drop, strike, impale, or manually short-

 running water for at least 15 minutes then see a       circuit the battery.
                                                        Keep the battery away from metal objects such
 doctor immediately.
 Check the condition of the battery if it falls out     as necklaces and hairpins.
                                                        Discharge the battery to 30%-50% of the battery
 of the Phantom. Make sure the battery is NOT

damaged or leaking before putting it back to the       level if it will not be used for 7 days or more. This

 Phantom.                                              can greatly extend the battery life.
 Land the Phantom immediately when the

 low battery level warning activates in the DJI        Battery Disposal
                                                        Dispose of the battery into specific recycling
 VISION App.                                             boxes only after a complete discharge. Do
 Do not drop the battery into water. If the inside

of the battery comes into contact with water,          not place the battery into regular rubbish bins.

chemical decomposition may occur, potentially          Strictly follow your local disposal and recycling

resulting the battery catching on fire, and may         regulations of batteries.
even lead to an explosion. If the battery falls into    If the power on/off button of the smart battery

water with the Phantom during flight, take it out      is disabled and the battery cannot be fully

immediately and put it in a safe and open area.        discharged, please contact a professional

Maintain a far distance from the battery until it      battery disposal/recycling agent for further

is completely dry. Never use the battery again,        assistance.

and dispose of the battery properly as described

 in Battery Disposal below.                            Deutsch
 Put out any battery fire using sand or a dry

38powder fire extinguisher. Never use water to put     Batterienutzung
                                                         Benutzen Sie ausschließlich originale DJI
out a battery fire.

1 EN                                                   DE
Batterien. Gehen Sie auf www.DJI.com, um               offene Umgebung. Halten Sie großen Abstand

neue Batterien zu erwerben. Für Schäden, die           zu der Batterie bis diese komplett getrocknet

durch die Verwendung von Nicht-Originalteilen          ist. Benutzen Sie die Batterie niemals erneut

und Zubehör entstehen, ist jedwede Haftung             und entsorgen Sie die Batterie sachgerecht,

 des Herstellers ausgeschlossen.                        wie unten in dem Kapitel Entsorgen der
 Benutzen oder Laden Sie niemals eine                   Flugbatterie beschrieben.
                                                        Löschen Sie jeden Batteriebrand mit Hilfe von
 angeschwollene, undichte oder beschädigte

Batterie. Kontaktieren Sie gegebenenfalls DJI          Sand oder einem Pulverlöscher. Löschen Sie

oder unsere ausgewiesenen Händler für weitere          einen Batteriebrand niemals mit Wasser.

 Informationen.                                        Aufladen der Flugbatterie
 Setzen Sie NIEMALS die Batterie in das                 Batterien müssen mit einem von DJI zugelassenen

 Batteriefach des Phantom ein, während die

Batterie eingeschaltet ist. Schalten Sie die Batterie  Adapter geladen werden. DJI übernimmt keine

aus, bevor Sie diese in das Batteriefach einsetzen     Haftung für Batterien, die mit einem nicht

oder vom Phantom entfernen. Setzen Sie niemals         von DJI autorisierten Ladegerät geladen

die Batterie ins Batteriefach ein oder entfernen       wurden. Lassen Sie die Batterie während

 sie, wenn diese eingeschaltet ist.                    des Ladevorgangs niemals unbeaufsichtigt.
 Die Batterie sollte nur in einem Temperaturbereich    Laden Sie die Batterie nicht in der Nähe von

von -20°C bis 40°C benutzt werden. Der Gebrauch        entflammbaren Materialien oder Oberflächen

der Batterie bei über 50°C kann zu Feuer oder           wie Teppich oder Holz.
einer Explosion führen. Die Verwendung bei unter        Laden Sie die Batterie nicht direkt nach dem

 -20°C kann zu dauerhaften Schäden führen.             Flug, die Temperatur der Batterie könnte zu
 Verwenden Sie die Batterie nie in starken             hoch sein. Laden Sie die Batterie erst, sobald

elektrostatischen oder elektromagnetischen             sie auf mindestens Raumtemperatur abgekühlt

Umfelden. Das Batterie Control Board könnte            ist. Das Laden der Batterie außerhalb des

versagen und ein schwerer Unfall während des           Temperaturbereichs von 0°C - 40°C kann zu

 Fluges passieren.                                      Auslaufen, Überhitzen oder einem Schaden an
 Bauen Sie die Batterie niemals auseinander oder
 durchbohren Sie diese, die Batterie könnte Feuer       der Batterie führen.
                                                        Laden und Entladen Sie die Batterie einmal

 fangen oder explodieren.                              vollständig alle 20 Lade-/Entladevorgänge.
 Die Akkumulatorsäure in der Batterie ist stark        Entladen Sie die Batterie bis auf unter 8% bis

korrosiv. Säurespritzer im Auge oder auf der           sie nicht mehr eingeschaltet werden kann,

Haut sofort unter frischem, laufenden Wasser aus-      dann laden Sie diese bis zum Maximum ihrer

bzw. abspülen und anschließend sofort einen Arzt       Kapazität auf. Das beschriebene Verfahren

 aufsuchen.                                            optimiert die Lebensdauer Ihrer Batterie.
 Überprüfen Sie den Zustand der Batterie, falls

diese aus dem Phantom herausfällt. Stellen Sie         Lagerung der Flugbatterie
sicher, dass die Batterie NICHT beschädigt ist           Lassen Sie die Batterie nicht in der Nähe von

oder ausläuft, bevor Sie diese zurück in den           Hitzequellen wie einem Ofen oder Heizkörper. Die

 Phantom stecken.                                       ideale Lagerungstemperatur liegt zwischen 0°C -
 Landen Sie den Phantom umgehend, sobald
                                                        21°C.
 die Batteriewarnung in Ihrer DJI VISION App            Die Batterie ist sauber und trocken zu lagern.

 erscheint.                                             Lassen Sie die Batterie niemals in Wasser
 Lassen Sie die Batterie niemals in Wasser
                                                        fallen.
 fallen. Wenn das Innere der Batterie mit Wasser        Lassen Sie die Batterie nicht fallen, spießen Sie

in Kontakt kommt, könnte eine chemische                diese nicht auf, schließen Sie sie nicht manuell

Zersetzung ausgelöst werden, durch die die             kurz und wirken Sie nicht mit Gewalt auf die

Batterie möglicherweise Feuer fängt oder                Batterie ein.
sogar explodiert. Falls die Batterie während            Halten Sie die Batterie fern von Metallobjekten

des Fluges mit dem Phantom in Wasser fällt,            wie Ketten und Haarnadeln.

39entfernen Sie diese unverzüglich aus dem              Entladen Sie die Batterie bis auf 30% - 50%, falls
                                                        Sie diese für 7 Tage oder länger nicht benutzen.
Fluggerät und legen diese in eine sichere und

2 DE
Dies kann die Lebensdauer Ihrer Batterie stark           yeux, rincez immédiatement la zone affectée

verlängern.                                              à l'eau fraiche courante pendant au moins

                                                         15 minutes puis consultez immédiatement un

Entsorgung der Flugbatterie                               docteur.
  Entsorgen Sie die Battterie, nur nachdem                Vérifiez l'état de la batterie si elle tombe du

Sie komplett entladen wurde, in speziellen               Phantom. Vérifiez que la batterie n'est PAS

Recycling Tonnen. Werfen Sie die Batterie                endommagée ou suintante avant de la remettre

nicht in die normale Mülltonne. Beachten                  dans le Phantom.
und befolgen Sie unbedingt die kommunalen                 Faites atterrir le Phantom immédiatement dès

Entsorgungs- und Recyclingvorschriften für               que l'alerte de faible batterie se déclenche

 Batterien.                                               dans l'App DJI VISION.
 Falls der On/Off Knopf der Batterie nicht                N'immergez pas la batterie. Si l'intérieur de

funktioniert und die Batterie nicht vollständig          la batterie entre en contact avec de l'eau une

entladen werden kann, kontaktieren Sie                   réaction chimique peut se produire, résultant

bitte eine professionelle Entsorgungs-/                  potentiellement en un incendie ou même en

Recyclingfirma.                                          l'explosion de la batterie. Si la batterie tombe

                                                         à l'eau avec le Phantom lors d'un vol retirez-

Français                                                 la immédiatement et mettez-la à l'abri dans
                                                         un endroit sécurisé et ouvert. Restez à bonne

Utilisation de la Batterie                               distance de la batterie jusqu'à ce qu'elle soit
 N'utilisez jamais de batterie autre que d'origine.      entièrement sèche. Ne la réutilisez jamais et

Rendez-vous sur www.DJI.com pour acheter                 déposez-la correctement comme décrit plus

de nouvelles batteries. La responsabilité                bas dans le paragraphe sur le Recyclage des

de DJI ne pourrait être engagée pour tout                Batteries. Eteignez une batterie en flammes

accident résultant de l'utilisation de batteries         en utilisant du sable ou un extincteur à poudre

 non-DJI.                                                sèche. N'utilisez jamais d'eau pour éteindre une
 N'utilisez ni ne chargez jamais de batterie             batterie en feu.

déformée, qui suinte ou qui est endommagée.

Si vous constatez un problème contactez              Charge de la Batterie
DJI ou ses revendeurs agréés pour recevoir            Les batteries doivent être chargées à l'aide d'un

 l'assistance nécessaire.                                chargeur approuvé par DJI. La responsabilité
 N'installez PAS la batterie dans le compartiment        de DJI ne peut être engagée si la batterie est

du Phantom si elle est allumée. Eteignez la              chargée avec un autre chargeur que celui

batterie avant de l'installer ou de la retirer du        proposé par DJI. Ne laissez jamais la batterie

Phantom. N'installez ou ne retirez jamais la             sans surveillance durant la charge. Ne chargez

 batterie du Phantom lorsqu'il est allumé.               pas la batterie près d'une source de chaleur,
 La batterie peut être utilisée sous des                 d'un matériau inflammable ou sur une surface

températures allant de -20 à 40. Utiliser                 inflammable comme un tapis ou du parquet.
la batterie au-delà de 50 peut causer un                  Ne chargez pas votre batterie immédiatement

incendie ou une explosion. L'utiliser en deçà de         après un vol car la température pourrait être

-20 peut causer un dommage irréparable à                 trop élevée. Ne chargez la batterie que lorsque

 la batterie.                                            celle-ci aura atteint la température ambiante.
 N'utilisez pas la batterie dans un environnement        Charger la batterie hors de la plage de

électrostatique ou électromagnétique important.          température comprise entre 0 et 0 peut

Sinon, l'unité de contrôle de la batterie pourrait       entrainer une fuite, une surchauffe ou une

 mal fonctionner et un sérieux accident pourrait          panne de la batterie.
                                                          Chargez et déchargez complètement la batterie
 survenir pendant le vol.
 Ne désassemblez ou ne percez jamais la batterie          tous les cycles de 20 charges/décharges.

d'aucune manière, ou celle-ci pourrait prendre           Déchargez la batterie jusqu'à ce qu'il reste

feu ou exploser.                                         moins de 8% de charge ou jusqu'à ce que

40 L'électrolyte dans la batterie est très corrosif. Si  la batterie ne puisse plus être allumée puis
                                                         rechargez-la jusqu'à sa capacité maximale.
 de l'électrolyte éclabousse votre peau ou vos

3 FR
Cette procédure de charge cyclique optimisera        
la durée de vie de votre batterie.                   

Stockage des Batteries                               
 Ne laissez jamais la batterie près d'une source     
  de chaleur comme un radiateur ou un poêle.
  La température idéale de stockage est de 0         
  -21.
 Maintenez la batterie bien sèche. Ne l'immergez      15 
  jamais dans un liquide.                            
 Ne faites pas tomber ni ne cognez la batterie, ne
                                                     
                                                     

                                                     
                                                     

 la percez pas, ne provoquez pas volontairement      
 de court-circuit sur la batterie.
 Gardez la batterie éloignée de petits objets         Phantom 
 métalliques tels que des épingles à cheveux, des    
 trombones, des petits bijoux.
 Déchargez la batterie aux alentours de 30%-50%      
 de son niveau de charge si vous ne l'utilisez pas
                                                     
                                                     
                                                     ""

pendant une semaine ou plus. Ceci augmentera        

de manière conséquente la durée de vie de           

votre batterie.

Recyclage des Batteries                              
 Mettez votre batterie dans une boite de recyclage    DJI 
  adaptée uniquement après l'avoir complètement
  déchargée. Ne mettez pas votre batterie avec         DJI 
  les ordures ménagères. Suivez scrupuleusement       DJI
  les consignes locales précises en matière de        
  recyclage des piles et batteries.                  
 Si le bouton ON/OFF de la batterie intelligente
                                                      

                                                      
                                                     

est inopérant et que la batterie ne peut être       

complètement déchargée, veuillez s'il vous plait    

contacter un Professionnel du recyclage afin        0-40

d'obtenir l'assistance nécessaire.                   
                                                      20 

                                                    
                                                     8% 

                                                    
 

                                                     
                                                     

                                                      0-
 
                                                     21
                                                     

                                                     
                                                     

                                                     
                                                     
 
  -20 40                                             
                                                      7  30%-
  

41                                                  50% 

 

4 CH
           
           
           
           
           
          
           
  
         
           DJI 
            DJI 
           DJI 
  DJI      
   DJI    
           
  DJI     
           
            0  40 
          20 
           
  20 40
         
          
           0  21
           
          
           
          
           
          
           
          
           
   15      
  
         
          
           
           
           
          
           
           

      42

5 JP
UAV T ECHNOLOGY                                       APM 2.6                                                                                                    CONTENTS        PLANE
                                                                                                                                                    APM 2.6 board with case
 A2P.6M                                               for external magnetometer                                                                     APM power module (PM)        To set up your APM 2.6 board using the
                                                                                                                                                                                 APM:Plane firmware please visit:
                                                 2.6  Providing the same advanced, multiplatform capabilities as APM 2.5, the 2.6 revision                PM 6-position cable
                                                      of the award-winning APM autopilot is designed for an external magnetometer. This                         Micro USB cable  plane.ardupilot.com
          MULTIPLATFORM AUTOPILOT                     improves flight performance by allowing the compass module (or combined GPS with
          A R D U P I L O T. C O M                    compass) to be placed further away from sources of potential magnetic interference.            Telemetry adapter cable     COPTER
                                                                                                                                             JP1 jumper connector (4 mm)
                                                                                                                                            PPM jumper connector (6 mm)          To set up your APM 2.6 board using the
                                                                                                                                                                                 APM:Copter firmware, please visit:
                                                                                           Wireless            USB port                     Optional PPM
                                                                                           telemetry port                                   jumper to support                    copter.ardupilot.com
                                                                                                                                            PPM-sum (all
                                                                                                                                            channels over one                    ROVER
                                                                                                                                            wire) RC receivers
                                                                                                                                                                                 To set up your APM 2.6 board using the
                                                        JP1 port for alternative                               2.6                                      We recommend:            APM:Rover firmware, please visit:
                                                        power distribution
                                                        without power module                                                                3DR GPS uBlox                        rover.ardupilot.com
                                                                                                                                            with Compass
                                                      Power module
                                                      port for PM                                                                           Featuring active
                                                      6-position cable

                                                                                                                                            circuitry for ceramic patch

                                                                                                                                            antenna, rechargeable backup

                                                                Deans connectors or...                                                      battery for warm starts, I2C
                                                      6-position cable ...XT60 connectors
                                                                                           External compass port for GPS port               EEPROM for configuration
                                                                                           GPS with compass or
                                                                                           other external compass                           storage, and a digital
                                                                                           APM 2.6 requires an external compass.
                                                                                                                                            compass.  Available from

                                                                                                                                            Store.3DRobotics.com

                                                                                                           43
           HOME   DOWNLOADS   COMMUNITY   NEWS           STORE                                       

ArduPlane

ArduPilot > ArduPlane > common-APM 2.5 and 2.6 Overview

APM 2.5 and 2.6 Overview

                                                             Contents

  1 APM 2.5
  2 APM 2.6
  3 Using the APM 2.5/2.6 Enclosure
  4 Or Not
  5 Powering the APM 2.5/2.6 Board
  6 Alternative ways to power your board
  7 A Non technical Description of the Power Supply Requirements
  8 Power Supply Rails Connected Requirements (JP1 Installed)

      8.1 No Power Module and No Servos and Power provided by BEC from ESC
      8.2 No Power Module but using Servos and a high power External BEC
      8.3 No Power Module but using Servos and multiple BECs from ESC's (A BEC for each Servo)
  9 Power Supply Rails Not Connected Requirements (JP1 Not Installed)
      9.1 Power Module and No Servos
      9.2 Power Module and using Servos with External BEC power
      9.3 Power Module and using Servos with BEC power from one ESC
      9.4 No Power Module and using Servos with BEC power from two ESCs
  10 APM Power Wiring Example
  11 Explanation of solder jumper options on the bottom of the board
      11.1 APM 2.5 Board Features
      11.2 APM 2.5 Board Assembly Options
  12 Analog input pins
  13 Digital output pins

APM 2.5

The APM 2.5 board requires no assembly, and is ready for firmware. You have a choice of side or top
                                                                   44
entry pin configuration, in order to accommodate a variety of installations. You'll see this option when
you order.

***Click and drag the image above to spin it!
This page gives you a look under the hood, and goes into more detail about the design of this board.

                                                                   45
The APM 2.5 has some improvements over the APM 2.0, but they both have a very similar layout and
function.

APM 2.6

   APM 2.6 is a revision of the APM that makes use of an external magnetometer (compass).
   The APM 2.6 has no on board compass, and is optimized for vehicles where the compass should be
    placed as far from power and motor sources as possible to avoid magnetic interference.
   APM 2.6 is designed to be used with the 3DR GPS uBlox LEA-6 with Compass module.
   The GPS/Compass module may be mounted further from noise sources than the APM itself.
   APM 2.6 requires a GPS unit with an on board compass for full autonomy.
   For information on installing a 3DR GPS uBlox LEA-6 with Compass, visit .

Using the APM 2.5/2.6 Enclosure

The APM 2.5/2.6 board is shipped in an enclosure with foam protecting the barometric pressure
sensor, as shown here.

                                                                   46
Or Not

If you aren't using the enclosure, make sure to cover the barometric sensor with some open cell foam,
cotton padding or tissue to protect it from prop wash, wind and turbulence. Also, the barometric sensor
is sensitive to light and readings can change by several meters from direct sunlight to shade. Some
type of light shield (on top of the foam) will minimize the effects of light changes.

                                                                   47
Powering the APM 2.5/2.6 Board

Like any computer, the APM needs a power supply with a steady clean voltage and sufficient current.

3DR provides an APM power module that supplies 2.25A at 5.37V. The module is designed to convert
power from the main flight battery (18 volt maximum).  That module will supply sufficient power for
your APM, and low power radios including your RC receiver (without servos). Your RC receiver can be
powered from any APM Input (+5V and ground). This is normally done by connecting a 2 or 3 wire
cable between an APM Input and one of the output channels on the RC radio.

If you are using any servos such as are required with a traditional helicopter or a camera gimbal, you
will need to provide an additional dedicated power supply for the servos. The APM is intended to
control servos, not power them.

In order to design a power supply for your APM, or provide additional power, you'll need a basic
understanding of the power circuit in the APM.

                                                                   48
There are two "sides" to the positive circuit in the board. Each side has positive-rails available for
inputing power or distributing it to peripheral devices. The center row of pins in the three groups of
pins (Outputs, Inputs, Analog) labeled "+" are referred to as a "positive-rail". This means that the base
of all the + pins are connected so they represent a single electrical path. The positive-rails of the Input
and Analog group are connected together. So we have two separate positive circuits, one in the
Outputs and the other made up of the Input/Analog.

All of the components on the board take power from various points on these rails, so it is necessary for
both "sides" to be receiving +5V (within the specs below) for the board to function.

These positive-rails can be joined together by placing JP1 in it's position on the board. This connects
all the positive-rails ands provides power to both sides of the board, so that low-level power can be
distributed to peripheral sensors and devices: 3DR Radios, sonar, RC Rx, etc. via the power-rails.

When using the power module, the circuit path is as follows:

From the power module connection the negative wire is connected to a negative-rail shared by the
entire board regardless of JP1.

Positive voltage comes in to a T-junction. to the left is a path through the JP1 to the positive-rail of the

Outputs. To the right it flows through an over-voltage, over-current, reverse-polarity protection(500mA

fuse and 6V Zener diode). A side effect of passing through the Zener diode is a .37V loss, therefore

input voltage should be bumped up by .37V to account for this. From here the positive voltage runs to

the positive-rails of the Inputs and Analog. Inputs should not be used to power anything except your

RC receiver.

              49
Higher current loads such as servos should be powered from the power-rails (positive-negative) of the
Output side. You must use an adequate voltage-regulator to provide power directly to the Output
power-rails, all servo power leads will attach to these same rails (the signal wires can connect on the
Analog "S" pins in the case of a camera gimbal). Since JP1 is removed in this scenario, the other
"side" of the board will need power provided to it's power-rails directly.

Alternative ways to power your board

3DR Power Module

If you are using the 3DR Power Module please find instructions here: Using the 3DR Power Module

   Warning! Under no circumstances should you ever attempt to draw servo power from the analog
    input connector.
   Warning: You may "control" servos from A9, A10 and A11 from the A0 ­ A11 I/O connector, but you
    must run servo power separately.

       The A0 ­ A11 I/O connector cannot supply sufficient power for servos.
       A9, A10 and A11 of the I/O connector come pre-wired to correct digital out for use as servo
        control lines.
       For servo use, it is imperative that they have not been reassigned to analog use with the pads on
        the back of the APM board.

A Non technical Description of the Power Supply
Requirements

The description below simply supplements and provides an alternate view of the information above.

1. The APM 2.5/2.6 board has two separate power circuits which make it very easy to power by a
    variety of methods.
   1. A fused power circuit provides primary board and general I/O power: (It cannot provide power for
        servos).
   2. The Other power circuit is for the OUTPUT connector power rail: (it can provide power for
        servos).

2. The jumper JP 1 determines whether the two power circuits are connected or separate.
   1. If JP1 is removed, the power rail on the OUTPUT connector "Floats" and may be used to
        distribute power.
   2. Although if JP1 is removed the OUTPUT connector cannot be used to supply power to the APM
        board.
                                                                   50
3. It is possible to power the APM board from the Power Module connector or the OUTPUT or INPUT
    connectors.

4. Normally the APM 2.5/2.6 "Power Module" is used to provide primary APM 2.5 board and general
    I/O power.

5. Alternatively primary board power can be supplied by a BEC either from one of the ESCs or from an
    external BEC.

6. If servos are used, supplementary power is required.
   1. Generally one power supply is provided for the board and one or more additional power supplies
        for the servos.
   2. But if a sufficiently large external BEC is used it can supply power for both via the OUTPUT
        connector.

7. Only the OUTPUT connector can provide power for servos as the other circuit is fused.
   1. The address connector is sometimes used provide servo signals, but the servos power must
        come from elsewhere.

8. How you are powering your APM board and or servos determines whether JP1 is  installed or not.
   1. (Whether the two power circuits are separated or connected).
   2. All possible configurations are detailed Below.

9. The type of use will determine which options are available.
   1. APM:Copter can power the APM from a power module or a UBEC or a BEC from one of the
        ESCs and can power servos from a UBEC or from the other ESC's BECs.
   2. APM:Plane can power the APM from the power module,  the BEC from the flight motors ESC or
        a  separate UBEC and can power servos from a separate UBEC or the flight motors BEC if it is
        large enough.
   3. APM:Rover  can power the APM from the power module,  the BEC from the drive motor's ESC or
        a  separate UBEC and can power the steering servo from a separate UBEC or the drive motors
        BEC if it is large enough.

Power Supply Rails Connected Requirements (JP1
Installed)

Warning: Do not exceed Abs MAX input voltages when connecting the power supply or you will
damage your board.
Warning: Connecting USB when you have input voltages at the high end of the range (near Abs Max)
can damage the board. Disconnect battery before connecting USB or test input voltages so they are
within the specified range.

Power Options                  Nominal      Abs MAX  JP1 status
Power on Output PWM connector  5.37V +-0.5  6V       JP1 connected

                                   51
Power on Input PWM connector  5.00V +-0.25  5.5V  JP1 connected

No Power Module and No Servos and Power provided by BEC
from ESC

   If you do not have a power module and you are not using servos.
   Ensure JP1 is installed and provide the necessary power via the BEC from one of your ESC's.
   Connect one ESC's BEC power and ground wires to one pair of the APM OUTPUT connectors
    power and ground pins.
   Clip the BEC power leads on the remaining 3 wire connectors.
   Ensure that the ESC's signal wires are connected to the appropriate APM OUTPUT connector
    signal pins.
   You must ensure that your ESC's BEC has a sufficient power capability (at least 2 amps).

       Most 20 amp or higher ESCs have 2 amp BECs.

No Power Module but using Servos and a high power External
BEC

   If you do not have a power module and are using servos you can use a high power external BEC.
   Ensure JP1 is installed and provide the necessary power via a high power external BEC (5 to 10
    amps or more).
   The BEC power must be provided to one pair of the APM OUTPUT connector pins.
   Warning! Clip all power leads on the ESC's BECs (they would conflict with the external BEC).
   Your servos will determine the size of the BEC required.
   You should allow at least 2 or 3 amps extra to power the APM, receiver and to prevent (brown outs).
   All of the positive power for driving each servo must come from the OUTPUT connector.

       This is true even if the servo(s) signal wires are connected to the ADDRESS connector.
   This option requires you to take responsibility for providing sufficient power to prevent brownout.

No Power Module but using Servos and multiple BECs from
ESC's (A BEC for each Servo)

   If you do not have a power module and are using servos you can use multiple BECs from your
    ESC's.
   Ensure JP1 is installed and plug one of your ESC's signal cables with power leads into the
    OUTPUT connector.
   Remove the power and ground leads from the remaining ESCs signal cable connectors.
   Plug the signal wire connector from each ESC onto the appropriate pin on the OUTPUT connector.

       You can heat shrink these or plug them into a multi-wire connector appropriate for your copter.
   Connect one pair of each of the remaining BEC power and ground lines to the power and ground of

                                                                   52
each individual servo.
Clip or heat shrink any remaining excess BEC power and ground leads.
The BEC power from one ESC must be provided to one pair of the APM output connector pins.
Plug only the signal input wire from your servos into the appropriate OUTPUT or ADDRESS
connector pin.
Your ESC's BECs should be at least 2 amps.
The ESC's BEC grounds are in common with battery and internal signal ground so grounding the
servos this way is OK.

Power Supply Rails Not Connected Requirements (JP1 Not
Installed)

Warning: Do not exceed Abs MAX input voltages when connecting the power supply or you will
damage your board.
Warning: Connecting USB when you have input voltages at the high end of the range (near Abs Max)
can damage the board. Disconnect battery before connecting USB or test input voltages so they are
within the specified range.

Power Options                  Nominal       Abs MAX  JP1 status
Power on Output PWM connector  5.00V +-0.5   6V       JP1 open
Power on Input PWM connector   5.00V +-0.25  5.5V     JP1 open

Power Module and No Servos

   If you have a power module and you are not using servos.
   Ensure JP1 is not installed.
   Provide the necessary power via the power module connected to the APM's power module
    connector.
   When connecting your ESCs to the OUTPUT connector clip the BEC power leads on each ESC's 3
    wire connector.

       Or connect only the ESC's signal wires to the OUTPUT connector.

Power Module and using Servos with External BEC power

   If you have a power module and an external BEC and you are using servos.
   Ensure JP1 is Not installed
   Provide APM board and receiver power via the power module connected to the power module
    connector.

                                                                   53
   Connect an external BEC with sufficient power for your servos to one pair of the OUTPUT connector
    power pins.
   When connecting your ESCs to the OUTPUT connector clip the BEC power leads on each ESC's 3
    wire connector.

       Or connect only the ESC signal wires to the OUTPUT connector.

Power Module and using Servos with BEC power from one ESC

   If you have a power module and you are using servos Remove JP1.
   Provide APM and receiver power via the power module connected to the APM's power module
    connector.
   The BEC of a single ESC must provide sufficient power for all your servos.
   When connecting your ESCs to the OUTPUT connector clip the BEC power leads on all but one of
    the ESC's connectors.
   Or connect only the ESC signal wires to the OUTPUT connector for all except one ESC.

       And on that ESC connect all 3 wires to the OUTPUT connector.

No Power Module and using Servos with BEC power from two
ESCs

   If you do not have a power module and you are using servos remove JP1.
   Provide APM and receiver power via 1 pair of ESC-BEC power wires connected to the APM INPUT
    connector power pins.
   Also connect another of the ESCs power wire pair to the OUTPUT connector.
   The BEC of a single ESC must provide sufficient power for all your servos.
   Clip the signal power leads on your remaining ESC's.
   Connect all ESC signal wires to the appropriate OUTPUT connector pins.

APM Power Wiring Example

Warning: Do not exceed Abs MAX input voltages when connecting power supply or you will damage
your board.
Warning: Connecting USB when you have input voltages at the high end of the range (near Abs Max)
can damage the board. Disconnect battery before connecting USB or test input voltages so they are
within the specified range.

On the bench, you'll probably be powering the board via your USB cable while you set it up and test it.
But in your aircraft, you'll need to power it with your on board power system, which is usually your
LiPo battery going through an ESC or the Power Module. In the case of a multicopter, this can come
through your Power Distribution Board (PDB), which will break out the 5V output from the one of the

                                                                   54
electronic speed controls (ESCs) or the Power module which is wored directly to the battery.
In the picture below, the red and black wires are the 5b    m hV power cable coming from a PDB. You
can plug them into any two pins along the 5V and Ground (middle and outer) rows of pins on APM
2.5's Output side. The other cable, which in this case is a four-wire cable with orange and white wires
for a quadcopter, is the signal cable to the PDB, which are the wires that APM 2.5 will use to
command each of the ESCs.
The picture below is of APM 2; but the concept is applicable to APM 2.5.

It's also possible to power APM 2.5 from two separate sources, one powering the RC system on the
input side, and the other powering the output side (servos or ESCs). This is determined by a jumper
on the JP1 pins (see below). If the jumper is on, which is the factory default, the board is powered
from the OUTPUT rail or the USB. If the jumper is off, the board is powered from the INPUT rail, but
the OUTPUT rail will need its own power source. This configuration is used if you want to have two

                                                                   55
separate power sources in your aircraft, one powering the servos and the other powering the
electronics. The ideal input voltage is 5.37v +/-0.0v and may not be provided by a typical ESC.

Warning: Do not exceed Abs MAX input voltages when connecting power supply or you will
damage your board.

In some cases it may be a good idea to set the input voltage slightly above the median (but below the
maximum) to account for possible voltage drops during momentary high current events.

The APM2.5 by itself draws relatively little current (200ma range) and a power source capable of
providing 300 ­ 500ma will provide plenty of margin. However, if servos or other power consuming
devices are being driven by the same power source you must consider the power requirements for
those devices as well and provide plenty of margin to prevent disastrous "brown-outs". For instance, a
single digital servo can easily draw 1-5 amps depending on it's size and performance. (Note: ESCs do
not consume power from the APM) If you experience spurious resets or other odd behavior it is most
likely due to noisy or insufficient power to the APM. As with all logic boards, electrical noise from the
motors, servos, or other high current devices on the power source can cause unpredictable behavior.

It is recommend that a power filter be used in such conditions.

Too short or long power wires, bad or old connectors, or insufficient current capability of the APM
power source can result in a "brown-out" situation resulting in unpredictable operation. This is
particularly true in traditional helicopters where the collective servos can draw 3-20 amps in short
bursts. The power source must be able to accommodate this without voltage droop or voltage spikes.
A quality switching type BEC such as one of
these


or one of
these


can be a solution depending on overall current requirements. Many of these type of regulators are
programmable so remember to program them with in the safe operating range of the APM2. Linear
voltage regulators are not recommended as they are inefficient and prone to overheating and heat
induced failures. APM2 should never be connected directly to a battery of any type.

Power source problems are common and can be insidious and frustrating. Be meticulous. Any
autopilot or flight controller is useless and potentially dangerous without good clean power source.

The picture below is of APM 2; but the concept is applicable to APM 2.5/2.6.

                                                                   56
Explanation of solder jumper options on the bottom of the
board

                                                                   57
APM 2.5 Board Features

                                                                   58
APM 2.5 Board Assembly Options

   Quadzimodo has produced a really nice editable 3D model of the APM 2.5 board in SketchUp
    8: APM 2.5 Google Sketchup File

                                                                   59
Analog input pins

Pin 0 to 8: The APM2 has a row of analog input pins down one side, labelled A0 to A8 on the
underside of the board. These are available as pin numbers 0 to 8 inclusive in PIN variables.

All these pins can take up to 5V and may be used for any general analog input. They are commonly
used for airspeed and sonar inputs.

Pin 12: power management connector current pin, accepts up to 5V, usually attached to 3DR power
brick with 17:1 scaling

Pin 13: power management connector voltage pin, accepts up to 5V, usually attached to 3DR power
brick with 10.1:1 scaling

                                                                   60
Digital output pins

The APM2 uses the same set of 9 analog input pins as digital output pins. They are configured as
digital output pins automatically when you start to use them as digital outputs.
Pin 54 to 62: You need to add 54 to the pin number to convert from an analog pin number to a digital
pin number. So pin 54 is digital output pin on the A0 connector. Pin 58 is A4 etc.
These pins are usually used with the RELAY_PIN to RELAY_PIN4 parameters, allowing you to control
things like camera shutter, bottle drop etc. They are also used as sonar "stop" pins allowing you to
have multiple sonars and not have them interfere with each other.
Questions about this page? Comments? Suggestions? Post to APM Forum! Use the platform specific
to your query, and make sure to include the name of the page you are referring to.

                                                                   61
GETTING STARTED

Introduction

Video Guides

First Time Setup

Assembly

Pixhawk Wiring and Quick Start

PX4 Wiring

RC Setup for ArduPlane (APM)

Install Mission Planner

Load Firmware onto APM

Loading Firmware onto Pixhawk

Load Firmware onto PX4

Configuration

Checking the Sensors

Reversing Servos and Setting Normal/Elevon Mode

Throttle Arming in ArduPlane

Failsafe Function

Advanced Failsafe Configuration

ArduPlane Parameters

First Flight

Flight Modes

Tuning the Airframe

Roll, Pitch and Yaw Controller Tuning

Navigation Tuning

TECS (Total Energy Control System) for Speed & Height - Tuning Guide

Calibrating an Airspeed Sensor

Tuning Ground Steering for a Plane

Automatic Tuning with AUTOTUNE

Flight Features

                                                 62
Automatic Takeoff

Automatic Landing

Stall Prevention

GeoFencing in ArduPlane

Terrain Following

Channel Output Functions

Mission Planning & Analysis

Planning a Mission with Waypoints and Events

Camera Control and Auto Missions*

Rally Points

Downloading and Analyzing Data Logs in Mission Planner*

Using a Ground Station

Telemetry Logs

Diagnosing Problems Using Logs

Using Python Scripts in Mission Planner

Geotagging Images with Mission Planner

Other Mission Planner Features

Optional Hardware*

Telemetry*

3DR Radio v2*

Bluetooth

RFD900 Radio Modem*

FrSky*

XBee*

3DR Radio -- Advanced Configuration*

3DR Radio v1*

Power Modules*

3DR Power Module*

Attopilot Current Sensor*

Attopilot Current Sensor with Pixhawk*

Rangefinders*

Maxbotic Analog Sonar*

                                              63
      Maxbotic I2C Sonar*
      LIDAR-Lite*
      Lightware SF02*
   Optical Flow Sensors*
      ADNS3080 Mouse Sensor*
      PX4-FLOW*
   Cameras and Gimbals*
      Tarot Gimbal*
      SToRM32 Gimbal*
      Gimbal with Servos*
      Camera Shutter Configuration*
      Camera Triggering using CHDK*
      Camera Trigger using Stratosnapper/IR*
      3DR Camera Control Board*
      CHDK Camera Control*
      Automatic Camera Stabilization*
   Minim OSD for FPV*
   Servo*
   3DR UBlox GPS + Compass*
      LEDs*
      UBlox GPS Configuration*
   Relay Switch*
   EPM Gripper (EPM688)*
   PPM Encoder*
      PPM Encoder Programming Guide*
   Received Signal Strength Indication (RSSI)*
   Airspeed Sensor
      Calibrating an Airspeed Sensor
AutoPilot Hardware*
   Pixhawk*
      LEDs*
      Sounds*

                                                64
      Safety Switch*
   APM 2.x*

      LEDs*
      PPM Encoder*
   PX4FMU*
      PX4IO Overview*
      PX4FMU plus PX4IO Wiring
   eCalc Motor and Prop Efficiency Guide
Use-Cases and Applications*
   3d Mapping*
   Web Apps*
   First Person View (FPV)
Antenna Tracking
   Mission Planner Antenna Tracking*
   Antenna Design Overview*
Appendix*
   Glossary*
   Wiki Editing Guide*
   Archived Topics*
      Disabling the Built In GPS on APM2*
      GPS Module*
      External Compass*
      VR Gimbal*
      Modes de vol (fr)
      MagAPM2 (fr)
      Connexion RC (fr)
      Capteur de tension & courant (fr)
      Carte APM2.5 (fr)
      Téléchargement-installation du logiciel Mission Planner et chargement du micrologiciel
      Téléchargement du programme
      Premier paramètrage de l'APM
      Install Mission Planner (Korean)*

                                                                  65
     Documentation Tests*
 Fixed Wing FAQ
 Full Table of Contents*
META
Log in
Entries RSS

Sponsored by 3DRobotics

                                                                   66
