September 21, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12935
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA-2015-2473

Mr. Robert Grant
KRPC Channel 2
8181 Southwest Freeway
Houston, TX 77074

Dear Mr. Grant:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter posted to the public docket June 26, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation
Administration (FAA) on behalf of KRPC Channel 2 (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for
an exemption. The petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to
conduct aerial photography and videography.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a DJI Phantom 2.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C.  44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
                                                                                                                 2

aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, KRPC Channel 2 is granted an exemption from 14 CFR
㎣ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121,
91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to the
extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, KRPC Channel 2 is hereafter referred to as the operator.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                                                 3

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom 2
         when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any
         other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
         must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
         documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
         Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
         limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
         the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
         Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
         documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
         operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
                                                                                                            4

    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR  61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
                                                                                                            5

    14 CFR  61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR  91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR  1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.
                                                                                                               6

   23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
       any documents required under 14 CFR ㎣ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
       PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
       These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
       official upon request.

   24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
       activities at all times.

   25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

   26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
       persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
          a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
             from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
             that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
             where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
             the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
             of nonparticipating persons; and
          b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
             for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
             the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
             present an undue hazard.

       The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
       nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

   27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
       permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
       Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
       obtained for each flight to be conducted.

   28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
       boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
       to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
       reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
       contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

   29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
       as documented in this grant of exemption.
                                                                                                                 7

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.

This exemption terminates on September 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
To Whom It May Concern:

In pursuant with Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of2012 and 14
C.F.R. Part 11, KPRC CHANNEL 2, A Graham Media company an operator of a small
Unmanned Aircraft System (sUAS) and television industry, seeks an exemption from the
Federal Aviation Regulations (FARs) to allow commercial operations and news gathering
of its sUAS. Regulations ("FARs") to allow commercial operation of its sUASs, so long
as such operations are conducted within and under the conditions outlined herein or as
may be established by the FAA as required by Section 333.

As described more fully below, the requested exemption would permit the operation of
small, unmanned and relatively inexpensive sUAS under controlled conditions in
airspace that is limited, predetermined, controlled as to access and would provide safety
enhancements to the already safe operations in the film and television industry presently
using conventional aircraft. Approval of this exemption would thereby enhance safety
and fulfill the Secretary of Transportation's (the FAA Administrator's) responsibilities to
"...establish requirements for the safe operation of such aircraft systems in the national
airspace system." Section 333(c) of the Reform Act.

Information Supporting this Petition as Specified in 14 C.F.R. 11.81

(a) Your name and mailing address and, if you wish, other contact information such as a
fax number, telephone number, or e-mail address;

Robert Grant KPRC CHANNEL 2 News.
8181 SouthWest Freeway
Houston TX, 77074-1705

Email: rgrant@kprc.com

(b) The specific section or sections of 14 C.F.R. from which KPRC CHANNEL 2 seeks
an exemption

   2 1 - Subpart H Certification procedures for products and parts, Airworthiness

        Certificates

   45.23 - Display of marks; general

   61.113- Private pilot privileges and limitations: Pilot in command

   91.103- Preflight Actions

   91.105- Flight crewmembers at stations

   91.109- Flight instruction; Simulated instrument flight and certain flight tests
.f)

   91.119- Minimum safe altitudes: General

   91.121-Altimetersettings

   91.151- Fuel requirements for flights in Visual Flight Rules (VFR) conditions

   91.203 -Civil aircraft: certification required

   91.405- Maintenance required

   91.407- Operation after maintenance, preventative maintenance, rebuilding, and
        alteration

   91.409 -Inspections

   91.417 - Maintenance records
        (c) The extent of relief Channel 2 seeks, and the reason Channel 2 seeks the relief
        Channel 2 seeks an exemption for several provisions of 14 C.F.R. Parts 21, 45, 61,
        and 91 to the extent to operate small UASs to record aerial video for commercial
        and News worthy purposes.
        This exemption application is expressly submitted to fulfill Congress' goal in
        passing Section 333(a) through (c) of the Reform Act. This law directs the
        Secretary of Transportation to consider whether certain unmanned aircraft systems
        may operate safely in the national airspace system (NAS) before completion of the
        rulemaking required under Section 332 of the Reform Act. In making this
        determination, the Secretary is required to determine which types of UASs do not
        create a hazard to users of the NAS or the public or pose a threat to national
        security in light of the following:

           The UAS's size, weight, speed, and operational capability;

           Operation of the UAS in close proximity to airports and populated areas;
                and

           Operation of the UAS within visual line of sight of the operator.
                Reform Act 333 (a). Lastly, if the Secretary determines that such vehicles
                "may operate safely in the national airspace system, the Secretary shall
                establish requirements for the safe operation of such aircraft in the national
                airspace system"
                The Federal Aviation Act expressly grants the FAA the authority to issue
                exemptions. This statutory authority by its terms includes exempting civil
                aircraft, as the term is defined under 40101 of the Act, that includes
                sUASs, from the requirement that all civil aircraft must have a current
                airworthiness certificate.
                The Administrator may grant an exemption from a requirement of a
                regulation prescribed under subsection (a) or (b) of this section or any
                sections 44702-44716 of this title if the Administrator finds the exemption
                in the public interest. 49 U.S.C. 44701(f) See also 49 USC 44711(a); 49
                USC 44704; 14CFR91.203 (a) (1).

              14 C.F.R. 21 - Subpart H Certification procedures for products and

                parts, Airworthiness Certificates

              Channel 2 seeks exemption from 14 C.F.R. 21, Subpart Hwhich states the

                certification procedures for products and parts as well as airworthiness
                certificates. The sUAS to be operated hereunder is less than 55 lbs. fully
                loaded, carries neither a pilot nor passenger, carries no explosive materials
                or flammable liquid fuels, and operates exclusively within a secured area as
                set out in the Manual. Unlike other civil aircraft, operations under this
                exemption will be tightly controlled and monitored by both the operator,
                pursuant to the Manual's requirements, and under the requirements and in
                compliance with local public safety requirements, to provide security for
                the area of operation as is now done with conventional filming. The FAA
                will have advance notice of all operations. These safety enhancements,
                which already apply to civil aircraft operated in connection with motion
                picture and television production, provide a greater degree of safety to the
                public and property owners than conventional operations conducted with
                airworthiness certificates issued under 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H. Lastly,
                application of these same criteria demonstrates that there is no credible
                threat to national security posed by the UAS, due to its size, speed of
                operation, location of operation, lack of

explosive materials or flammable liquid fuels, and inability to carry a substantial external
load. Channel 2 has developed our own training procedures and regulations to promote
and provide safe flying experiences for our PIC(s) which can be viewed in section (e) of
this petition. Unlike other civil aircraft, operations under this exemption will be tightly
controlled and monitored by both the operator, pursuant to the Manual's requirements,
and under the requirements and in compliance with local public safety requirements, to
provide security for the area of operation.

14 C.F.R.  45.23 (b). Marking ofthe Aircraft
Channel 2 seeks exemption from 14 C.F.R. 45.23, which discusses the display of marks.
Specifically,

section 45.23 states, "(a) each operator of an aircraft must display on that aircraft marks
consisting of the Roman capital letter "N" (denoting United States registration) followed
by the registration number of the aircraft. Each suffix letter used in the marks displayed
must also be a Roman capital letter (b) when marks include only the Roman capital letter
"N" and the registration number is displayed on limited, restricted or light-sport category
aircraft or experimental or provisionally certificated aircraft, the operator must also
display on that aircraft near each entrance to the cabin, cockpit, or pilot station, in letters
not less than 2 inches nor more than 6 inches high, the words "limited," "restricted,"
"light- sport," "experimental," or "provisional," as applicable".

Channel 2 will need exemption from this regulation due to the small size of the aircraft
and that there is no cabin, cockpit, or pilot station for the aircraft. The words
"Experimental" has been placed on the fuselage in compliance with 45.29 (f) where the
pilot, observer and others working with the sUAV will see the identification of the UAS
as "Experimental." The FAA has issued the following exemptions to this regulation to
Exemptions Nos. 10700, 8738, 10167 and 10167A.

14 C.F.R.  61.113 (a) & (b): Private Pilot Privileges and Limitations: Pilot in
Command. OpenSky seeks exemption from 14 C.F.R. 61.113, which discusses private
pilot privileges and limitations for the Pilot in command (PIC).

Channel 2 is seeking exemption from this regulation, because OpenSky believes that
there is inconclusive evidence that a person with a private pilot certificate can
successfully maneuver a sUAS without first hand flight experience with the particular
sUAS. In fact, having a private pilot license does not automatically ensure competence at
flying an sUAS in 3rct person view as required to properly operate an sUAS within the
required line of sight. However, we believe that the PIC and our FOVO (Field Operation
Visual Observer) must be able to understand and correctly interact with the general
aviation community. Therefore, we believe our own flight training with the sUAS will be
more than satisfactory. Our PIC and FOVO will be both certified in Ground School
training to be able to properly interact with General Aviation protocols. They will also
actively pursue a private pilot's license as well have the necessary medical qualifications.

14 C.F.R. 91.103- Preflight Actions

Channel 2 seeks exemption from 14 C.F.R. 91.103 which states that each pilot in
command shall, before beginning a flight, become familiar with all available information
concerning that flight. This information must include: (a) For a flight under IFR or a
flight not in the vicinity of an airport, weather reports and forecasts, fuel requirements,
alternatives available if the planned flight cannot be completed, and any known traffic
delays of which the pilot in command has been advised by ATC; actions, including
reviewing weather, flight battery requirements, landing and takeoff distances, and aircraft
performance data before starting a flight.

Channel 2 will be operating our sUAS in VFR. Our operations manual already includes
preflight procedures directly pertaining to our sUAS which includes equipment checklist
as well a preplanning details regarding weather conditions, review of any possible flight
path of general aviation, our mission flight path and weather conditions amongst other
parameters required to complete the mission.

14 C.F.R. 91.119- Minimum safe altitudes: General

Channel 2 seeks exemption from 14 C.F.R. 91.119, which discusses minimum safe
altitudes. As this exemption is for a sUAS that is a helicopter and the exemption requests
authority to operate at altitudes up to 400 AGL, or not more than 200 above an elevated
platform from which filming is planned, an exemption may be needed to allow such
operations. As set forth herein, except for the limited conditions stated in the Manual, the
UAS will never operate at higher than 400 AGL. It will however be operated in a
restricted area with security perimeter, where buildings and people will not be exposed to
operations without their pre-obtained consent.

The equivalent level of safety will be achieved given the size, weight, speed of the UAS
as well as the location where it is operated. No flight will be taken without the permission
of the property owner or local officials. Because of the advance notice to the property
owner and participants in the filming activity, all affected individuals will be aware of the
planned flight operations as set forth in the Manual. Compared to flight operations with
aircraft or rotorcraft weighting far more than the maximum 55lbs. proposed herein and
the lack of flammable fuel, any risk associated with these operations is far less than those
presently presented with conventional aircraft operating at or below 500 AGL in the
movie industry. In addition, the low-altitude operations of the sUAS will ensure
separation between these small- UAS operations and the operations of conventional
aircraft that must comply with Section 91.119.

14 C.F.R. 91.121- Altimeter settings

Channel 2 seeks exemption from 14 C.F.R. 91.121, which discusses altimeter settings for
lowest usable flight level.
C.F.R. 91121 states,
Current altimeter setting

29.92 (or higher) 29.91 through 29.42 29.41 through 28.92

28.91 through 28.42 28.41 through 27.92 27.91 through 27.42 27.41 through 26.92

Lowest usable flight level 180
185
190

195 200 205 210

_l
(c) To convert minimum altitude prescribed under ㎣91.119 and 91.177 to the minimum
flight level, the pilot shall take the flight level equivalent of the minimum altitude in feet

and add the appropriate n u m b e r o H e e t s p e c 1 " f 1 e d b e I o w , a c c o r d ' m g
t o t h e c u r r e n t r e p o r t e d a I t 1. m e t e r s e t t m g : "

Current altimeter setting

29.92 (or higher) 29.91 through 29.42 29.41 through 28.92 28.91 through 28.42 28.41
through 27.92 27.91 through 27.42 27.41 through 26.92

Adjustment factor None
500
1,000

1,500 2,000 2,500 3,000

Channel 2s UAS uses both GPS altitude and barometric sensors and relays that
information to our ground station. However, this data is used help the sUAS to
automatically maintain position hold at the required elevation and therefore this code is
not pertinent the functionality of this sUAS.

14 C.F.R. 91.151- Fuel requirements for flights in Visual Flight Rules (VFR)
conditions

Channel 2 seeks exemption from 14 C.F.R. 91.151, which discusses fuel requirements
for flight in VFR conditions. Specifically, 91.151 states "(a) No person may begin a flight
in an airplane under VFR conditions unless (considering wind and forecast weather
conditions) there is enough fuel to fly to the first point ofintended landing and, assuming

normal cruising speed- (1) During the day, to fly after that for at least 30 minutes; or (2)

At night, to fly after that for at least 45 minutes. (b) No person may begin a flight in a
rotorcraft under VFR conditions unless (considering wind and forecast weather
conditions) there is enough fuel to fly to the first point of intended landing and, assuming
normal cruising speed, to fly after that for at least 20 minutes".

Channel 2 sUAS has a typical mission time ofless than 10 minutes with maximum flight
time of 25 minutes. Since this amount less than the 30 minute reserve minimum, this
reserve minimum would not even make sense in allowing the sUAS a chance to fly.
According to OpenSky's aircraft flight manual, the PIC is instructed to maintain flight
until battery power reaches 25%, or 1st level warning. At this level, landing procedures
will be intiated. Once the sUAS reads 20%, 2nd level warning, the flight control system
automatically take over and initiates safe landing sequence at the logged in takeoff point.
Channel 2 policy outlined in our Flight Operations Manual achieves satisfactory safety
standards.
Channel 2 believes that an appropriate and current airworthiness certificate would not be
necessary to fly a sUAS given the size of the aircraft and the necessary level of skill
needed to operate the aircraft. Before putting in to service, each of our sUAS goes
through our own airworthiness proceedures of miminum test flight and reliability checks.
Also, our sUAS are recalibrated each at the site location before each flight to ensure that
all systems functions as designed. OpenSky seeks exemption from this regulation because
we believe this rule was not meant for a sUAS and operators.

14 C.F.R. 91.405, 91.407, 91.409, and 91.417

Channel 2 seeks exemption from 14 C.F.R. 91.405, 91.407, 91.409, and 91.417, which
discusses required aircraft maintenance, operation after maintenance, preventive
maintenance, rebuilding, or alteration, inspections, and maintenance records. In Channel
2 aircraft flight manual, maintenance and inspection procedures have been established for
the aircraft. Channel 2 believes these regulations are meant for manned operated aircrafts
and not unmanned systems, therefore making them unnecessary. Nevertheless, we seek
an exemption from any such specific provisions to the extent FAA finds it necessary to
grant this request.

(d) The reasons why granting Channel 2's request would be in the public interest; that is,
how it would

benefit the public as a whole.

Channel 2 is classified as an News organization and provides news worthy images to
viewers. Channel 2`s use of a sUAS can assist in making task safer and minimize human
exposure to being at dangerous elevations. Channel 2`s sUAS usage in the aerial
Commercial and News gathering cinematography will also reduce the time required to
captured the needed scenes as compared to convention helicopters or airplanes.
Ultimately, the result is quick completion of task an reduction of dangerous elevation
perspective needs.

(e) The reasons why granting the exemption would not adversely affect safety, or how the
exemption would provide a level of safety at least equal to that provided by the rule from
which Channel 2 seeks exemption Our Engineering department will provide a level of
safety that exceeds the level of safety required by the FAA for its use on sUAS. The
following are Channel 2`s safety procedures, features, regulations, and operating
specifications for our sUAS:

   The Pilot In Command (PIC) and Field Operations Visual Observer (FOVO) will
        be required to wear hard hats, safety vests, and safety glasses to protect the head
     and eyes from potential mishaps during given operational flights including training
     or testing of sUAS.

 The flight area of the sUAS will be observed for best take off and landing
     locations. Desired conditions include: flat and level surfaces clear of debris, at
     least 15ft from power lines and structures, and a minimum distance of 12ft from
     the PIC and observers.

 The sUAS will also be in the Visual Line of Sight (VLOS) to both the PIC and
     FOVO during all flights.

 Flights must take place during good weather conditions with no rain, low laying
     clouds, or heavy winds. All flights will take place during daylight hours with no
     evening or late night flights.

 The PIC(s) of the sUAS will at least have 12 training hours or 24 flights accrued
     before being designated working flights.

 All batteries must be charged completely before each flight and each flight must
     end when the battery has a 30% power level remaining.

 A visual safety inspection will occur before each flight, testing propeller tightness,
     security mount of camera/detection equipment, remote range test, and proper
     safety equipment is adorned to PIC and FOVO.

 The sUAS will be flown under a height of 500 ft AGL.

 No PIC or FOVO will engage in, nor may a PIC or FOVO permit, any activity
     during a critical
     phase of flight so as to ensure that the sUAS is in a condition for safe flight
     operation and in a
     configuration appropriate for the purpose ofthe intended flight.

 If there is more than just an operator at a site during a flight, the PIC operator and
     observer
     or FOVO will maintain two-way communication with each other during all
     operations; if unable to maintain two-way communications, or if any condition
     occurs that may otherwise cause the operation to be unsafe, the operator will
     immediately conclude the operation.

 If the communication link is lost, the sUAS will go into fail-safe mode and safely
     descend to its designated home-point location. If the communication link is
     reconnected during fail-safe mode, control ofthe sUAS can be regained before
     landing occurs at the home-point location.
   There is no fuel or payload to the sUAS, therefore there will be no potential
        explosives or risk of explosion if a crash occurs with the sUAS.

   The sUAS will feature a built in compass that will be recalibrated at every site to
        maintain accurate directional readings. The compass will also help in keeping the
        sUAS stable during

flights.

   The sUAS will record GPS location data once Ready to Fly status has been

        obtained. A
        minimum of 6 satellites will activate the Ready to Fly status.

   The weight of the sUAS is less than 20 lbs.

   The aircrafts vertical and horizontal aspect concerning hovering accuracy is less

        than 0.5m
        and 1.5m respectfully. With a maximum wind resistance of 18mph.

   The typical aircraft wheelbase will be less than 1OOOmm in length.

   The aircraft runs off a Li-Po battery.

        (f) A summary FAA can publish in the FEDERAL REGISTER, stating: (1) The
        rule from which you seek the exemption; and (2) A brief description of the nature
        of the exemption you seek
        Petitioner:KPRC CHANNEL 2 News A GRAHAM MEDIA GROUP, LLC.
        Sections of 14 C.F.R. Affected: 21 Subpart H; 45.23(b); 61.113(a)(b); 91.103;
        91.105; 91.109; 91.119(c); 91.121(a)(1)(iii); 91.151(a)(1); 91.203; 91.405; 91.407;
        91.409; and 91.417
        Description of Relief Sought: Petitioner seeks relief from the requirements of 14
        C.F.R. 21 Subpart H; 45.23(b); 61.113(a)(b); 91.103; 91.105; 91.109; 91.119(c);
        91.121(a)(1)(iii); 91.151(a)(1); 91.203; 91.405; 91.407; 91.409; and 91.417 to
        Cinematographic filming subject to operating procedures that meet or exceed
        those that FAA requires.
        (g) Any additional information, views or arguments available to support your
        request Please see the introduction to this exemption request.
        (h) If you want to exercise the privileges of your exemption outside of the United
        States, the reason why you need to do so
        The Operations described in this exemption request will be conducted wholly
        within the United States.
        Attached hereto, and submitted as a confidential document, is our Field
        Operations Manual. We respectfully submit that good cause exists so that this
        confidential manual does not need to be published in the Federal Register.
Please do not hesitate to contact me via email at rgrant@kprc.com if you have any
questions
