August 4, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12332
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­1660

Mr. Darrell J. Green, LLC
Counsel for Land Air Beyond Photography, LLC
770 South Willow Park Drive
Lehi, UT 84043

Dear Mr. Green:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated May 3, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of Land Air Beyond Photography, LLC (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an
exemption. The petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to
conduct aerial videography and photography.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner are the DJI Phantom 2 and DJI Inspire 1.
                                                                                                                 2

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1 and closed set motion picture and
filming. The FAA has issued grants of exemption in circumstances similar in all material
respects to those presented in your petition. In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus
Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352), 11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and
11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the
enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned aircraft (UA) with the specifications described
by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or crew, rather than a manned aircraft of
significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA
good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Land Air Beyond Photography, LLC is granted an
exemption from 14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a),
91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and
91.417(a) and (b), to the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                                                 3

aerial data collection and closed set motion picture and filming. This exemption is subject to
the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Land Air Beyond Photography, LLC is hereafter referred to as
the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom 2 and
         DJI Inspire 1 when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed
         operations of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this
         exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming
         are permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
         must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
                                                                                                            4

    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
                                                                                                            5

    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
                                                                                       6

exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial

    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must

    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical

    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
                                                                                               7

reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
    as documented in this grant of exemption.

30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
    exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
    District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
    notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
    must include at least the following:
      a. Dates and times for all flights;
      b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
          under this grant of exemption;
      c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
          the UAS;
      d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
      e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
      f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
          and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
          who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
      g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
      h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
          town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
          essential to accomplish the operation.

31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons

    consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
    exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                      8

This exemption terminates on August 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.
Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
                                  The Law Office of Darrell J. Green, LLC
                                           770 S. Willow Park Drive
                                                 Lehi, UT 84043
                                              Telephone: (660) 624-2181

                                         Email : geen.7 7 A @comcast.net

May 3,2015

VIA ELECTRONIC SUBMISSION

Federal Docket Manasement Website
U. S. Department of Transportation
Docket Management System
1200NewJerseyAve., SE

Washington, DC 2059A

Re: Request for Exemption pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modemization and Reform

         Actof 2012 and 14. C.F.R. Part l1

Dear Sir or Madam:

Land Air Beyond Photography, LLC (Land Air) is a business for the purpose of conductingaeial
videography and photography and an owner of a Small Unmanned Aircraft Systems "sI-IASs."
This sUAS is equipped with video and photographic equipment for the pu{pose of conducting:

          1. Aerial videography and photography for real estate, media and advertising industries
         2. Video filming and photography by air for business, public and private use.

All operations will be conducted in pre-planned, controlled access property, private and public

areas.

        Land Air is requesting regulatory and statutory relief pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA

Modemization and Reform Act of 2012 (the Reform Act) and 14 C.F.R. Part 11 to allow
commercial operations of its sUAS. These operations will be conducted pursuant to the

conditions described within this request and in accordance with those established by the Federal
Aviation Administration (FAA) and as required by Section 333 of the Reform Act. Granting the

requested exemption would permit the operation of small, unmanned aircraft systems under

controlled conditions in airspace that is limited and predetermined over private, controlled access

property or public property where approved and will do so with the property owner's consent
and knowledge. Only people who have consented or otherwise agreed will be in the area where
videography and photography will take place. All permissions, authorizations, permits, grants or

other required authorizations would be secured prior to operation.

         Granting this exemption would enhance the already safe operations in aerial videography

and photography in the aforementioned industries. This in turn fulfills the Secretary of

Transportation's (the FAA Administrator's) responsibilities to "...establish requirements for the
safe operation of such aircraft systems in the national airspace system" (The Reform Act, Section

333(c)).
The name and address of the applicant is:

Land Air Beyond Photography,LLc

Attn:  Mr. Ron Kendell

Telephone: (801) 430-6297

Email: alronkendell@hotmail.com
Address: 2045 West 700 South, Ogden, UT 84404

I. FAA authoritlr for graqting exemptions

         Section 333 (a) through (c) of the Reform Act required the Secretary of Transportation

". . . . to determine if certain trnmanned aircraft systems may operate safely in the national

airspace system before completion of the plan and rulemaking required by section 332 of this
Act or the guidance required by section 334 of this Act."

      The Secretary is required to assess the UASs and determine if the UAS may safely

operate in the National Air Space (NAS) based upon the following criteria:

      .(1) . . their size, weight, speed, operational capability, proximity to airports and

         populated arees, and operation within visual line of sighr [emphasis added] do not create
          ahazard to users of the national airspace system or the public or pose a threat to national
          security; and

      (2) whether a certificate of waiver, certificate of authorization, or airworthiness

        certification under section 44704 of title 49, United States Code, is required for the

          operation of unmanned aircraft systems identified under paragraph (1).

       The Secretary is then required to ". . . establish requirements for the safe operation of

such aircraft systems in the national airspace system." Reform Act, Sec. 333 (c). Pursuant to this
requirement the Secretary may define conditions (through the Federal Aviation Administration)
for the safe operation of the UAS.

        Granting this request for exemption would fulfrlt Congress' goal in passing Section

333(a) through (c) of the Reform Act and the Federal Aviation Act.

I Request will benefit the public as a whole

         The Administrator may grant an exemption from a requirement of a regulation prescribed

under Section 333 of the Reform Act if the Administator finds the exemption in the public

interest.

        Land Air's Unmanned Aircraft (UA) are the DJI Phantom Vision and the DJI Inspire 1
rotorcraft, weighing 55 pounds or less, including payload. Land Air's request fits the defined
criteria as established by Congress and the FAA based upon the small size of the sUAS involved
and the predetermined environment within which it will operate. Due to the defined operational

parameters there are no national security issues. Based upon the intent and specific language as

                                           Page2ofll
provided in Section 333 of the Reform Act and the authority of the FAA, there exist a significant
public benefit for granting this exemption.

        The ability to gather the images of nature for publication, not otherwise available to

capture, will allow states to promote tourism. This in turn wil increase state and local

economies in a more economic and safe basis by preserving natural and wildlife environments.
These images can be captured with a reduction in the environmental impact as set forth in the
next section of this request. The ability to video and photograph images for the media and

advertising industry will allows for a superior product at a lower cost due to the increased

dexterity of the sUAS.

         The ability to video and photograph images for the real estate, media and advertising

industry will enhance the academic community awareness and augment real estate listings and

advertisements. Granting this exemption further benefits the public by improving safety and
reducing risk oo . . . by alleviating human exposure to danger associated with current aerial survey
and inspection methods, namely, full size helicopters. Manned helicopters performing
photography or videography have experienced an exceedingly high number ofaccidents and
fatalities. Helicopter crashes have taken more lives on film sets than any other type of accident in
modern times. Since 1980, 33 film and TV workers nearly one a year have been killed in

- -helicopter accidents around the world, 14 in the U.S. and 15 more for American companies

shooting abroad. The public's interest is furthered by reducing human exposure to death or
serious injury associated with manned aircraft performing these services" Jeffrey Hug dba

jefflrug360, Exemption No. ll43l, Regulatory Docket No. FAA-2015-0169

m. Aircraft and Equivalent Level of Safet),

         Land Air asserts that the exemption requested applies to civil aircraft (sUAS) described

within this application. The enhanced safety (set forth in detail below) is coupled with a
reduction in environmental impacts such as reduced emissions as compared to a full scale

aircraft.,less expensive personnel and equipment costs, and reduced noise. These limitations

provide for at least an equivalent or even higher level of safety to operations under the current
regulatory structure because the proposed operations represent a safety enhancement to the
already safe aerial video, photography and aerial data collections operations conducted with

conventional aircraft.

        These limitations and conditions to which Land Air agrees to be bound that provide
the equivalent level of safety when conducting commercial operations under an FAA issued

exemption include:

   l. Operations limited to the DJI Phantom series and DJI Inspire 1 aircraft which weigh less

          than 55 pounds including payload.

   2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming will not be

        conducted without an FAA approved Motion Picture and Television and Operations

           manual.

                                                               Page 3 of11
3. The UA will not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). In no
   case will the UA be operated at airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating

   airspeed recoillmended by the aircraft manufacturer. (Appendix A - DJI Phantom 2 Users

    Manual and Appendix F -DJI Inspire 1 User Manual vl.0).

4. Maximum total flight time for each operational flight will be 30 minutes. Flights will be
   terminated at 25% battery power reserye should that occur prior to the 30 minute
    limit.

5. The UA will be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level

    (AGL). Altitudes will be reported in feet AGL.

6. The UA will be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times. This
   requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or

    U.S. driver's license.

7. All operations will utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA will be operated within the

    visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used to

    satisff the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS capability. The

   VO and PIC will be able to communicate verbally at alltimes. Electronic messaging or
    texting will not be permitted during flight operations. The PIC will be designated before
   the flight and will not transfer his or her designation for the duration of the flight. The
    PIC will ensure that the VO can perform the duties required of the VO.

8. All documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its operations in accordance with

   the conditions and limitations in a grant of exemption (hereinafter refemed to as the
    operating documents) will be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the

    Adminishator upon request.

9. The UA will operate only in predetermined private, controlled access or public property

    where approved and will do so with the property owner's consent and knowledge and that
    only people who have consented or otherwise have agreed will be in the area where aerial
   videography and photography will take place. All permissions, authorizations, permits,
    grants or other required authorizations will be secured prior to operation.

10. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation or

    flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, will undergo a
    functional test flight prior to conducting further operations. Functional test flights will
    only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and will remain at least 500 feet from other
    people. The functional test flight will be conducted in such a manner so as to not pose an

     undue hazard to persons and property.

11. Land Air is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is in a
    condition for safe operation. (Appendix A: DJI Phantom 2 Users Manual; Appendix B:

                                                  Page4ofll
    Smart Flight Battery Safety Guidelines; Appendix F - DJI Inspire 1 User Manual v1.0);

   Appendix H - lnspire I Maintenance Manual Vl.0.)

12. Prior to each flight, the PIC will conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the UAS is

   in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection will account for all potential

    discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the inspection reveals
   a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft will not be operated
   until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the UAS is found to be in a

   condition for safe flight. (Appendix A - DJI Phantom 2 Users Manual; Appendix F -DJI

   Inspire I User Manual vl.0).).

13. Land Air will follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul, replacement,

   inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and aircraft components. (See

    Appendix for manuals).

14. Each UAS operated under the exemption will comply with all manufacturer safety

    bulletins.

15. The PIC will hold either an airline transport, commercial, private, recreational, or sport
   pilot certificate. The PIC will also hold a current FAA airman medical certificate or a
   valid U.S. driver's license issued by a state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a
   territory, a possession, or the Federal government. The PIC will also meet the flight
    review requirements specified in 14 CFR $ 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated

    on his or her pilot certificate.

16. Land Air will not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated under

    the exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and maintaining appropriate

    distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC qualification flight hours
   and currency will be logged in a manner consistent with 14 CFR $ 61.51(b). Flights for

   the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs (training, proficiency, md

    experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to safely operate the UAS in a
   manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated under the terms of the exemption
    in accordance with the Phantom Pilot Training Guide (Appendix C) prior to conducting
   conventional operations or the DJI Inspire 1 User Manual (Appendix F). Training
   operations will only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During training,
    proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for flight operations
    are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC will operate the UA with appropriate distance
    from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR $ 91.119.

17. UAS operations will not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR $ l.l. All

    operations will be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC).

18. The UA will not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as

    denoted in the current FAA AirportlFacility Directory (AFD) or for airports not denoted
    with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current FAA-published

                                                  Page5ofll
   aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's management is

    obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption holder. The letter of
    agreement wittr the airport management will be made available to the Administrator or

    any law enforcement official upon request.

19. The UA will not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet horizontally
    from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

20.If the UA loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA will return to a pre-

    determined location within the private, controlled-access or public property.

2l.T\e PIC will abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

22.The PIC will not begin a flight unless (considering wind and forecast weather conditions)
    there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the intended operation and to
    operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve power recommended by the
    manufacturer if greater.

At23. Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). A11

    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The exemption

   holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct operations that

    cannot be conducted under the terms of the granted COA.

24. All aircrafr. operated in accordance with the proposed exemption will be identified by
    serial number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings will be

     as large as practicable.

25. Documents used by Land Air to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UA and any
    documents required under 14 CFR $$ 91.9 and9l.2A3 will be available to the PIC at the
    Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating. These documents
    will be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

26,The UA will remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and activities at

     all times.

27.The UA will not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

28. A11 Flight operations will be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating

     persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:

       a. Barriers or structures are present that sufflrciently protect nonparticipating persons

            from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator will ensure
           that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
            where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
            the UA, flight operations will cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety

               of nonparticipating persons; and

                                                         Page6of11
   b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission

        for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of

         the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not present

          an undue hazard.

The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons will not considered nonparticipating

persons under a proposed exemption.

29. All operations will be conducted over private, controlled-access or public property with

    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative. Permission

   from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be obtained for each

    flight to be conducted.

30. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical

    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA will be reported to
    the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS*80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be

    reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions contained

    on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

31.If the exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and

television filming and production, Land Air:

   a. Must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM) as

    approved by the Federal Aviation Administration.

b. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by the

proposed exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight
Standards District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed

filming. The 3-day notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO.

The plan of activities must include at least the following:

       i. Dates and times for all flights;
       ii. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial

        filming conducted under this grant of exemption;

iii. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-

        scene operation of the UAS;

iv. Make, model, and serial orN-Number of UAS to be used;
v. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial

       filming;

vi. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from

      property owners and/or local officials to conduct the filming

       production event; the list of those who gave permission must be

vii.   made available to the inspector upon request;
viii.
       Signature of exemption holder or representative; and

       A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of
       any area, city, town, county, and/or state over which filming will

       be conducted and the altitudes essential to accomplish the

       operation.

                   Page7ofl1
    32. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
        consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         operator MPTOM.

    33. The DJI Phantom 2 User's Manual (Appendix A) sets forth the specifications of the
       UAS. The DJI Inspire I User's Manual (Appendix F) sets forth the specifications of the

         UAS.

IV. Reeulations frop which the exemption is requested

         14 C.F.R. Partzl, Subpan H: Airworthiness Certificates 14 C.F.R. $91.203 (a) (1)

        Subpart H, entitled Airworthiness Certificates, establishes the procedural requirements
for the issuance of airworthiness certificates as required by FAR $91.203 (a) (1). The Federal
Aviation Act (49 U.S.C.$44701 (0) and Section 333 of the Reform Act both authorize the

FAA to exempt aircraft from the requirement for an airworthiness certificate, upon

consideration of the size, weight, speed, operational capability, and proximity to airports and

populated areas of the particular UAS.

      Part 2l prescribes, in pertinent part, the procedural requirements for issuing and

changing design approvals, production approvals, airworthiness certificates, and airworthiness
approvals.

         PartZ7 sets forth airworthiness standards for normal category rotorcraft

         14 C.F.R. $61.23 ,(a) & (.c) prescribes, in pertinent part Operations requiring a medical
certificate and holding and possessing either a medical certificate issued under part 67 of this

chapter or a U.S. driver's license under certain conditions

       la C.F.R. $61.101 (eX.a) and (5) prescribes in pertinent part the prohibition of a

recreational pilot acting as a PIC for compensation or hire and in furtherance of a business

        14 C.F.R. $61.113 (a) & (b) prescribes in pertinent part the prohibition that no person

who holds a private pilot certificate may act as pilot in command of an aircraft that is carrying
passengers or property for compensation or hire; nor may that person, for compensation or
hire, act as pilot in command of an aircraft.

         14 C.F.R. $61.315 (a): $61.315 prescribes in pertinent part the privileges and limits
of a sport pilot certificate.

      I14 C.F.R. 91.7(a) prescribes, in pertinent part, that no person may operate a civil

aircraft unless it is in an airworthy condition,

       14 C.F.R. $ 91.9[b] (2) prohibits operation of U.S. registered civil aircraft unless there is

available in the aircraft a current approved Airplane or Rotorcraft Flight Manual, approved

manual material, markings, and placards, or any combination thereof.

                                                         PageSofll
        14 C.F.R. $ 91.103tb1 states, in pertinent part, that each pilot in command shall,

before beginning a flight, become familiar with all available information conceming that flight, to
include, "For any flight, runway lengths at airports of intended use, and the following takeoff and
landing distance information;... For civil aircraft for which an approved Airplane or Rotorcraft
Flight Manual containing takeoff and landing distance data is required, the takeoff and landing
distance data contained therein."

        14 C.F.R. $91.109(d provides that "no person may operate a civil aircraft (except a
manned free balloon) that is being used for flight instruction unless that aircraft has fully

functioning dual contols. "

        Section 9!,119(c) prescribes that, except when necessary for takeoff or landing, no

person may operate an aircraft below the following altitudes: "Over other than congested axeas.
An altitude of 500 feet above the surface, except over open water or sparsely populated axeas.

In those cases, the aircraft may not be operated closer than 500 feet to any person, vessel,

vehicle, or structure. "

        14 C.F.R. $ 91.121 requires, in pertinent part, each person operating an aircraft to
maintain cruising altitude by reference to an altimeter that is set "to the elevation of the

departure airport or an appropriate altimeter setting available before departure."

         14 C.F.R. $ 91.151(a) prescribes that no person may begin a flight in an airplane under
VFR conditions unless (considering wind and forecast weather conditions) there is enough fuel

to fly to the first point of intended landing and, assuming normal cruising speed, (1) during
the day, to fly after that for at least 30 minutes; or (2) at night, to fly after that for at least 45

minutes.

      14 Q.F.R. I 91.203 prohibits, in subpart (a), any person from operating a civil aircraft
unless it has within it (1) an appropriate and current airworthiness certificate; and (2) an

effective U.S. registration certificate issued to its owner or, for operation within the United
States, the second copy of the Aircraft Registration Application as provided for in $ 47,31(cl.
Section 91.203 prescribes, in subpart (b), that no person may operate a civil aircraft unless an

airworthiness certificate or a special flight authorization issued under $ 91.715 legible to

passengers or crew is displayed at the cabin or cockpit entrance.

         14 C.F.R. $ 91.405 lal requires, in pertinent part, that an aircraft operator or owner shall

have the aircraft inspected as prescribed in subpart E of the same part and shall, between

required inspections, except as provided in paragraph (c) of the same section, have

discrepancies repaired as prescribed in Part 43 ofthe chapter.

       la C.F.R. $ 91.a07[al[1] prohibits, in pertinent part, any person from operating an

aircraft that has undergone maintenance, preventative maintenance, rebuilding, or alteration
unless it has been approved for return to service by a person authorized under $ 43.7 of the

same chapter.

        14 C.F.R. $ 91.409[d l2l prescribes, in pertinent part, that no person may operate an

aircraft unless, within the preceding 12 calendar months, It has had an inspection for the issuance

of an airworthiness certificate in accordance with part2l of this chapter.

                                                       Page9ofll
         14 C.F.R. $ 91.417ta) and tbl

These regulations require that an aircraft operator or owner "shall have that aircraft inspected as
prescribed in subpart E of this part and shall between required inspections, except as provided in

paragraph (c) of this section, have discrepancies repaired as prescribed in part 43 of this

chapter...," and others shall inspect or maintain the aircraft in compliance with Part 43.

        14 C.f.R. $45.23 ft). Marking of the Aircraft
The regulation requires: When marks include only the Roman capital letter "N" and the

registration number is displayed on limited, restricted or light-sport category aircraft or
experimental or provisionally certificated aircraft, the operator must also display on that aircraft
near each enkance to the cabin, cockpit, or pilot station, in letters not less than 2 inches nor more
than 6 inches high, the words "limited," "restricted," "light-sporto" "experimental," or
"provisional," as applicable.

Even though the UAS will have no airworthiness certificate, anexemption may be needed as the
UAS will have no enttance to the cabin, cockpit or pilot station on which the "Experimental" can
be placed. Given the size of the sUAS, two-inch lettering will be impossible. The word
"Experimental' will be placed on the frame in compliance with 545.29 (f) at a size suitable for
the available space. The equivalent level of safety will be provided by having the sUAS marked

on its fuselage as required by $a5.29 (f) where the pilot, observer and others working with the

sUAV will see the identification of the UAS as "Experimental." The FAA has issued the

following exemptions to this regulation to Exemptions Nos. 10700, 8738, 10167 and 10167,4..

V. Unnecessary to Publish Request for Exemption in the Federal Register

    The Administrator has stated that it may:
                  o' . . . issue a sufilmary gtant when it finds it has already granted a previous

        exemption similar to the new request. Summary grants are far more efficient

       because they don't need to repeat the analysis performed for the original

         exemption on which they are based. Summary grants are a tool the FAA can use
         in all exemption areas, not just UAS.

                 The FAA's experience in reviewing the Section 333 petitions shows they

       generally fall into two categories: film/television production and aerial data

        collection. Most exemptions in these categories will likely be handled through the

       swnmary grant process. For unique requests, the agency will still publish the
        petition in the Federal Register for public comment and will conduct a detailed

          analysis."

         Federal Aviation Administration. (2015). Petition for Exemption or Rulemaking
          Retrieved March 8,2015, from:
          http://www.faa.sov/reeulationsJolicieslrulemakine/petition/#exemptions

       It is the position of Land Air that this request for exemption is similar in all material

llll2,respects to relief previously requested in Grant of Exemption Nos. 11062,11109, 11110,

1 1158, I I 160, I I 189, ll2l3 and I 1431 and that the reasons for granting the request also apply

to the present situation and a grant of exemption is in the public interest. Therefore, Land Air

                                         Page l0ofll
requests the Administrator issue a sunmary grant of exemption in the instant request.

VI. Suqrgrary Language if Necessary to Publish Request for Exemption in the Federal

          Register

         Should the Administrator deterrnine that this Request for Exemption must be published in
the Federal Register, Land Air provides the following slmlmary for the publication:

         Applicant seeks an exemption from the following rules:

        14 C.F.R. $21, subpart H; 14 C.F.R a5.23(b);14 C.F.R 61.23(a) and (c); 14 CFR
        61.101(e)(a) and (s); l4 C.F.R. $$ 61.113( a) and (b); l4 CFR 61.315(a); 14 C.F.R. 91.7

       (a); 14 C.F.R. el.9 (b) (D; A C.F.R. 91.103(b); 14 C.F.R. 91.109; 14 C.F.R. 91.rle; t4
       C.F.R. 9l.l2l;14 C.F.R. 91.151(a); 14 C.F.R. 91.203(a) and O), 14 C.F.R. 91.405 (a);
        14 C.F.R. 91.407 (a) (l); 14 C.F.R. 91.409 (a) (2); 14 C.F.R. 91.409 (a) (2) and 14 C.F.R.

        91.417 (a) & (b) for the purpose of conducting aerial videography and photography for
         real estate, media and advertising industries and for videography and photography by air
         for business, public and private use in pre-planned, controlled access property, private
         and public areas commercially utilizing a small unmanned vehicle (551bs or less).

Sincerely,

Law Office of Darrell J. Green
Counsel for Land Air Beyond Photography,LLc

                          uilVr,,,,**;-

Land Air Beyond Photography,LLc

Attachments: Appendix A - DJI Phantom 2 Users Manual
              Appendix B - Smart Flight Battery Safety Guidelines

                   Appendix C - DJI Phantom Pilot Training Guide
                   Appendix D - Zenmuse H3-2D User Manual

              Appendix E - Phantom 2 Vision Pilot Training Guide vl.l

                Appendix F - DJI Inspire I User Manual (EN) vl.0
               Appendix G - DJI Inspire I Safety Guidelines vl.0
                Appendix H - Inspire 1 Maintenance Manual Vl.0
               Appendix I - Inspire 1 Quick Start Guide

                                         Page 1l ofll
