May 22, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 11681
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­0717

Mr. Daniel P. Landry
Owner
LandBros Aerial Photography
P.O. Box 840240
New Orleans, LA 70184

Dear Mr. Landry:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated March 16, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of LandBros Aerial Photography, L.L.C. (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an
exemption. The petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to
conduct aerial photography of industrial and commercial facilities.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a DJI Phantom 2.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
                                                                                                                 2

consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, LandBros Aerial Photography, L.L.C. is granted an
exemption from 14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a),
91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and
91.417(a) and (b), to the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform
aerial data collection. This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed
below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, LandBros Aerial Photography, L.L.C. is hereafter referred to as
the operator.
                                                                                                                 3

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom 2
         when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any
         other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
         must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
         documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
         Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
         limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
         the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
         Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
         documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
         operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
         documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
                                                                                                            4

    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
                                                                                                            5

    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.
                                                                                                               6

   23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
       any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
       PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
       These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
       official upon request.

   24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
       activities at all times.

   25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

   26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
       persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
          a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
             from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
             that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
             where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
             the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
             of nonparticipating persons; and
          b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
             for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
             the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
             present an undue hazard.

       The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
       nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

   27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
       permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
       Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
       obtained for each flight to be conducted.

   28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
       boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
       to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
       reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
       contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

   29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
       as documented in this grant of exemption.
                                                                                                                 7

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.

This exemption terminates on May 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
March 16, 2015

Docket Operations, M-30
U.S. Department ofTransportation (DOT)
1200 New Jersey Avenue, SE
Room W12-140, West Building Ground Floor
Washington, D.C. 20590-0001

Subject: Petition to the FAA for Section 333 Exemption

Land Bros Aerial Photography, L.L.C.

Dear Sir or Madam
LandBros Aerial Photography, L.L.C. hereby submits to the Federal Aviation Administration, pursuant to
the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012, an exemption petition, in accordance with Section 333
ofthe Act. Land Bros Aerial Photography, L.L.C. requests to operate commercially its small unmanned
aircraft system (UAS) which is currently regulated by the Federal Aviation Administration.

This letter provides requested information as listed in the FAA's "Public Guidance for Petitions for
Exemptions Filed under Section 333" as described as ofthis date at the FAA website at
https://www.faa.gov/uas/legislative programs/section 333/how to file a petition/

LandBros Aerial Photography, L.L.C. is an experienced aerial photographer in the State of Louisiana. We
are experienced in flying hobby helicopters for recreational purposes. We have flown small RC electric
helicopters for over three (3) years without incident. Safety is our commitment with each flight. An
extensive pre-flight safety checklist is completed and each flight is logged by the operator and verified
by our spotter. Our exemption request would permit operation of ultra-light weight, unmanned (remote
control operated) in tightly controlled and limited airspace. More company information can be viewed
on the company website at www.LandBros.com .

Purpose for the Exemption:
LandBros Aerial Photography, L.L.C. desired to utilize an unmanned aircraft system (UAS), herein
described, to accomplish aerial photography of industrial and commercial facilities.

                                                                                                                                                    1
Contact Information:
LandBros Aerial Photography
PO Box 840240
New Orleans, LA 70184
Office: 225-366-7005
Mobile: 225-803-6642
Email: danny.landrv@ landbros.com
List of Specific Sections of 14 CFR for which exemption is sought:
This listing matches the list on page 7 ofthe FAA's "Public Guidance for Petitions Filed under Section
333", Rev. 9/25/2014.

           14 CFR 21, Subpart H -Airworthiness Certificates
           14 CFR 61.113(a) and (b), Certification: Pilots, Flight Instructors, and Ground Instructors
           14 CFR 91.7 (a), Airworthiness required for operation
           14 CFR 91.103 (b) (2), Preflight action
           14 CFR 91.105, Flight crewmembers at stations
           14 CFR 91.109, Flight instruction
           14 CFR 91.119 (c), Minimum safe altitudes
           14 CFR 91.121, Altimeter settings
           14 CFR 91.151, Fuel requirements for flights in VFR conditions
           14 CFR 91.405 (a), Maintenance required
           14 CFR 91.407 (a) (1), Operation after maintenance
           14 CFR 91.409 (a) (2), Inspections
           14 CFR 91.417 (a) and (b), Maintenance records
           (FURTHER DETAILS ON PAGES 8-11)

                                                                                                                                       2
In accordance with the outline given in the FAA's "Public Guidance for Petitions Filed under Section
333", the following information is provided for each numbered item listed in that guidance:

     1. Aircraft Description

           Design and Operational Characteristics:
                · Land Bros Aerial Photography, L.L.C. plans to operate a Phantom 2 comprised of an
                      unmanned aircraft and a transportable ground station. This aircraft is a quad-copter
                      design with gross weight (battery and propellers included) of 1000 g (2.205 lbs.).
                · The Phantom 2 has a GoPro Hero 4 Black camera for capturing aerial still photographs
                      and videos.
                · It is equipped with four rotors that are driven by battery-powered electric motors.
                      Maximum airspeed is 30 knots.
                · The Phantom 2 includes a Failsafe Function. It activates if the Remote Control is
                     powered off, the Phantom 2 has flown outside effective control range, the signal
                      between the Phantom 2 and the Remote Control is blocked, or if there is interference
                      causing a signal problem. When activated, the Failsafe Function automatically flies the
                      Phantom 2 back to the Home Point (the start location) and lands it. If GPS mode is not
                      active, the Failsafe Function will execute a controlled descend and automatic landing.
                · Through the Phantom 2 Assistant software, each flight operation will be programmed
                      with a maximum radius distance and maximum altitude from the Home Point such that
                      the flight control system will limit operations to within the confines of the property to
                      be surveyed for LandBros or LandBros' Clients. These performance limitation
                      requirements are included in the UAS Operating Procedure contained in Appendix A
                      herein.

           Manufacturer's Documentation:
                      Detailed manufacturer's design information (current to this date) is contained the in the
                     following manuals in the appendices at the end of this document:

                                 · Appendix B- Phantom 2 Specifications

                                 · Appendix C- Phantom 2 Quick Start Guide

                                 · Appendix D- Phantom 2 User Manual

                                 · Appendix E- Phantom 2 Pilot Training Guide

                     For ease of reference, the Phantom 2 is included in FAA Section 333 Exemption No.
                    11138 granted on January 5, 2015 to Douglas Trudeau, Realtor®.

                                                                                                                                         3
2. Procedures for Ensuring UAS Is In a Condition Safe for Flight

           Preflight Checks:
                At a minimum, the following items will be checked prior to initiating any operation. (See
                Appendix A in this document for detailed procedures, Land Bros Aerial Photography,
                L.L.C. Operating Procedure V1.13.4.15)

                           · Operations must be in daylight hours and under visual meteorological
                                 conditions (VMC).

                           · Area to be surveyed is defined on a plot plan drawing with path of flight and
                                 altitudes for each leg ofthe flight clearly marked.

                           · Flight path is at least 500ft. from all non-participating persons, vessels,
                                 vehicles and structures unless protective barriers or structures are present,
                                 or permission is granted or such operations present no hazard to the Pilot in
                                 Command, the Visual Observer, trainees, and other essential persons.

                           · Flight plan and schedule has been reviewed with site leadership and
                                 communicated to all LandBros Aerial Photography, L.L.C. and Client
                                 personnel in the area.

                           · Remote control, smart battery, range extender, and ground station monitor
                                 are fully charged.

                           · Propellers are mounted correctly.
                           · Damping absorbers are in good condition, not dry-rotted or worn.
                           · Anti-drop kits have been mounted correctly.
                           · Micro-SD card has been inserted.
                           · Gimbal is functioning as normal.
                           · Compass has been calibrated.
                           · Flight radius and altitude limits have been set with the Phantom 2 Assistant

                                 software, not to exceed 400ft. AGL altitude, and radius limited to the
                                 property boundaries of Land Bros or Land Bros Client site.
                           · The Visual Observer (VO) is stationed at the required initial observation
                                 point according to the flight plan and in view ofthe Pilot in Command (PIC)
                                 and has means for continual verbal communication.
                           · There are no inoperable components.
                           · All site required safety permits are approved in in possession of the PIC.
                           · Motors can start and function as normal.
                           · Flight Indicator Lights on the aircraft verify that the Home Point is set to
                                 current location.
                           · Record the Preflight Check, date and sign, and file it in the Equipment
                                 Inspection and Maintenance Record Book.

                                                                                                                                              4
3. Radio Frequency (RF) Spectrum for Control

The Remote Control ground station operating frequency is 5.278- 5.85 GHz and is FCC
compliant with communication distance in an open area of 800 m (875 yds.)

Operating Frequency                             5.728 GHz-5.85 GHz
Communication Distance (open area)              FCC Compliance: 800m
Receiver Sensitivity (1%PER)                    -93dBm
Transmitter Power                               FCC Compliance: lOOmW
Working Voltage                                 120 mA@3.7V
Built-in LiPo Battery Working Current/Capacity  3. 7V, 2000mAh

4. Qualifications for The Pilot in Command (PIC)

     Logged Hours:
                The PIC will have accumulated and logged a minimum of 25 hours of total time as a UAS
                rotorcraft pilot with a multi-rotor UAS prior to operations. The PIC will have also
                accumulated and logged a minimum of 5 hours as UAS pilot specifically operating the
                Phantom 2, prior to operations. The PIC will have accomplished, during dedicated
                training sessions, 3 take-offs and landings in the preceding 30 days. Training,
                proficiency, and experience-building flights in dedicated training sessions will be
                included in the accumulated and logged hours.

     Emergency and Evasive Maneuvers:
                The PIC will have demonstrated the ability to safely operate the Phantom 2 in a manner
                consistent with how it will be operated in surveying LandBros Client properties,
                including evasive and emergency maneuvers and maintaining appropriate distances
                from people, vessels, vehicles and structures. The logged hours referenced above will
                document this.

5. Description of Intended UAS Operations

           · Operations will be restricted to Class G airspace.
           · No operations will occur within 5 miles of a non-towered airport reference point as

                denoted on a current FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter agreement with
                the airport's management is obtained, and the operation is conducted in accordance
                with a Notice to Airman (NOTAM) as required by the Certificate of Waiver or Operation
                (COA).
           · The Phantom 2 will be utilized to survey industrial and commercial facilities. The use of
                small unmanned aircraft systems provides more immediate and thorough information
                than is presently available by other means. Expense for scaffolding, rental of manned
                aircraft, rental of equipment, and lost time is saved. Safety is improved by reducing fall
                risk for workers and reducing potential for manned aircraft accidents.

                                                                                                                                  5
           · As described in "2. Procedures for Ensuring UAS Is in a Condition Safe for Flight",
                altitude and distance limits will be entered into the Pantom 2 Assistant software prior to
                commencement of flight. This will restrict the operation to Land Bros Client property.
                The Failsafe Function integral with the Phantom 2 will assure this aircraft stays within
                the area deemed safe for operation.

           · Industrial facilities of the type mentioned above have strict safety procedures which
                must be satisfied. LandBros' respect for compliance with these procedures is vital to
                assuring positive Client relationships and continuing business. All safety procedures for
                personnel will be strictly adhered to as well as all laws and regulations.

6. Proposed Speed, Altitude, Visibility and Distances

     Speed:
                The Phantom 2 is capable of a maximum speed of 15m/s (29.2 knots). In order to
                conserve power, and thereby maximize flight time, and to assure good quality still
                photographs and video, the Phantom 2 will be operated at a slow speed along the flight
                path, typically 2m/s (3.9 knots) or below. Higher speeds may be used from time to time
                when traversing a section ofthe property of no interest and not included in a given
                study.

     Altitude:
                Altitudes below 400ft. AGL are adequate for the complete range of facilities and
                structures to be surveyed. The integral Flight Control System will be set to limit the
                altitude to always be below that level.

     Distance:
                The integral Flight Control System will be set to limit the radial distance from the Home
                Point (point offlight commencement) such that the Phantom 2 will stay within the
                boundary ofthe property lines. The PIC will operate the equipment to assure those
                limits are not reached and will maneuver the Phantom 2 to follow the preplanned flight
                path within the property boundaries.

                The Phantom 2 will not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
                horizontally from a cloud when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

     Operations will be aborted immediately if the PIC encounters unpredicted obstacles or
     emergencies. Safe descent and landing procedures will be followed in accordance with
     operating documents.

7. Description of the Area of Intended Operations

     As described in "5. Description of Intended UAS Operations", the Phantom 2 operation will be
     restricted to Land Bros Client property and not taken into public areas. Land Bros and Client
     personnel on the site will be made fully aware of the operation prior to commencement of
     operations.

                                                                                                                                    6
8. Proximity of Airports

     Operations will be restricted to Class G airspace.
     No operations will occur within 5 miles of a non-towered airport reference point as denoted on
     a current FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter agreement with the airport's
     management is obtained, and the operation is conducted in accordance with a Notice to Airman
     (NOTAM) as required by the Certificate of Waiver or Operation (COA).

9. Operation within Visual Line-of-Sight (VLOS)

     In addition to the PIC, all operations will include a Visual Observer (VO). The VO will assure that
     the Phantom 2 is always within their visual line-of-sight (VLOS), as well as the PIC's, at all times.
     The VO and the PIC will be able to communicate verbally at all times utilizing two-way radios
     available at LandBros Client sites.

10. Procedures for Preflight Safety Assessment

     Prior to each flight, the PIC will inspect the Phantom 2, including the ground control station, in
     accordance with the Preflight Checklist (see "2. Procedures for Ensuring UAS Is In a Condition
     Safe for Flight"). If the Preflight Check indicates any unsafe conditions or a non-functioning
     safety-critical part, the flight will not commence until the needed maintenance is performed and
     a satisfactory Preflight Check can be completed. All maintenance and alterations performed will
     be documented and filed in the Equipment Inspection and Maintenance Record Book.

11. Notifications

     As required, a Notice to Airmen (NOTAM) will be requested not more than 72 hours in advance
     and not less than 48 hours prior to an operation.
     In addition, any notifications required by the FAA Flight Standards District Office will be made.

12. Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA)

     Prior to conducting any operations, an Air Traffic Organization (ATO) issued Certificate of Waiver
     or Operation (COA) will be obtained for each aircraft. Services will start with one aircraft, with
     additional units added as needs for operations increase over time. Each Phantom 2 aircraft will
     be identified with its serial number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have
     identification (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings will
     be as Ia rge as practicable.

                                                                                                                                                7
Specific Regulations for Which Exemption is Sought:

      1. 14 CFR 21, Subpart H -Airworthiness Certificates

           14 CFR 21 covers the certification procedures for products and parts. Subpart H specifies
           requirements for Airworthiness Certificates for various aircraft types. Small unmanned aircraft
           systems are not specifically called out and addressed in these rules.
           LandBros will, in lieu of airworthiness certification by aforementioned rule, if exemption is
           granted, ensure that the Phantom 2 system is in compliance with its operating documents as
           described herein. The PIC will assure that all Preflight Checks are completed and documented
           and the Phantom 2 is in full compliance with all manufacturers' operation and maintenance
           documents.
           Due to consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with
           Land Bros's proposed Phantom 2, we believe it will not create a hazard to users of the National
           Airspace System (NAS) or the public. Therefore, a request is made for exemption from 14 CFR
           part 21, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36.

     2. 14 CFR 61.113(a) and (b), Certification: Pilots, Flight Instructors, and Ground Instructors

           14 CFR 61.113 (a) and (b) prohibit private pilots from fulfilling the role of PIC ifthe aircraft is
           carrying property for compensation, unless the flight is only incidental to that business or
           employment.
           LandBros believes that due to the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated
           with Land Bros' proposed Phantom 2 operation, a PIC possessing the aforementioned training
           and logged hours, would ensure safety and prevent creating any hazard to users of the National
           Airspace System (NAS) or the public. We therefore request an exemption from these parts of 14
           CFR.

     3. 14 CFR 91.7 (a), Airworthiness required for operation

           lfthe exemption from 14 CFR 21, Subpart H (item 1 above) is granted, no airworthiness
           certificate will be required. On this basis, exemption from 14 CFR 91.7 (a) is requested,
           presuming that airworthy condition by definition in the rule means having an airworthiness
           certificate. LandBros will, in lieu of airworthiness certification by 14 CFR 21, ensure that the
           Phantom 2 system is in compliance with its operating documents as described herein. The PIC
           will assure that all Preflight Checks are completed and documented and execute full compliance
           with all manufacturer's operation and maintenance documents.

     4. 14 CFR 91.103 (b) (2), Preflight action

           14 CFR 91.103 (b) (2) specifies that the PIC be familiar with aircraft performance under expected
           values of airport elevation and runway slope, aircraft gross weight, and wind and temperature.

                                                                                                                                    8
     Since the Phantom 2 will not be operating out of airports this rule is not applicable. On this
     basis and on the basis that the operating documents cover requirements for operation safety,
     an exemption from this rule is requested.

5. 14 CFR 91.105, Flight crewmembers at stations

     This part requires certain actions by on board crewmembers. Since the Phantom 2 is unmanned,
     an exemption from this rule is requested.

6. 14 CFR 91.109, Flight instruction

     14 CFR 91.109 describes requirements for flight instruction and requires that the aircraft used
     for flight instruction have fully functioning dual controls. The details pertain to manned
     airplanes and are not applicable to a small unmanned aircraft system such as the Phantom 2.
     Flight training will be required for the Phantom 2 pilot as detailed on page 5 herein, "4.
     Qualifications for the Pilot in Command (PIC)." Compliance with these training requirements
     with logged hours assures that the required competency for safely operating the Phantom 2 will
     be maintained. On this basis an exemption from this rule is requested.

7. 14 CFR 91.119 (c), Minimum safe altitudes

     14 CFR 91.119 (c) requires that no operation is permitted below 500 feet above the surface,
     except over open water and sparsely populated areas. The proposed use of the Phantom 2 is
     specifically for altitudes that range from the surface to maximum 400 feet AGL. On the basis of
     the aforementioned safety procedures, we believe there will be no increased hazard to users of
     the National Airspace System (NAS) or the public will be created by the Phantom 2 as detailed
     here.

8. 14 CFR 91.121, Altimeter settings

     14 CFR 91.121 provides specific rules for altimeter settings for cruising altitude and flight level of
     aircraft and speaks of altimeter stations along the route and the elevation of the departure
     airport. In lieu ofthese specific requirements, most suitable for manned airplanes, the Phantom
     2 has barometric altimeter and GPS derived altitude limitations. All altitudes reported to Air
     Traffic Control (ATC) will be in feet above ground level (AGL). On this basis, an exemption from
     this rule is requested.

9. 14 CFR 91.151, Fuel requirements for flights in VFR conditions

     14 CFR 91.151(a) requires that no person may begin a flight under Visual Flight Rule (VFR)
     conditions unless (considering wind and forecast weather conditions) there is enough fuel to fly
     to the first point of intended landing and, assuming normal cruising speed, (1) during the day, to
     fly after that for at least 30 minutes, or (2) at night, to fly after that for at least 45 minutes.
     The Phantom 2 has a built-in Low Battery Level Warning Function:

                                                                                                                                   9
     1) If the smart battery is depleted to the point that may affect the safe return of the aircraft,
           the low battery level warning notifies the PIC to take action.

     2) The thresholds for these warnings are automatically determined based on the current
           aircraft altitude and its distance from the Home Point.

     3) A color coded battery level indicator shows battery level, and an estimated remaining flight
           time in minutes is displayed.

     4) When the critical battery level warning activates, the aircraft will gradually descend and land
           automatically.

     As standard operating procedure, the PIC will immediately return the Phantom 2 to the Home
     Point for a battery swap when the battery level reaches 25%.
     On the basis of these specific safety features of battery power level monitoring, and operating
     procedures, an exemption from this rule is requested.

10. 14 CFR 91.405 (a), Maintenance required

     Please see exemption request explanation in item 15 below (14 CFR 91.417).

11. 14 CFR 91.407 (a) (1), Operation after maintenance

     Please see exemption request explanation in item 15 below (14 CFR 91.417).

12. 14 CFR 91.409 (a) (2), Inspections

     Please see exemption request explanation in item 15 below (14 CFR 91.417).

13. 14 CFR 91.417 (a) and (b), Maintenance records

     Parts 91.405 (a), 91.407 (a) (1), 91.409 (a) (2), and 91.417 (a) and (b), contain requirements for
     maintenance of larger aircraft. In lieu of adapting these rules for the Phantom, Land Bros Aerial
     Photography, L.L.C. is requesting an exemption on the basis that it will inspect the Phantom 2
     and ensures that it is in a condition for safe flight prior to beginning any operation. We propose
     that adherence to the operating documents describing the requirements for maintenance,
     inspection, and record keeping, are sufficient to ensure that safety is not adversely affected.
     PUBLIC BENEFIT
     Granting this Section 333 Exemption would benefit the public in the following ways:

           · Public Safety: Common practice for industrial facility construction projects and periodic
                site-wide industrial facility visual assessment involves utilization of manned aircraft. The
                potential risk to life and property is order of magnitudes less for use of a small

                                                                                                                                         10
.J

                                               unmanned aircraft system as compared to conventional aerial photography by manned
                                               fixed wing aircraft.

                                          · Industrial Safety: In order to accomplish inspections of difficult to access areas at high
                                               elevations requires either erection of scaffolding or lifting personnel by crane in
                                               protective enclosures to view the subject of interest. Fall protection gear and
                                               compliance with OSHA rules governing such work is crucial for life safety. The ultimate
                                               protection, however, would be to not involve personnel in such activity and instead
                                               complete this work with an unmanned aircraft system.

                                          · Energy Savings and Environmental Protection: Reduction of frequency of manned
                                               aircraft used to do aerial photography and surveys for construction sites and industrial
                                               facilities results in burning less fuel thereby saving energy and reducing emissions of
                                               combustion gases.

                                    REASONS SAFETY NOT ADVERSELY AFFECTED AND IS AT LEAST EQUIVALENT TO EXISTING RULE
                                    The key features of the proposed Phantom 2 unmanned aircraft system that assure that safety
                                    to the public and safety of the National Airspace System (NAS) is not adversely affected are the
                                    following:

                                         · Credentials and training for the Pilot in Command (PIC), along with detailed operating
                                               procedures, assure that the level of competency required for successful and safe flight
                                               operations is achieved.

                                         · The built-in Flight Control System, which includes a Failsafe Function, assures immediate
                                               return to the Home Point and safe landing under failure scenarios, thereby preventing
                                               injury or damage.

                                         · Visual Line-of-Sight (VLOS) operation provided by the PIC and the Visual Observer (VO),
                                               and their ability to communicate verbally at all times, assures full operational control.

                                         · Detailed operations and maintenance procedures, including a Preflight Checklist,
                                               provide assurance of mechanical integrity and full functioning of Phantom 2 unmanned
                                               aircraft system prior to commencement of any operation.

                                                                                                                                                               11
                         SUMMARY FOR PUBLICATION IN FEDERAL REGISTER
                         Petition for Exemption

l Docket No.: FAA-2015-xxxx

j

I Petitioner: LandBros Aerial Photography, L.L.C.

lI Section of 14 CFR 14 CFR 21 Subpart H, 61.113{a) and {b), 91.7 (a), 91.103 (b) {2), 91.105, 91.109,91.119

1 (c), 91.121, 91.151,91.405 (a), 91.407 (a) {1), 91.409 (a) {2), 91.417 (a) and (b).

                         Description of Relief Sought: The petitioner is seeking an exemption to utilize an unmanned aircraft
                         system (UAS) to accomplish aerial photography, surveys and assessments of industrial and commercial
                         facilities.

                         Daniel P. Landry
                         Owner
                         LandBros Aerial Photography, L.L.C.

                                                                                                                                                                         12
