September 21, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12945
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA-2015-2554

Mr. Michael Bruk, Esq.
The Law Office of Michael Bruk
Counsel for Lappert Smith Technologies LLC
138 West 25th St, 10th Floor, Suite C1001
New York, NY 10001

Dear Mr. Bruk:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter posted to the docket July 6, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation
Administration (FAA) on behalf of Lappert Smith Technologies LLC (hereinafter petitioner
or operator) for an exemption. The petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft
system (UAS) to conduct aerial imaging and inspection of power infrastructures.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner are the DJI S800 and DJI Inspire 1.
                                                                                                                 2

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection.1 The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Lappert Smith Technologies LLC is granted an
exemption from 14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a),
91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and
91.417(a) and (b), to the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                             3

aerial data collection. This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed
below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Lappert Smith Technologies LLC is hereafter referred to as
the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI S800 and DJI
    Inspire 1 when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations
    of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
    not permitted.

3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
    exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
    compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
    airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
    aircraft manufacturer.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.

    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
    electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
    must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
    required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
                                                                                                            4

    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
                                                                                                            5

    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
                                                                                       6

exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial

    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must

    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical

    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
                                                                                               7

reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
    as documented in this grant of exemption.

30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
    exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
    District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
    notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
    must include at least the following:
      a. Dates and times for all flights;
      b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
          under this grant of exemption;
      c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
          the UAS;
      d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
      e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
      f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
          and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
          who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
      g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
      h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
          town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
          essential to accomplish the operation.

31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons

    consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
    exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                                                 8
This exemption terminates on September 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.
Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
                                  UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
                             DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION
                           FEDERAL AVIATION ADMINISTRATION

                                          WASHINGTON, DC

                             Regulatory Docket No. _ _ _ _ __

           IN THE MATTER OF THE PETITION FOR EXEMPTION OF:
                         LAPPERT SMITH TECHNOLOGIES LLC

 FOR AN EXEMPTION SEEKING RELIEF FROM THE REQUIREMENTS OF
               TITLE 14 OF THE CODE OF FEDERAL REGULATIONS

SECTIONS 91.9(b), 91.203(a), 91.203(b), 45.23(b), 21.185, 45.27(a), 91.7(a), 91.103,
91.109(a), 91.119, 91.121, 91.151(a), 91.405(a), 91.407 (a)(1), 91.409 (a)(2), 91.147 (a),

                                         91.147(b), and 61.113
    CONCERNING OPERATION OF AN UNMANNED AIRCRAFT SYSTEM

                    OVER RURAL AREAS OF THE UNITED STATES
                           PURSUANT TO SECTION 333 OF THE

                 FAA MODERNIZATION AND REFORM ACT OF 2012

                                                                                      MICHAEL BRUK, ESQ.
                                                               THE LAW OFFICE OF MICHAEL BRUK
                                                           138 W. 25TH ST, lOTH FLOOR, SillTE ClOOl

                                                                                      NEW YORK, NY, 10001
                                                                                             Tel: (212) 203-9303
                                                                                            Fax: (347) 710-1791

                                                                                         Attorneyfor Petitioner
Contents
GLOSSARY OF ABBREVIATIONS ....................................................................................... iii
I. SUMM"ARY ..................................................................................................................... 1
II. INTRODUCTION AND INTERESTS OF THE PETITIONER ........................................ 1
III. BACKGROUND OF THE Dll S800 OCTOCOPTER...................................................... 2
IV. BASIS FOR APPROVAL OF LAPPERT SMITH PETITION ......................................... 3

  A Approval is Warranted Based on the UAS's Size,
        Weight, Speed, and Operational Capability............................................................................. 4

  B. Approval is Warranted Based on the Operational
        Restrictions Set Forth in the Operations Manual .................................................................... 5

V. THE EXTENT OF RELIEF LAPPERT SMITH SEEKS
       AND THE REASON LAPPERT SMITH SEEKS THE RELIEF........................................ 7

VI. DRUG AND ALCOHOL PROGRAM ........................................................................... 18
VII. REASONS WHY GRANTING LAPPERT SMITH'S

        REQUEST WOULD BE IN THE PUBLIC INTEREST ................................................. 18
  A The Public Will Benefit From Decreased Congestion

        Of The NAS, Reduced Noise and Air Pollution, and
        Safety of Life and Property, and Air Traffic Control's Responsibilities ............................. 18
  B. Aerial Inspections with the Dll S800 Hexacopter UAS will Benefit the Economy ........... 19
   C. No Privacy Issues Exists ........................................................................................................ 19
VIII. OPERATIONS AND MANUFACTURER'S MANUALS .......................................... 20
IX. Any Other Conditions The FAA May Prescribe For Safe Operation............................... 20
X. A Summary That Can Be Published In The Federal Register ......................................... 21
XI. CONCLUSION .............................................................................................................. 22

                                                                      ii
                                    GLOSSARY OF ABBREVIATIONS
AGL Above Ground Level
ATC Air Traffic Control
COA Certificate of Authorization
FAA Federal Aviation Administration
FAR Federal Aviation Regulation
NAS National Airspace System
Section 333 FAA Modernization and Reform Act of2012, Section 333
SMS Safety Management System
UAS Unmanned Aircraft System
VFR Visual Flight Rules
VMC Visual Meteorological Conditions

                                                                      iii
                                                I. SUMMARY

         Lappert Smith Technologies LLC, through its counsel and by this petition, seeks
exemption that would permit Lappert Smith to operate an Unmanned Aircraft System ("UAS")
over certain rural areas of the United States, while keeping the required regulatory documents
readily accessible to the pilot in command at the ground control station. This exemption will also
permit all required markings regarding the operational status of Lappert Smith's UAS to be
displayed on the fuselage ofthe unmanned aircraft.

                II. INTRODUCTION AND INTERESTS OF THE PETITIONER

         Lappert Smith Technologies LLC (hereinafter referred to as ("Lappert Smith") seeks the
requested exemptions to permit it to offer imaging and inspection of various power
infrastructures to determine whether said lines are in need of repair. In addition, Lappert Smith
seeks authority to conduct training and maintenance flights in a sterile area free from hazards and
persons.

         Various utility providers strive to deliver reliable resources to manufacturers, commercial
enterprises, and residential customers. These utility constantly seek newer, more-efficient, cost-
effective, and reliable means by which to perform safety checks of their equipment. These
companies also realize that a portions of the infrastructure in the United States is aging and in
need of repair or replacement. The Lappert Smith team has developed a remote piloted aerial
system that safely and efficiently provides customers with low cost, comprehensive aerial
inspection.

         Lappert Smith acknowledges and appreciates that UAS operations are part of a complex
and interconnected system that make up the national airspace (NAS). Lappert Smith personnel
have extensive experience in conducting UAS flights and are conscious of the special safety
issues that arise from working in this environment. The Lappert Smith Team is comprised as
follows:

         1. Walter Lappert, Chief Design Engineer. B.S. in Mechanic Engineering and A.A. in
             Unmanned Aircraft Technology; Community College of the Air Force degree in

                                                                           1
    Aircraft Armament Systems; 10+ years of USAF service, served as Weapons Load
    Team Chief, trained and qualified 51 service personnel on 18 GPS and laser-guided
    munitions system; Military Rank of Staff Sergeant (Disabled Veteran); Active
    SECRET Clearance (Department of Defense); 238 Missions with Objective; 750+
    hours of UAS operation without objective. NCATT (National Center for Aerospace
    and Transportation Technology) Certified.

2. Alex Hinkle, Lead Pilot- B.S. in Aviation Management from Kansas State
    University; Pilot's License with Instrument Rating; Class 1 Medical; 178 Missions
    with objective, 250+ hours ofUAS operation without objective

3. Peter Kalaitzidis, Co-Pilot and Lead Observer- A.A. in Applied Sciences; A.A. in
    Electrical Engineering, Community College of the Air Force degree in Aircraft
    Armament Systems; Military Rank of Staff Sergeant (Disabled Veteran, Retired);
    Class 2 Medical Clearance; 88 Missions with objective, 625+ hours ofUAS operation
    without objective.

4. Parker Freeman, Co-Pilot/Observer. Private Pilot's License; Class 2 Medical
    Clearance; 2013 AUVSI (Association for Unmanned Vehicle Systems International)
    Safety Award Recipient; 50 UAS missions as PIC totaling 150 single engine PIC
    flight time hours; 120 UAS missions as co-pilot/observer.

5. Bretten Smith- Chief Operating Officer. B.S. in Applied Science and MBA with
    focus on Program Management, Kansas State University; Led Weapons System and
    Tech Crews in USAF; Military Rank of Staff Sergeant (Disabled Veteran); Active
    SECRET Clearance (Department ofDefense).

             ill. BACKGROUND OF THE DJI SSOO OCTOCOPTER

                                                           2
Lappert  Smith  seeks  an  exemption  to  operate  a        Dll  S800  hexacopter   UAS  1   for  compensation
                                                                                          ,

or hire within the national airspace system ("NAS"). The Dll S800 hexacopter UAS is

comprised of an amphibious unmanned aircraft and a transportable ground station. The Dll S800

hexacopter UAS has a maximum gross weight of approximately thirty (30) pounds, a 360

millimeters (14.173 inches) length of each wing, and base a length of 500 millimeters (19.685

inches). The Dll S800 hexacopter unmanned aircraft is equipped with 6 propellers driven by a

Lithium Polymer battery powered electric motor.

         IV. BASIS FOR APPROVAL OF LAPPERT SMITH PETITION

         Petitioner, Lappert Smith, through its undersigned counsel and pursuant to the provisions
ofthe Federal Aviation Regulations (14 C.F.R. § 11.61) and the FAA Modernization and Reform
Act of 2012, Section 333, Special Rules for Certain Unmanned Aircraft Systems, hereby
petitions the Administrator for an exemption from the requirements of 14 C.F.R. §§ 91.9(b),
91.203(a), 91.203(b), 45.23(b).

         In the alternative, and in accordance with Federal Aviation Regulation ("FAR") Section
21.16, entitled Special Conditions (14 C.F.R. § 21.16), Lappert Smith respectfully requests that
the Administrator prescribe special conditions for the intended operation of the Lappert Smith
Dll S800 hexacopter UAS that contain such safety standards as the Administrator finds
necessary to establish a level of safety equivalent to that established by the restricted category
airworthiness certification standards specified in 14 C.F.R. § 21.185. Lappert Smith provides the
following information in support of its petition for exemption:

Narne And Address Of The Petitioner.

Lappert Smith Technologies LLC
1205 S. Tryon St. Unit 1106
Charlotte, NC 28203

1 Lappert Smith has reserved registration numbers N 8HJLS,       .nn,s, and .326LS and will submit an Aircraft

Registration Application upon the grant of the exemptions sought by this Petition.

                                          3
The point of contact for this Petition and specific contact information is as follows:

Michael Bruk, Esq.
The Law Office of Michael Bruk
138 W. 25th St, lOth Floor, Suite ClOOl
New York, NY, 10001
Tel: (212) 203-9303
Fax: (347) 710-1791
Email: mb@bruklaw.com

                   A. Approval is Warranted Based on the UAS's Size, Weight, Speed, and
                                                      Operational Capability

         Lappert Smith will employ the Dll S800 hexacopter for infrastructure inspection
operations, with a maximum take-off weight of 30 pounds, and whose flight speed will not
exceed 30 miles per hour. In addition, no UAS will be flown in controlled airspace absent written
consent of a local regulatory agency or office, nor at an altitude that exceeds 400 feet AGL, and
in such a way that operations can be safely terminated with a reserve battery power of 30%
maximum charge. The Dll S800 does not carry any flammable propellant or fuel and possesses
redundant motor capabilities. In addition, the UAS can maintain flight in the event one or more
motors fail unexpectedly, and is capable of compensating for engine loss automatically. The Dll
S800 also possesses the ability to alert the PIC to the possibility of a lost link before it occurs. In
the event a control link is unexpectedly lost, the UAS is equipped with failsafe setting which
returns the vehicle to a pre-determined, emergency alternate landing zone.

         In the absence of UAS operations, and particularly in rural areas, many of these
inspections would have to be carried out by a helicopter or by technicians performing the

                                                                      4
inspection manually. Helicopter inspections are carried out at high speed, and carry a greater risk
of a wire strike or other collision than do UAS operations. Moreover, conducting helicopter
inspections at certain locations, such as substations where several utility lines converge, carry
additional risks to helicopters. Finally, due to the low altitude of utility line inspection flights, the
ability of a helicopter pilot to successfully conduct an autorotation in the event of an engine
failure may be limited or impossible. Given the small size of the selected UAS and the restricted
environment within which it will operate, this petition for exemption falls within the equivalent
level of safety which Congress directed the FAA to permit commercial UAS operations by
exemption pending completion of formal rulemaking.

      B. Approval is Warranted Based on the Operational Restrictions Set Forth in the
                                                Operations Manual

         The Lappert Smith Operations Manual, along with the Dll manufacturer's manual,
contain all of the procedures and limitations necessary to successfully and safely perform
inspections of infrastructure. Below is a summary of operational limitations and conditions
which will ensure an equivalent or higher level of safety for operations conducted under current
regulatory guidelines:

    1. The UAS will weigh 30 pounds or less.
    2. Flights will be operated within line of sight of a pilot and observer.
    3. Maximum total flight time for each operational flight will be limited to the lesser of 25 to

         30 minutes or the amount of time the UAS can be flown and still maintain a reserve
         battery power of no less than 30%.
    4. Flights will be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet AGL and will not be
         conducted within navigable airspace.
    5. Flights will be operated at a lateral distance of least 500 feet from any inhabited
         structures, buildings, vehicles or vessels, or from people not associated with the operation
         who have not given permission in advance of the operation.

                                                                      5
6. Minimum crew for each operation will consist of the UAS Pilot, one or more Visual
    Observers as necessary to safely conduct the mission, and a Sensor Operator if required,
    all of whom possess class 2 Medical

7. The Pilot will have a private pilot's license, be instrument rated, and have completed 64
    hours of training and instruction on the Dll 800 prior to any flight in accordance the
    Operations Manual, will have conducted at least three (3) take-offs and three (3) landings
    90 days immediately preceding the date of any proposed commercial operation.

8. The UAS will operate in accordance with the safety and operational requirements ofthe
    Operations Manual.

9. Prior to the operation, a Mission Plan will be created setting forth the limitations for the
    flight as well as contact and hazard information provided by the utility.

10. A NOT AM will be issued not more than seventy-two (72) hours in advance of flight, but
    not less than twelve (12) hours before flight.

11. Pilot, Visual Observer and Sensor Operator will at all times be able to communicate by
    vmce.

12. Prior to any flights, a Certificate of Authorization will be obtained specifying the
    geographic over which operations will be conducted.

13. All required permissions and permits will be obtained from territorial, state, county or
    city jurisdictions, including local law enforcement, fire or other appropriate governmental
    agencies.

14. The operator will coordinate all flights with the appropriate Flight Standards District
    Office.

15. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UAS will have the
    capability to return to a pre-determined location within the operational area and land.

16. Contingency plans will be in place to safely terminate flight if there is a loss of
    communication between the pilot and the observer.

17. The UAS will have the capability to abort a flight in case of unpredicted obstacles or
    emergencies.

18. The Dll S800 UAS shall be operated pursuant to Day Visual Flight Rules (VFR) in
    visual meteorological conditions (VMC). The Dll S800 UAS shall be operated only
     during daylight hours (i.e. between the end of morning civil twilight and the beginning of

                                                                  6
         evening civil twilight, as published in the American Air Almanac, converted to local
         time).
    19. The Dll S800 UAS shall operate from on-site takeoff/landing locations directly next to
         the pilot in command and co-located safety observer. If the operation is from a watercraft,
         the pilot in command and safety observer shall remain co-located on the same watercraft.
    20. Operation ofthe Dll S800 UAS with any inoperative instruments or equipment shall be
         prohibited.
    21. The Dll S800 UAS shall be maintained m accordance with the Manufacturer's
         Maintenance Manual.
    22. The Dll S800 UAS shall be operated pursuant to 14 C.F.R. Part 91, operating
         requirements.
    23. For the proposed flight operation, only one Dll S800 UAS shall be airborne at any given
         time.
    24. Prior to flight operations, Lappert Smith shall coordinate and establish two way
         communications with the nearest Air Traffic Control facility.
    25. For any flight operations over U.S. Government or state managed lands, Lappert Smith
         shall coordinate with the appropriate authority and ensure that the property owners have
         at least twelve (12) hours of advance notice prior to the proposed flight operations.
         Coordination shall include anticipated periods of operation, purpose of the flights, and
         contact information for the operator should questions or issues arise.

      V. THE EXTENT OF RELIEF LAPPERT SMITH SEEKS AND THE REASON
                                       LAPPERT SMITH SEEKS THE RELIEF.

                                          A. ReliefFrom Section 91.9(b).

    Lappert Smith seeks an exemption from 14 C.F.R § 91.9(b). Section 91.9, Civil aircraft
flight manual, marking, andplacard requirements, of which subsection (b) states:

    (b) No person may operate a U.S.-registered civil aircraft (1) for which an Airplane or
    Rotorcraft Flight Manual is required by§ 21.5 ofthis chapter unless there is available in the

                                                                      7
    aircraft a current, approved Airplane or Rotorcraft Flight Manual or the manual provided for
    in§ 121.141(b); and (2) For which an Airplane or Rotorcraft Flight Manual is not required
    by § 21.5 of this chapter, unless there is available in the aircraft a current approved Airplane
    or Rotorcraft Flight Manual, approved manual material, markings, and placards, or any
    combination thereof

Equivalent Level of Compliance

         The Dll S800 hexacopter UAS is unmanned and has a maximum gross weight of
approximately thirty (30) pounds. Therefore, it is unable to carry Airplane Flight Manuals
onboard. Lappert Smith proposes the following conditions and limitations to its request for
exemption from Section 91.9(b):

    The approved Airplane Flight Manual shall be kept at the ground control station,
    immediately available for reference by the PIC, or inspection by any FAA, DOD, or other
    law enforcement official, any time during operation of the UAS. In addition, the Flight
    Manual shall be made available within 10 days to any law enforcement official upon request.

                                  B. Relief From Section 91.203(a) and (b).

         Lappert Smith seeks an exemption from 14 C.F.R § 91.203(a) and (b). Section 91.203
entitled Civil aircraft: Certifications required, subsections (a) and (b) state the following:

(a) Except as provided in § 91.715, no person may operate a civil aircraft unless it has within it
the following:

         (1) An appropriate and current airworthiness certificate. Each U.S. airworthiness
               certificate used to comply with this subparagraph (except a special flight permit, a
               copy of the applicable operations specifications issued under § 21.197(c) of this
               chapter, appropriate sections ofthe air carrier manual required by parts 121 and 135
               of this chapter containing that portion of the operations specifications issued under §

                                                                        8
              21.197(c), or an authorization under § 91.611) must have on it the registration
              number assigned to the aircraft under part 47 of this chapter. However, the
              airworthiness certificate need not have on it an assigned special identification
              number before 10 days after that number is first affixed to the aircraft. A revised
              airworthiness certificate having on it an assigned special identification number, that
              has been affixed to an aircraft, may only be obtained upon application to an FAA
              Flight Standards district office.

         (2) An effective U.S. registration certificate issued to its owner or, for operation within
         the United States, the second copy ofthe Aircraft registration Application as provided for
         in§ 47.31(c), or a registration certification issued under the laws of a foreign country.

(b) No person may operate a civil aircraft unless the airworthiness certificate required by
paragraph (a) ofthis section or a special flight authorization issued under§ 91.715 is displayed at
the cabin or cockpit entrance so that it is legible to passengers or crew.

Equivalent Level of Compliance

         The Dll S800 hexacopter is unmanned, has no cabin, cockpit, pilot station, or other
entrances. The aircrew is located at the ground control station and no passengers are carried at
any time. Lappert Smith proposes the following conditions and limitations to its request for
exemption from Sections 91.203(a) and (b):

         The documents required by §§ 91.203(a) and (b) shall be kept at the ground control
         station, immediately available for reference by the PIC, or inspection by any FAA, DOD,
         or other law enforcement official, any time during operation of the UAS. In addition,
         these documents shall be made available within 10 days to any law enforcement official
         upon request.

                                                                        9
                                      C. ReliefFrom 14 C.F.R. § 45.23(b).

         Lappert Smith seeks an exemption from 14 C.F.R § 45.23(b). Section 45.23 entitled
Display ofmarks; general, subsection (b), states the following:

(b) When marks include only the Roman capital letter "N" and the registration number is
displayed on limited, restricted or light-sport category aircraft or experimental or provisionally
certificated aircraft, the operator must also display on that aircraft near each entrance to the
cabin, cockpit, or pilot station, in letters not less than 2 inches nor more than 6 inches high, the
words "limited," "restricted," "light-sport," "experimental," or "provisional," as applicable.

Equivalent Level of Compliance

    As the DJI S800 hexacopter UAS is unmanned, it has no cabin, cockpit, pilot station, or
entrances thereto. Therefore, Lappert Smith proposes that, the FAA N numbers be prominently
displayed on DJI 800 be displayed prominently displayed on the fuselage with markings that are
as large as practicable., on both sides ofthe DJI S800 hexacopter UAS.

     D. Relief From 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H- Airworthiness Certificates and 14 C.F.R
                                                         §91.203(a)(1)

    Lappert Smith respectfully requests the FAA finds, under the Reform Act, that the DJI S800
UAS provides a level of safety equivalent to that of aircraft normally used for the same
application. If such a finding is made, no exemption is needed. If, however, the FAA determines
that there any characteristics of the UAS fail to meet the requirements of the Reform Act, an
exemption is requested.

Equivalent Level of Compliance
         The DJI S800 UAS will operate safely taking into account its size, weight, speed, and

operational capability. The UAS has a maximum take-offweight of30 pounds, will be flown at
less than 30 miles per hour and completely outside controlled airspace.

                                                                 10
         Utility line inspections are currently performed by helicopters, which weigh thousands of
pounds, carry large loads of fuel, and do not possess the ability to compensate for unexpected
engine failure. Taken together with the low altitudes needed to conduct these inspections,
helicopters cannot conduct operations as safely as a UAS. In addition, damage to critical
infrastructure resulting from a helicopters coming into contact with a utility line or substation is
far greater than if that of a small UAS. Thus, a UAS operated in a restricted environment, within
line-of-sight of the PIC, and under the conditions proposed, will be at least as safe as a
conventional rotorcraft operating.

           E. Relief From 14 C.F.R. Part 27 Airworthiness Standards: Normal Category
                                                          Rotorcraft

    14 C.P.R. Part 27 sets forth the procedural requirements for airworthiness certification of
normal category rotorcraft. To the extent the Petitioner's UAS would otherwise require
certification under Part 27, Petitioner seeks an exemption from Part 27's airworthiness standards
for the same reasons identified in the exemption request from 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H.

           F. Relief From 14 C.F.R. §§ 91.9(c), 45.23(b) and 45.27(a): Aircraft Marking and
                                                 Identification Requirements

         Petitioner Lappert Smith seeks an exemption from the aircraft marking and identification
requirements contained in 14 C.F.R. §§ 91.9(c), 45.23(b) and 45.27(a). · 14 C.P.R.§ 91.9(c),
Civil Aircraft Flight Manual, Marking and Placard requirements, provides that: No person may
operate a U.S.-registered civil aircraft unless that aircraft is identified in accordance with Part 45
of this chapter.

         14 C.F.R. § 45.23(b), Markings of the Aircraft, states: When marks include only the
         Roman capital letter "N" and the registration number is displayed on limited, restricted or
         light-sport category aircraft or experimental or provisionally certificated aircraft, the
         operator must also display on that aircraft near each entrance to the cabin, cockpit, or
         pilot station, in letters not less than 2 inches nor more than 6 inches high, the words
         "limited," "restricted," "light-sport, "experimental," or "provisional," as applicable. · 14

                                                                   11
         C.P.R. § 45.27(a), Rotorcraft, states: Each operator of a rotorcraft must display on that
         rotorcraft horizontally on both surfaces of the cabin, fuselage, boom, or tail the marks
         required by§ 45.23.

Equivalent Level of Safety
As the Dll 800 is a hexacopter with an unconventional shape, Lappert Smith will apply for a
Letter of Alternative Marking to allow the registered N-number to be prominently displayed on
the fuselage with markings that are as large as practicable.

 G. Relief From 14 C.F.R § 91.9(b)(2): Civil Aircraft Flight Manual in the Aircraft and 14
      C.F.R § 91.203(a) and (b): Carrying Civil Aircraft Certification and Registration

Pursuant to 14 C.F.R. § 91.9(b)(2):

         (b) No person may operate a U.S.-registered civil aircraft-
                  (2) For which an Airplane or Rotorcraft Flight Manual is not required by§ 21.5

         ofthis chapter, unless there is available in the aircraft a current approved airplane or
         Rotorcraft Flight Manual, approved manual material, markings and placards, or any
         combination thereof Pursuant to 14 C.F.R. § 91.203(a) and (b):(a) Except as provided
         in§ 91.715, no person may operate a civil aircraft unless it has within it the following:

                  (1) An appropriate and current airworthiness certificate.
                  (b) No person may operate a civil aircraft unless the airworthiness certificate
         required by paragraph (a) of this section or a special flight authorization issued under §
         91.715 is displayed at the cabin or cockpit entrance so that it is legible to passengers or
         crew.

Equivalent Level of Compliance

         Lappert Smith does not request an exemption from this section but instead notifies the
FAA that, in accordance with FAA Office of Chief Counsel's Opinion dated August 8, 2014, the

                                                                      12
UAS flight manual, registration certificate and other documentation will be kept at the control
station with the PIC during flight. The Chief Counsel's Office has held that for all UAS
operations, this alternate method constitutes full compliance with the regulations.

         H. Relief From 14 C.F.R. § 91.7(a): Civil Aircraft Airworthiness

         Petitioner seeks an exemption from 14 C.P.R. § 91.7(a), which requires that a civil
aircraft be in airworthy condition to be operated. The FAA has stated that no exemption is
required to the extent that the requirements of Part 21 are waived or found inapplicable.
Accordingly, Petitioner request that the requirements for Section 91.7 are treated in accordance
with Section V(A), supra.

         I. Relief From 14 C.F.R. § 91.103: Preflight Action

         Petitioner seeks an exemption from 14 C.F .R. § 91.103, which requires a PIC to become
familiar with specific information before each flight, including information contained in the
FAA-approved Flight Manual on board the aircraft. While the PIC will be familiar with all
information necessary to safely conduct the flight, an exemption is requested to the extent that an
FAA-approved Flight manual is required.

Equivalent Level of Compliance

         An equivalent level of safety will be provided by following the Aircraft Operations
Manual and flight manual provided by the manufacturer. The PIC will take all required preflight
actions- including performing all required checklists and reviewing weather, flight battery
requirements, landing and takeoff distance, aircraft performance data, and contingency landing
areas - before initiation of flight. The Aircraft Operations Manual and manufacturer's flight
manual will be kept at the ground station with the operator at all times.

         J. Relief From 14 C.F.R. § 91.109(a): Flight Instruction

                                                                    13
         Petitioner seeks an exemption from 14 C.F.R. § 91.109(a), which provides that "[n]o
person may operate a civil aircraft (except a manned free balloon) that is being used for flight
instruction unless that aircraft has fully functioning dual controls." UASs and remotely piloted
aircraft, by their design, do not have functional dual controls. Instead, flight control is
accomplished through the use of a device that communicates with the aircraft via radio
communications.

Equivalent Level of Compliance

         Given the size and speed of the UAS, an equivalent level of safe training can still be
performed without dual controls because no pilot or passengers are aboard the UAS, and all
persons will be a safe distance away in the event that the UAS experiences any difficulties during
flight instruction. In addition, Petitioner has established a flight training program that will be
administered by a certified flight instructor. That training program includes both classroom
instruction as well as supervised flight training employing the same aircraft that will be used
operationally to conduct power infrastructure inspections. Accordingly, Lappert Smith's
proposed method of operation provides superior levels of safety.

         K. Relief From 14 C.F.R. § 91.119: Minimum Safe Altitudes

         Petitioner requests an exemption from the minimum safe altitude requirements of 14
C.F.R. § 91.119. Section 91.119 prescribes the minimum safe altitudes under which aircraft may
not operate, including 500 feet above the surface and away from any person, vessel, vehicle, or
structure in non-congested areas. See 14 C.F .R. § 91.119(c). Section 91.119(d) allows for a
helicopter to operate at less than those minimum altitudes when it can be operated "without
hazard to persons or property on the surface," provided that "each person operating the helicopter
complies with any routes or altitudes specifically prescribed for helicopters by the FAA."

Equivalent Level of Compliance

                                                              14
         Compared to flight operations with rotorcraft weighing far more than the maximum UAS
weight proposed herein, and given the lack of flammable fuel, any risk associated with these
operations is far less than those that presently exist with conventional aircraft. An equivalent
level of safety will be achieved given the size, weight, and speed of the UAS, as well as the
location where it is operated. In order to avoid any risk to aircraft, flight operations will be
restricted to 400' AGL or below. As set forth in the Manual, the UAS will be operated in a
restricted area, away from persons or structures not involved in the operation.

         L. ReliefFrom 14 C.F.R § 91.121: Altimeter Settings

         This petition seeks an exemption from 14 C.P.R.§ 91.121, which requires a person
operating an aircraft to maintain cruising altitude or flight level by reference to an altimeter that
is set to the elevation of the departure airport or barometric pressure. An exemption is required to
the extent that the UAS does not have a barometric altimeter, but rather a GPS altitude read out.

Equivalent Level of Compliance

         The FAA has stated that an equivalent level of safety can be achieved if the UAS will be
operated at 400' or below and within visual line-of-sight in addition to GPS based altitude
information relayed in real time to the operator. As the attached Operations Manual indicates, the
chosen UAS meets these requirements, and a zero altitude initiation point will be obtained prior
to flight.

               M. Relief From 14 C.F.R. § 91.151(a): Fuel Requirements for Flight in VFR
                                                             Conditions

          Petitioner requests an exemption from 14 C.P.R.§ 91.151(a)'s fuel requirements for flight
in VFR conditions. Section 91.151 states:

                                                                 15
         (a) No person may begin a flight in an airplane under VFR conditions unless (considering
         wind and forecast weather conditions) there is enough fuel to fly to the first point of
         intended landing and, assuming normal cruising speed

                  (1) During the day, to fly after that for at least 30 minutes; or
                  (2) At night, to fly after that for at least 45 minutes.

Equivalent Level of Compliance

         Here, the technological limitations on UAS battery power means that no meaningful
flight operations can be conducted while still maintaining a 30 minute reserve. The FAA has
stated that an equivalent level of safety is provided if the UAS flight is terminated with at least
25% reserve battery power still available. Lappert Smith proposes that all flights comply with
this requirement by mandating that the aircraft be safely landed with no less than 30% of battery
life remaining.

         N. Relief From 14 C.F.R. § 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(l), 91.409(a)(2); 91.417(a) and (b):
             Maintenance Inspections

         Petitioner seeks an exemption from the maintenance inspection requirements contained in
14 C.F.R. § 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(l), 91.409(a)(2); 91.417(a) and (b). These regulations specify
maintenance and inspection standards in reference to 14 C.F.R. Part 43. See, e.g., 14 C.F.R. §
91.405(a) (stating that each owner or operator of an aircraft "[s]hall have the aircraft inspected as
prescribed in subpart E of this part and shall between required inspections ... have discrepancies
repaired as prescribed in part 43 of this chapter"). An exemption to these regulations is needed
because Part 43 and these sections only apply to aircraft with an airworthiness certificate, which
the UAS will not have.

Equivalent Level of Compliance

                                                              16
         An equivalent level of safety will be achieved because maintenance and inspections will
be performed in accordance with the UAS Manufacturer's Manual, as referenced in the
Operations Manual. As provided in the Operat ons Manual, flights will not be conducted unless a
flight operations checklist is performed that includes all of the aircraft's components. The
Operations Manual also sets requirements for maintenance log books and record keeping as well
as routine and post-flight maintenance. The Manual sets requirements for both annual
maintenance and preventative maintenance based on hours of flight.

         0. Relief From 14 CFR § 61.113: Private Pilot Privileges And Limitations

         Petitioner seeks exemption from 14 CFR § 61.113, which restricts private pilot certificate
holders from flying aircraft for compensation or hire, and would also require a second class
medical certificate. The purpose of Part 61 is to ensure the skill and competency of any PIC
matches the airspace in which the PIC will be operating, as well as requiring certifications if the
private pilot carries passengers or cargo for hire. In this case, while the UAS will be operated as
part of a commercial operation, it carries neither passengers nor cargo. In the Grant of
Exemption in FAA Docket No. FAA-2014-0352, the FAA determined that the unique
characteristics ofUAS operation outside of controlled airspace did not warrant the addition cost
and restrictions attendant with requiring a PIC to have a commercial pilot certificate and class II
medical certificate.

Equivalent Level of Compliance .

         Regardless, Lappert Smith will employ only licensed private pilots as PIC for their
operation. The restrictions Lappert Smith has placed on its UAS operations meet or exceed the
restrictions similarly imposed on Astraeus Aerial in FAA Docket No. F AA-2014-0352. Lappert
Smith will operate in a sterile area way from persons and property not involved in the inspection.
It will be flown based on VLOS and below 400' AGL. A NOT AM will be issued between 12
and 72 hours before the flight is to occur, and the flight will be coordinated with the applicable
FSDO.

                                                               17
                                VI. DRUG AND ALCOHOL PROGRAM

         Lappert Smith is committed to a drug-free work place and the right ofthe flying public it
serves to safe and efficient air transportation. All employees of Lappert Smith who perform
safety sensitive and/or security related functions are prohibited from performing work if they
have alcohol or a prohibited drug in their system.

      VII. REASONS WHY GRANTING LAPPERT SMITH'S REQUEST WOULD BE
                                               IN THE PUBLIC INTEREST

         Lappert Smith submits this Petition to provide safe, efficient, and economical aerial
inspection and research throughout rural areas of the United States, in support of government
entities, agriculture, scientific studies, wildlife monitoring, forestry, the oil and gas industries,
and other utilities and commercial operations that require aerial inspection. The specific
operations that Lappert Smith will perform with the Dll S800 hexacopter UAS demonstrate how
the requested exemption will directly benefit these industries, as well as the public.

    A. The Public Will Benefit From Decreased Congestion Of The NAS, Reduced Noise
         and Air Pollution, and Safety of Life and Property, and Air Traffic Control's
         Responsibilities

         Compared to the cabin class, six-cylinder internal combustion twin engine aircraft that
that use 20-30 gallons per hour of leaded aviation fuel, the Dll S800 hexacopter UAS uses
battery power and an electric motors, which produce no air pollution, thereby reducing the
carbon footprint of aerial inspections and eliminating noise pollution. The Dll S800 motor is
barely audible during take-off, and cannot be heard when operating more than 100 feet above
ground level. The Dll S800 hexacopter UAS is a safe, efficient, and economical alternative to
the manned aircraft traditionally utilized to obtain aerial imagery.

                                                                18
         The Dll S800 hexacopter UAS, which weighs approximately thirty (30) pounds at its
maximum gross weight, a 360 millimeter (14.173 inch) length of each wing, and base a length of
500 millimeters (19.685 inches) and has no fuel on board. Thus, the potential for collateral
damage to life and property on the ground, and in the air, compared to the manned aircraft that
typically conduct aerial inspection will be substantially reduced or completely eliminated.

         An exemption allowing the use of a Dll S800 hexacopter UAS would decrease NAS
congestion and provide a substantial benefit to the public in the form of reduced quantity and
size of manned aircraft, reduce noise and air pollution, increase the safety of life and property in
the air and on the ground, and reduce air traffic control's responsibilities regarding ground,
takeoff, departure, arrival, and landing phases of flight operations.

       B. Aerial Inspections with the DJI SSOO Hexacopter UAS will Benefit the Economy

         With the rising cost of aviation fuel and the EPA actions phasing out leaded fuels, U.S.
companies are searching for alternative technology to remain competitive. The Dll S800
hexacopter UAS is an economically sound alternative to manned aircraft and will allow U.S.-
based companies to remain competitive, provide greater job stability to employees and
contractors, and ultimately contribute to the growth of the U.S. economy.

         Improved financial performance ofU.S. companies, through commercial use ofthe Dll
S800 hexacopter UAS, provides a stable workforce that increases consumer spending, thereby
increasing tax revenues for local, state, and federal governments,

                                            C. No Privacy Issues Exists

         The Dll S800 hexacopter UAS will operate only in rural areas, and in accordance with
all Federal Aviation Regulations, including the minimum altitude requirements of 14 C.F.R. §
91.119. In addition, the Dll S800 hexacopter UAS will not be operated closer than 500 feet to
any third-person, vessel, vehicle, or structure, except when necessary for takeoff or landing.

                                                                19
    VIII. OPERATIONS AND MANUFACTURER'S MANUALS

         A copy of the Lappert Smith's Operations Manual and Dll' s Manufacturers Manual,
which are proprietary information, are attached hereto as Exhibits A and B, Petitioner requests,
pursuant to 14 C.F.R. § 11.35(b), that all Exhibits attached to petition be held in a separate file as
they are proprietary information, and in accordance with 14 C.F.R. 11.35(b), are not to be
included in the Federal Docket Management System (FDMS).

    IX. Any Other Conditions The FAA May Prescribe For Safe Operation.

         In accordance with Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 and
14 C.F.R. § 21.16 entitled Special Conditions, Lappert Smith requests that the FAA prescribe
special conditions for the intended operation of the Dll S800 UAS, which contain such safety
standards that the Administrator finds necessary to establish a level of safety equivalent to that
established by Section 21.185, and which will permit safe operation of the Dll S800 UAS for the
special purpose of conducting aerial inspection over rural areas of the United States. Section 333
sets forth the requirements for considering whether a UAS will create a hazard to users of the
NAS or the public, or otherwise pose a threat to national security; and further, provides the
authority for such UAS to operate without airworthiness certification in accordance with any
requirements that must be established for the safe operation of the aircraft systems in the NAS.

         Likewise, the Administrator may prescribe special conditions pursuant to 14 C.F.R.
§ 21.16, for operation ofthe Dll S800 UAS, since the airworthiness regulations of 14 C.F.R. Part
21 do not contain adequate or appropriate safety standards, due to the novel or unusual design
features of the aircraft. Section 21.16, entitled Special Conditions, states the following:

         "If the FAA finds that the airworthiness regulations of this subchapter do not contain
         adequate or appropriate safety standards for an aircraft, aircraft engine, or propeller
         because of a novel or unusual design feature of the aircraft, aircraft engine or propeller,
         he prescribes special conditions and amendments thereto for the product. The special

                                                                    20
         conditions are issued in accordance with Part 11 of this chapter and contain such safety
         standards for the aircraft, aircraft engine or propeller as the FAA finds necessary to
         establish a level of safety equivalent to that established in the regulations."

         Therefore, in accordance with Section 333 and 14 C.F.R. § 21.16, the FAA may prescribe
special conditions for Lappert Smith's intended operation of the DJI S800 UAS, which contain
such safety standards that the Administrator finds necessary to establish a level of safety
equivalent to that established by Section 21.185, and which will permit safe operation of the DJI
S800 UAS for the special purpose of conducting aerial inspection over rural areas of the United
States.

     X. A Summary That Can Be Published In The Federal Register, stating: The Rules
                                    From Which Lappert Smith Seeks Exemption:

Lappert Smith Technologies LLC seeks exemption from the requirements of14 C.P.R.§§ 91.9(b),
91.203(a), 91.203(b), 45.23(b), 21.185, 45.27(a), 91. 7(a), 91.103, 91.109(a), 9J.Jl9, 91.121,
91.151(a), 91.405(a), 91.407 (a)(J), 91.409 (a)(2), 91.147 (a), 91.147(b), and 61.113

A Brief Description Of The Nature Of The Exemption Lappert Smith Seeks:
This exemption will permit Lappert Smith to operate an Unmanned Aircraft System over certain
rural areas of the United States, while keeping the documents required by the regulations at the
ground control station and immediately accessible to the pilot in command Furthermore, the
exemption will relieve Lappert Smith from the airworthiness certificate standards and the
requirement to have a certificate of airworthiness for its Unmanned Aircraft System. This
exemption will also permit any required markings concerning the operational status of the UAS
to be displayed on the fuselage ofthe unmanned aircraft.

                                                                      21
                                              XI. CONCLUSION

         As set forth above, Lappert Smith seeks an exemption pursuant to 14 C.F.R. § 11.61 and
Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012, which will permit safe
operation of the Dll S800 UAS commercially, for the special purpose of conducting aerial
inspections over certain rural areas in the United States. By granting this Petition, the FAA
Administrator will be fulfilling the Congressional mandate of the FAA Modernization and
Reform Act of2012, while also advancing the interests ofthe public, by allowing Lappert Smith
to safely, efficiently, and economically operate the Dll S800 UAS commercially within the
NAS.

         WHEREFORE, in accordance with the Federal Aviation Regulations and the FAA
Modernization and Reform Act of 2012, Section 333, Lappert Smith respectfully requests that
the Administrator grant this Petition for an exemption from the requirements 14 C.F.R. §§
91.9(b), 91.203(a), 91.203(b), 45.23(b), 21.185, 45.27(a), 91.7(a), 91.103, 91.109(a), 91.119,
91.121, 91.151(a), 91.405(a), 91.407 (a)(l ), 91.409 (a)(2), 91.147 (a), 91.147(b), and 61.113

Dated: New York, New York
         June 5, 2015

Respectfully submitted,

                                                                Michael Bruk, Esq.
                                                           Attorney for Petitioner,
                                              Lappert Smith Technologies LLC

                                               The Law Office ofMichael Bruk
                                        138 W. 25th St, lOth Floor, Suite ClOOl

                                                            New York, NY, 10001
                                                               Tel: (212) 203-9303
                                                              Fax: (347) 710-1791

                                                        Email: mb@bruklaw.com

                           22
Spreading Wings S800
User Manual

v 1.7

2012.12.24 Revision
  ©2012 OJ! Innovations. All Rights Reserved.  1

www.d ji-in novations.com
©2012 OJ! innovations. All Rights Reserved.  2

Disc Ia ime rRead this disclaimer carefully before using Spreading Wings S800. By using this product,

you hereby agree to this disclaimer and signify that you have read them fully. Spreading Wings S800 is an excellent
multi-rotor. With a good autopilot, it will offer tremendous flight features. Despite the controller of DJI autopilot operate
in the safest manner when the main power battery is connected, we strongly recommend customers to remove all
frame arms, and keep children away during system calibration and parameter setup.

As DJIInnovations has no control over use, setup, final assembly, modification (including use of non-specified DJI
parts i.e. motors, ESCs, propellers, etc.) or misuse, no liability shall be assumed nor accepted for any resulting
damage or injury. By the act of use, setup or assembly, the user accepts all resulting liability.
DJIInnovations assumes no liability for damage(s) or injuries incurred directly or indirectly from this product usage.

DJI Spreading Wings is registered trademark of DJI Innovations. Names of product, brand, etc., appearing in this
manual are trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective owner companies. This product and manual are
copyrighted by DJI Innovations with all rights reserved. No part of this product or manual shall be reproduced in any
form without the prior written consent or authorization of DJIInnovations. No patent liability is assumed with respect to
the use of the product or information contained herein.
©201 2 OJ I Innovations. All Rights Reserved.  3

5800 ProfileoJI Spreading Wngs ssoo is a multi-rotor designed for AP. It simplifies users'

installation and enables quick disassembling. Frame arm integrates with ESC and motor. Wth DJI VVKM autopilot
system, it can achieve hovering, cruising and other flight elements. S800 can be applied for aerial photography and
other aero-modeling activities.

mm(t.enghth)
   ©2012 DJIInnovations. All Rights Reserved.  4

ContentSoisdaimer                               2
                                                3
S800 Profile                                    4
Contents                                        5
Product Usage Cautions                          6
In Box                                          6
Tools Needed                                    7
Center Frame Wiring                             8
Mount Center Frame                              9
Mount Frame Arms                               11
Mount Bi-pod                                   13
Assembly                                       14
ESC Sound                                      14
Specifications                                 16
Appendix                                       16
                                               17
      Mount Battery Bracket                    18
      Trouble Shooting
      Spare Parts Listing
©2012 OJ! Innovations. All Rights Reserved.                                                              5

product Usage CautionSWhen flying, thefast rotating propellers of 5800 may

cause serious damage(s) and injuries. Therefore, please fly with a high safety in mind at all time.

   Mount Attention

        Mount GPS with a bracket, to avoid interference from the power board of center frame.
         For IMU position, make sure the arrow direction marking is pointing to the aircraft nose.
        The receiver is recommended strongly to be installed under the bottom board of center frame, and the

        head of antenna is downward without any obstacle. The aircraft will be out of control, since the

        wireless signal may be lost by the obstacle.

e . . eMount the arms correctly.

®.... ®

Center frame  ArmCenter frame                Arm

For removing screws in the bottom board, please proceed with cautious, avoiding damages. Do not

remove any other screws fixed with glue.

Notice matching the indications is very important, please pay attention to them.

Flight Attention

    With DJI WKM autopilot system, make sure the output signal of WKM F1-F2 and M1-M6 are all normal,

    to avoid serious damage(s) and injuries.

    Keep flying multi-rotor a distance from people, building, high-voltage lines, etc.
    Make sure to use 6S LiPo power battery.
    Do not get close to or touch the working motors and propellers, which will cause serious injury.

    Do not over load the multi-rotor.
    Make sure the propellers and the motors are installed correctly and firmly before flying.
    Make sure all parts of 5800 are in good condition before each flight Do not fly with wore or broken

    parts.

    Strongly recommend you use DJI parts as much as possible.

Others

               If you have any problem you cannot solve, please contact agents or DJI customer service.
   ©2012 OJ! Innovations. All Rights Reserved.                                                               6

In Box                                          Frame Ann 800FAx6
                                                T Frame 800TFx2,Aiuminum Ring 800ARx2
  Center Frame 800CFx1                          Bi-pod Drawbar 800BDx4

                    I
                    I

  H Frame SOOHF x1

  Base Pipe 800BPx2

Silicone Rubber Damper 800SRDx4                 Nonslip Damper 800NDx4
                                                Screw Package SOOSP x1
                    I
                   I

3-PIN Servo Cable SOOSC x1

                                                Hexagonal screws: M3x8_ M2.5x5              HC-M3.0x22     ..
                                                Hexagonal socket head cap screws:

                                                                       HC-M2.5x5 HC-M2.5x8  HC-M3x8. T2x9

Adhesive Velcro SOOAV x1, Battery Band SOOBB x2

Tools Needed

2.0mm Hex Wrench, 2.5mm Hex Wrench For mounting screws.

Screw Glue                                      For fastening screws.

Nylon Cable Tie                                     For binding devices and wires.
Scissors                                        For fixing receiver, controller and other modules.
Diagonal Cutting Pliers
Foam Double Sided Adhesive Tape
©2012 DJIInnovations. All Rights Reserved.                                                                7

Center Frame Wi ri ngTop board is power distribution board, and the bottom board is for

loading autopilot system components.

                                                        ------- Bottom Boan

                                                     ---- ___ cSlot

Top Board

lMU mount position

Notices:

                For IMU position, make sure the arrow irection marking is pointing to the aircraft nose.

                    Tap Board                                        Maar number

Connect the motor 3-pin connector (M1-M6) from VvKM M.C. to ESC signal socket (M1-M6) on

                                                                     To imbal

C signal outlet
center frame markings accordingly.

                                              Botto

(VvKM M.C. M1  ESC signal scket M1,                  , VvKM M.C. M6  ESC signal socket M6)

                    Slot                                                Mak

                                                                     Tips: Main battery

                                                                     power leads, gimbal and
                                                                     PMU leads are on the
                                                                     bottom surface of the
                                top board. XT60 Male

Markings  and stand for the propeller rotation direction. means clock-wise, and means

counter clock-wise.lf you need other lead connector, please cut the original connector and solder on the new

connector. (But not Recommend)
 ©2012 DJIInnovations. All Rights Reserved.                                                8

Mount Center Frame

Remove Screws                                          Fix Screws
~OOCF

M2.5X5

Step1: Mount IMU module into IMU position in the center frame. Ensure IMU casing is out of touch the top board
             edge, as vibration can cause IMU mal-function.

Step2: Please mount DJI Autopilot System parts onto the bottom board (not including GPS modules). Please remove
             all the screws from the bottom board first if necessary.

Step3: Connect Autopilot System and receiver. Please refer to OJI WKM User Manual for details. Step4:
Please mount the screws to bottom board, and use adequate screw glue.

StepS: Mount the GPS on the top board with a bracket.

Step6: Configure Autopilot System. Please refer to DJI WKM User Manual.

Notices:

       Make sure to mount the IMU module at the IMU position first.

       Mount the GPS with a bracket, to avoid interference from center frame power board.
       Ensure the USB port of the M.C. outwards for easy access.
       Please wire neatly. Make sure wires will not be cut by the edge of frames.

Tips:

Install screws with appropriate strength to prevent damage threads.
   ©2012 OJ! Innovations. All Rights Resetved.                                      9

Mount Frame Arms                                                            Step 2

Step 1

                                                Copper contacts

over ~---.!i                                    Motor rotation direction

ilotor---1<+"""'~                                      Clock-wfse
sc----".,:'""~~                                        Coul\1er clock-wrse

.ED------

     Red

      Green

                                                                            Step 5

Step1: Check arms.

              (1) Make sure copper contacts are in good condition without bend or severe wear. n
              (2) Make sure propellers are without crack, and screws in propeller cover tight
              (3) Make sure motors are mounted firmly, and rotate freely.
              (4) Distinguish LED indicator on the ESC bottom. Wth a red point in is red LED, others are green LED. We

                     recommend you mount arms with red LED to M1 and M2.
              (5) Distinguish marks and on the arms.

                  Arm Center frame

                  Arm Center frame

Step2: Insert frame arm into center frame vertically. x1800FA
Step3: Slowly rotate the frame arm upward until positioned completely.

Step4: Press down the buckle to lock the arm. Make sure the arm does not move.

StepS: Make sure the buckle is pressed down correctly, about 35° under normal circumstances.
Notices: · Please add some lubricant at the position (1) if it is hard to press down the buckle.
· Slowly rotate the frame arm to prevent from breaking the copper contacts.

     Please refer to {2) to ensure the arm is perfectly positioned.
     Make sure use appropriate strength to press down the buckle correctly.
     Do not hot plug arms.
    If the motor mount loosens, please tighten it by following the procedures in trouble shooting of Appendix.

Tips:

LED is on after motor start.                                                                                    10

 Examination

 ©20'12 OJ! Innovations. Ali Rights Reserved.

             Arms( D®are aircraft nose direction, arms®® are aircraft tail. See from top, motors on
             arms(D®® rotate counter dockwise; motors on arms®®® rotate clockwise.

                                                                 t6)
I'

    Mount Bi-pod

    Step1

    SOOHF          Xl                                ···+
    tiOIJIID       X4
    SOitAA         X2
    HC-M2.5XS
                   X8

    IMZ.SD         x4
      HC..M3.ox22  x2

    Step3

    Step2 (Fix, but not tighten screws)

       800TF
       800BP
       800SRD
       80DND

     ©2012 OJ! Innovations. All Rights Reserved.           11

    Step1: Mount T frame BOOTF and base pipe 800BP.

                 (1) Put nonslip damper 800ND through the base pipe.
                (1) Put the base pipe into T frame until the head of nonslip damper is embedded into T frame.
                (2) Embed the other nonslip damper into the T frame.
                (2) Put silicon rubber damper 800SRD onto both sides of the base pipe.

    Step2: Mount H frame800HF and bi-pod drawbars 80080.

              (1) Fix (but not tighten) hexagonal socket head cap screws~ (Fig.{D) to H frame and bi-pod drawbar

                   (Fig.(D).
(2) Adjust drawbar and T frame, and fix (but not tighten) hexagonal socket head cap screw~
      (Fig.@) to drawbar and aluminum ring 800AR.
©2012 OJ I Innovations. All Rights Reserved.                                                         12

StepJ: Mount H frame and T frame.

              (1)  Insert T frame through aluminum ring until it plugs into H frame.
              (2)  Fix T frame notch into H frame bulges outwards, make sure T frame will not move.
              (3)  Put the bi-pod on the flat floor to adjust H frame and T frame.
              (4)  Tighten all hexagonal socket head cap screws (including and@).

Notices:

Put bi-pod on the flat floor to finish mounting smoothly and correctly.
Please mount the screws and use adequate screw glue.
Separate the bi-pod by disconnecting the H frame to make for easy carriage.

 Completed

Quick Disassembly
 ©2012 OJ! Innovations. ,l\11 Rights Reserved.                                                             13

Assembly

Assembly

Step1: Align all knobs on the H frame to the marks; refer to fig (1).
Step2: Ue frame and bi-pod horizontally, insert knobs into arms@ and® first, and then adjust to insert others into

              the arms.

Step3: Rotate the knob to the end, as fig (2) shown.

Notices:
                                                 @

. ®Ensure all knobs on the H frame aligned to the marks, and they would go through the arms successfully.

Tips:                                                                          ()

.      It is convenient for you to carry S800 by quick disassembly (Frame, Bi-pod, Frame and Bi-pod).
©2012 OJ I Innovations. All Rights Reserved.                                             14

ESC Sound                                     Sound
                                              /1234567
 ESC State                                    888888...

 Ready                                        8 8 B...
 Throttle stick is not at bottom              8 8 - 8 8 - 8 8 - 8 8 ...
 Input signal abnormal
 Input voltage abnormal

Tips:

DJI ESCs are specially designed for multi-rotors. \Mien use with DJI autopilot systems, you do not have to setup

any parameters or calibrate travel range.

Specifications                                 800mm
                                               350mm
 Frame                                         304g

 Diagonal Wheelbase                            240mm
 Frame Arm Length                              365g
 Frame Arm Weight                              500mm(length)x415mm(\Mdth)x320mm(Height)
 (Including Motor, ESC, Propeller)             (Topwidth: 145mm)
 Center Frame Diameter                         428g
 Center Frame Weight                           2.6Kg
 Bi-pod Size
                                              41x14mm
 Bi-pod Weight                                320rpmN
 Total Weight                                 360W
                                              147g
 Motor

 Stator Size
 KV
 Max Power
 Weight

 ESC
©20i 2 OJI Innovations. All Rights Reserved.                                             15

 Current                                      40A OPTOVoltage  6S LiPo
 Signal Frequency                             30Hz- 450Hz
 Drive PWM Frequency                          24KHz
 Weight                                       18g

 Propeller                                    Carbon Fiber
                                              15x04in
 Material                                     15g
 Size
 Weight                                       5.0Kg- 7.0Kg
                                              OKg -2.5Kg
 Flight Parameters
                                              LiPo (6S_ 10000mAh-15000mAh. 15C(Min))
 Takeoff Weight                               2100W
 Load Weight                                  720W(@ Takeoff Weight 6Kg)
 Power Battery                                Max: 16 min (@10000mAh&6KgTakeoff Weight)
 Max Power Consumption
 Hover Power Consumption
 Hover Time
 ©2012 OJ! Innovations. All Rights Reserved.                                           16

AppendixMount Battery Bracket

Step1: Mount the retaining clip and the bracket, fix screws (but not tighten).

Step2: Place the mounting board and adjust its position, and then tighten all screws.

~~~-- -~l'arallel ......
..P..a. =riiJ=Iel.-'j'!iliO..il"f'-
Step1  For arms                                                                For arms

Step3  For arms                                                                For arms

©2012 OJ! Innovations. All Rights Reserved.                                                             17

Tro ubI e S h ooti n Qltthe motor mount loosens, please tighten it by following the procedures.

Step2

Step1: Remove. Please unscrew the screws on the top.
Step2: Tighten. Retighten the motor mount screws on the back to make the motor firmly attached. Step3:

Remount. Remount the screws on the top.

 Notices:                                                                      is different from arm .

Shim should be mounted in the correct position, as shim mount position of arm

           Tips:

Please use adequate screw glue.
Install screws with appropriate strength.
Spare Parts Listing

If SBOO needs part replaced, please refer to the following diagram to identify the part with the NO. and components,
and then make a purchase. Each package includes screws needed.

                     ~-----'<~~r

           ___.._.llj

NO. Name                                   Components

   I I15'Propeller CCW S8010101A         1sso1o1o1s

   2 15'Propeller CW              Components
   ©2012 DJIInnovations. All Rights Reserved.                      18

3 4114 Motor 320KV 58010301, 58010302, 58010303

58010401A, 58010402, 58010403, 58010404

    5 Frame Arm (Clockwise)              580104018, 580104o2, 58010403, 58010404

    6 ESC (Red LED)                          I58010601, 58010602R

                                                         Frame Arm (Counter Clockwise)

$

 4

7 ESC (Green LED) 58010601,, 58010602G

8   Frame Arm w/ Propeller& Motor& ESC   5.

    1. CCW&RedLED                            1, 3, 4, 6
                                             1,3,4,7
    2. CCW &Green LED                        2,3,5,6
    3. CW&RedLED                             2,3,5,7
    4. CW & Green LED
Notices:@

The diagram is only for counter clockwise  rotation propeller and frame arm.For

clockwise propeller and frame arm, it is 580101018 and 580104018.
                                            8021

                                            Bollur 01

©2012 DJIInnovations. All Rights Reserved.             19

Ensure to solder thick wires and fine wires correctly, when solder ESC to frame arm.Clockwise and counter dockwise
motor should be soldered to ESC correctly by different color order.
                              Red

                                    Black ----------:~'¥---,F-=-,

                                            ~d--------------~~~

                                 Black-----------,,......;
                                      Biu~e ~~~~~~~
                             Thick. wire,--"'j'"-->~----#.11"'--:!hfn.

                   Fm11 wire,---±~~.,..fi!q-il~"-

                               ~irl~wi~·~z
                             Thick wire..:::::::=~~~~;._:x_

For arms
For arms

Enamel Wire
Shield Wire
©2012 DJI Innovations. All Rights Reserved       Components                                                         20

 NO. Name                                        58020901.58020902.58020903.                            58020904
 9 Arm Mounting Bracket
 10 Center Frame Support Pillar                  58021001

 11 Center Frame Top &Bottom Board               58021101.58021102
 12 Top Board Cover for Arm Mounting Bracket     58021201

l{)l-----------,
102-----------,

iOl---ft                           IQB~--------------------S~l~

l l 2 ' - - -....                                                     ·S~lW.!>

os-----
:oa:---"1'

03-----flt                                       ~='----------S8032201

:xs----r--:.~             =:t:l::J~Jlr-~;fll---(l~er------;;:o~-----S8032202

:Qoll------.#il
xs:----·
i0&-----"1<------' "".......... ~  "',CJr'""--~-_;L,..d-=::------ S8031507

-01.---------'1~;"-""-~~                         ~~--S8032203
                                                 =-~........;;:=--.-
                                                                      S8032204

.02'--------t\_                                   IVJ ~I

.031-----------~~                                (1)

:X&::----------

~1--------~

                                                 (~~[10il~
                                                   l~Jt=J <:lD

                                                                                                5~1402

                                                    (I

58032201

                                                                                            Note1: All unlabeled screws are HC-M2.5X5.()
 Note2: (1) Left and right T-frames are different; (2) Left and right bi-pod top mounting hubs are different; (3) Left set,
 middle set and right set of bi-ped carbon tube bracket are different

·NO.,              IName                         I I ()
                                                             Components
                                                 58031301.58031302
13 H-Frame

                        Bi-ped Top Mounting Hub              58031401.58031402
215 H-Frame w/Bi-pod Top Mounting Hub            58031501.58031502.58031503.58031504.

                                                 58031505.58031506.58031507.13.14
  16                                                            58031801
                                                     58031901
T-Frame(Right)
58031601, 58031602, 58031603                                  158032001
                                                     58032101, 58032102(2pcs) , 58032103
                                      58031601
                      T-Frame Nonslip Damper (4pcs)            158032201, 58032202, 58032203, 58032204
                                                     58031501, 58031502, 58031503, 58031504,
  19 T-Frame Silicone Rubber Damper (4pcs)           58031505

 ILV 1::11-pod carbon 1ube

  21 Bi-pod Drawbar

       I l::!attery 1ray

  23 Bi-pod Carbon Tube Bracket(Left Set)

 L4                                                  58031501, 58031502, 58031503, 58031504,
                                                     58031506
Bi-pod Carbon Tube Bracket(Middle Set)

©2012 OJ! Innovations. All Rights Reserved.                                                 21

58031501, 58031502, 58031503, 58031504,25            Bi-pod Carbon Tube Bracket(Right Set)

                                                     58031507

Lti ::;crew t-'acK ML.o.X.o                                 lwpcs
27 Screw Pack M3X8
                                                     lOpes
                ::;crew t-'acK ML.o.X.l::i
                                                        Ilopes
                           Lappert Smith's Unmanned Aircraft Svstem
                                           Operations Manual

                                                   Part A

I. Responsibility and duties of support personnel in the operation of the UAS
         a. Mission Commander
                   1. The Mission Commander's main duty during the deployment ofthe UAS
                       is to operate the UAS safely while accomplishing the goals ofthe client.
                  11. The Mission Commander has absolute authority to reject a flight based on
                       personnel safety or violation ofFAA regulations
                            1. No member of the team, regardless oftitle, shall order an operator
                                to make a flight when, in the opinion of the Mission Commander,
                                 it poses a risk to personnel or is in violation ofFAA regulations
                 111. Mission Commanders shall see-and-avoid any obstacle that will lessen
                       safety during the mission
                  IV. Mission Commander shall be responsive to the requests of the observer in
                       order to accomplish the deployment
         b. Pilot in Command
                   1. The Pilot In Command (PIC) is responsible for compliance with this
                       manual, as well as applicable FAA regulations
                  n. The PIC is directly responsible for, and is the final authority over the
                       actual operation ofthe UAS
                 111. The PIC shall monitor the radio with tower as needed for updates
         c. Visual Observers
                   1. Observers shall see-and-avoid any obstacle that will lessen safety during
                       the mission and inform the PIC
                  u. Observers shall operate any attachments to the UAS, allowing the PIC to
                       maintain complete focus on the operation of the UAS.
                 111. Observers shall remain alert for suspicious persons or activities on the
                       ground and coordinate response by ground units.

                                                       Page lof6
1v. Observers shall assist the PIC to achieve the main objective of safe
     operation ofthe UAS

v. Observers shall be responsible for documentation for mission training and
     updating of flight books

II. Crew health and appropriately fitness prior to conducting any operations.
         a. Medical Factors
                   1. Operator and Observers shall only deploy the UAS when rested and
                       emotionally prepared for the tasks at hand
                  11. Physical illness, exhaustion, emotional problems, etc., can seriously
                       impair judgment, memory and alertness
                            1. Any operator, pilot, or observer is expected to refrain from
                                 conducting UAS operations when a problems exists that could
                                reasonably be expected to affect their ability to perform flight
                                duties
                 111. A self-assessment of physical condition shall be made by all members
                       during pre-flight activities
                 1v. No member shall act as an operator or observer within eight hours after
                       consumption of any alcoholic beverage or while under the influence of
                       alcohol

                        PartE

I. Operating Documents

a. This Operations Manual, the UAS manufacturers manual, and a grant of

exemption and/or Certificate of Authorization (COA), will at all times during the

UAS's operation be accessible and available for presentation upon request from a

law enforcement official or other proper authority

II. Preflight

a. Prior to each flight, the PIC inspect the UAS to ensure it is safe for operation

1. No operations shall be conducted until a condition that affects safe

               operation, if one exists, is corrected

                        Page 2 of6
                  1. Any replacement or maintenance of a flight critical component
                       must undergo a functional test flight
                           a. Each maintenance event must be documented and signed
                                prior to resuming UAS to operations.

b. Airframe Inspection
          1. Cracks (especially in high stress areas like joints)
        11. Loose or damaged screws I fasteners I bands I straps I ties

        111. Loose or damaged wiring
        IV. Loose or damaged connections (solder, plugs, etc)
         v. Inspect prop mounts, screws and apply slight counter pressure on arms to

              check for loosened construction
        v1. Battery/batteries fully charged (25.2 volts), properly seated and secured
       vu. Remove props and test fail-safe behavior
      vm. Props are smooth and free of damage/defect (blade, surface, & hub)
        IX. Tighten prop adapters
         x. Ensure voltage alarm is connected
        x1. Ensure arming/idle timeout is properly configured
       xu. Check your RC transmitter shows the right range and centering for all

              sticks
      x111. If desired, perform range test Check RC(TXIRX) operation range (on the

              ground!) from time to time (and before 1st flight)
c. POWER UP PROCEDURE

          1. Batteries charged & secured
         Il. Plan aircraft mission coordinates in accordance with location and possible

              hazards
        m. Position aircraft in a level, safe location for takeoff
        IV. !fusing onboard video recorder (i.e., Gopro), tum on camera
         v. All transmitter controls must move freely in all directions
        v1. All transmitter trims must be in their neutral positions
       vn. All transmitter switches must be in the correct position (Transmitter

              throttle to zero)

                                                    Page 3 of 6
                vm. Turn on radio transmitter on
                  1x. Connect/power on battery to airframe
                   x. Ensure led indicators & audible tones are all indicating correctly
                  x1. Ensure the autopilot has a GPS fix. When switching to Loiter mode, listen
                        for a beep or TX to say flight mode 2
                 xu. For manual start ensure Loiter and Auto controls are turned off, and set to
                        Stabilize

                xn1. Ensure compasses are calibrated and the right setting is loaded.
                x1v. Timer on (if applicable)
                 xv. Stand clear- audibly, loudly announce the word "CLEAR!"
                xv1. Arm flight controller
III. Take-off
         a. Operating limitations and conditions

                    1. Minimum Personnel Requirements
                            1. The minimum personnel required on ALL missions will be a
                                Mission Commander, PIC and at least one (1) Observer.
                                       a. Under !!Q circumstances will a PIC attempt to complete a
                                            deployment alone

         b. Certificate of Authorization (COA)
                   1. No UAS operations will begin until a COA is obtained for that PIC unless
                             1. Otherwise allowed by law or specific FAA exemption
                  u. A Notice to Airman (NOTAM) will be requested no more than 72 hours in
                       advance, but no less than 12 hours prior to, any planned operation unless
                             1. Otherwise allowed by law or specific FAA exemption

         c. Markings:
                    1. N-Number markings must be as large as practicable and in accordance
                        with FAA guidelines

         d. In flight
                   1. NO operations of any kind will be conducted in within a five (5)
                       nautical miles vicinity of an airport reference point without written
                       consent from the controlling agency, office, or authority

                                                              Page 4 of6
                  n. All UAS operation will be conducted a safe distance from people, animals
                       and objects

         e. Take-offWeight
                   i. The UAS take-off weight must not exceed 30 pounds.

         f Maximum Speed
                   i. The UAS will operate at a speed no greater than 30 miles per hour.

         g. Maximum Operational Height in AGL
                   1. The UAS will be operated at an altitude of no more than 400ft above
                       ground level (AGL)

         h. Minimum Operating Battery Power Level
                   1. All UAS operations will cease when the battery power level reaches 30%
                       of full capacity

         1. Pilot in Control (PIC)
                   1. ANY AND ALL operations will be conducted by a PIC with a private
                       pilot license and who holds at least a Second-Class Medical.
                  11. The PIC must be designated prior to take-off
                           1. The designation ofPIC cannot be transferred at any time during
                                operations

        J. Visual Observer (VO)
                   1. No UAS operations will be conducted without at least one (1) visual
                       observer

        k. Visual Line of Sight (VLOS) operation
                   1. At all times, the UAS will be operated within visual line of sight of the

                vo

        1. Visual Meteorological Conditions (VMC)
                  1. UAS operations will be conducted during the daytime only and under
                       visual meteorological conditions

IV. Landing
         a. Tum offthe Multi-Rotor first and disconnect the flight battery before turning off
             the transmitter

                                                              Page 5 of 6
V. Emergency Procedures
         a. Pre-determined landing area
                   1. In the event of flight termination due to a critical system failure, the UAS
                       must be programmed to land in a pre-determined location.

VI. After the flight (post-flight Check)
         a. Disconnect the battery
         b. Visually inspect the body and propellers.
         c. Document any damaged or structurally deficient areas.

                                                Parte
I. Maintenance

         a. UAS maintenance activities will be conducted in accordance with the procedures
              specified in the Maintenance Manual

         b. Specialist equipment items maintenance activities will be conducted in
              accordance with the respective manufacturers' service manuals by persons with
              technical knowledge and expertise

II. Maintenance
         a. Each maintenance event must be documented and signed prior to resuming any
             UAS to operations
         b. Records
                   1. Maintenance Records shall be kept on file and available for inspection or
                       review within a reasonable period of time

                                                        Page 6 of6
