September 17, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12892
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA-2015-2637

Mr. Lawrence Bridges
Owner
Black Forest GunWurk, LLC dba SAS Defense dba Southern Air Services
101 Demorest Square
Demorest, GA 30535

Dear Mr. Bridges:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated May 22, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of Black Forest GunWurk, LLC dba SAS Defense dba Southern Air Services
(hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption. The petitioner requested to operate an
unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct photogrammetry, aerial photography, mapping,
and surveying.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner are the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ and DJI Inspire 1.

In accordance with the statutory criteria provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in
reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited
                                                                                                                 2

operating area associated with the aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation
has determined that this aircraft meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA
finds that relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts,
Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing
requirements of part 36, is not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Southern Air Services is granted an exemption from
14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c),
91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to
the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                             3

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Southern Air Services is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom 2
    Vision+ and DJI Inspire 1 when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload.
    Proposed operations of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to
    amend this exemption.

2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
    not permitted.

3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
    exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
    compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
    airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
    aircraft manufacturer.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.

    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
    electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
    must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
    required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
                                                                                                            4

    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.
                                                                                                            5

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.
                                                                                                            6

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

    The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
    nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
    reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
    contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.
                                                                                                                 7

 If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
 television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                                                 8

This exemption terminates on September 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,
/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
                                  UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
                             DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION
                           FEDERAL AVIATION ADMINISTRATION

                                          WASHINGTON, DC

                             Regulatory Docket No. _ _ _ _ __

            IN THE MATTER OF THE PETITION FOR EXEMPTION OF:
                                       LAWRENCE BRIDGES

                                    SOUTHERN AIR SERVICES

 FOR AN EXEMPTION SEEKING RELIEF FROM THE REQUIREMENTS OF
               TITLE 14 OF THE CODE OF FEDERAL REGULATIONS

    SECTIONS 61.113(a) & (b). 91.7(a). 91.121. 91.15Hb). 91.405(a). 91.407(a)(l),
    91.409(a)(l) & (a)(2). AND 91.417(a) & (b) CONCERNING COMMERCIAL
OPERATION OF DJI PHANTOM 2 VISION+ AND DJI INSPIRE 1 UNMANNED

                                        AIRCRAFT SYSTEMS
                                PURSUANT TO SECTION 333 OF
             THE FAA MODERNIZATION AND REFORM ACT OF 2012

                                        (PUBLIC LAW 112-95)

                                      Submitted on May 22, 2015

                                       Lawrence Bridges. Owner
                                      Black Forest GunWurk. LLC

                                           DBA: SAS Defense
                                      DBA: Southern Air Services

                                           101 Demorest Square
                                           Demorest GA 30535

                                               706-778-1440

                                     Hereafter referred to as "SAS".
                                        TABLE OF CONTENTS
                                                                                                             Page

GLOSSARY OF
ABBREVIATIONS ............................................................................................................3

SUl\1Mr\RY ......................................................................................................................... 4

INTRODUCTION AND INTERESTS OF PETITIONER. ............................................... .4

Bi-\CI(C1RC)lJND................................................................................................................ 5

BASIS FOR
PETITION ........................................................................................................................... S

         NAME AND ADDRESS OF PETITIONER..........................................................7
         TllE SPECIFIC SECTIONS OF 14 C.F.R. FROM WHICH SAS SEEKS
         EXEMPTI()N ..........................................................................................................8
         THE EXTENT OF RELIEF SAS SEEKS AND THE REASON SAS SEEKS
         TI-lE RELIEF .................................................................................. .11
         THE REASONS WHY GRANTING SAS REQUEST WOULD BE IN THE
         PUBLIC INTEREST ................................................................................. 14
         THE REASONS WHY GRANTING THE EXEMPTION WOULD NOT
         ADVERSELY AFFECT
         SAFETY................................................................................................................ 17
CC)NCLtJSION ................................................................................................................. 32
AGL          GLOSSARY OF ABBREVIATIONS
AOI
ATC               Above Ground Level
ATO               Area oflnterest
AV                Air Traffic Control
                  Air Traffic Organization
CFR               Aerial Vehicle
                  Code ofFederal Regulations
COA               Certificate of Authorization
FAA               Federal Aviation Administration
fAR               Federal Aviation Regulation
GCS               Ground Control Station
GPS               Global Positioning System
LOL               Loss of Link
NAS               National Airspace System
NOTAM             Notice to Airman
PJC               Pilot In Command
Section 333       FAA Modernization and Reform Act of2012 (FMRA)
                  Safety Observer
so                Standard Operating Procedures
                  Unmanned Aircraft
SOP               Unmanned Aircraft System
UA                Visual Flight Rules
UAS               Visual Line of Site
                  Visual Meteorological Conditions
VFR               Vertical Takeoff and Landing

VLOS

VMC

VTOL
                                                SUMMARY
          SAS seeks exemption from the requirements of 14 C.F.R §§ 61.113(a) & (b),
91.7(a), 91.12L 91.15l(b), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(l), 91.409(a)(l) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a)
& (b). to operate an Unmanned Aircraft System pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA
Modernization and Reform Act of2012 (FMRA). This exemption will permit SAS to
operate an Unmanned Aircraft System (UAS) for the commercial purpose of conducting
PI-IOTOGRAMMETRY, AERIAL PHOTOGRAPHY, MAPPING and SURVEYING
over certain areas of the United States.

              INTRODUCTION AND INTERESTS OF THE PETITIONER
          My name is Lawrence Bridges, I am the owner of SAS. I hold an ATP Multi-
Engine Land. certificate #2737408, date of issue 07 MAR 2008, with five (5) PIC Type
Ratings. I have served as a Part 121 Air Carrier PIC with over 8000 hours and was a Part
135 Air Taxi Chief Pilot. Since there are no current UAV regulations on the books just
yet, I am seeking exemptions pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and
Reform Act of2012.
         The objective is to add services to my existing company in order to offer
PHOTOGRAMMETRY, AERIAL PHOTOGRAPHY, MAPPING and SURVEYING
over certain areas of the United States for commercial purposes.
                                             BACKGROUND
          Unmanned Aircraft Systems: DJI Phantom 2 Vision+, DJI Inspire 1 UASs
         SAS seeks an exemption to operate DJI systems for compensation or hire within
the NAS. The DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ and DJI Inspire 1 are vertical takeoff and landing
(VTOL) Unmanned Aircraft (UA) with a Ground Control Station (GCS) utilizing
electronic tablet or smart phone systems. The DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ has a maximum
gross weight of approximately 2 pounds 11 ounces, while having a length of 16 inches
width of 16 inches, height of 8 inches, and a maximum speed of approximately 29 knots.
The OJ I Inspire 1 has a maximum gross weight of 6 pounds 7.5 ounces, a length of 17.3
inches, width of 17.7 inches, height of 11.8 inches, and a maximum speed of
approximately 42 knots. The DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ and DJI Inspire 1UAs are equipped
with four main rotors; driven by Lithium Polymer battery powered electric motors.
         The DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ and DJI Inspire 1 UAs that will be operated by SAS
will be registered in accordance with 49 U.S.C. 44103, Registration ofAircraft, as well as
I4 C.F.R Part 4 7, Aircrqfi Registration, and marked in accordance with 14 C.F.R. Part 45,
identification and Registration Marking.

                                         BASIS FOR PETITION
         Petitioner, SAS, pursuant to the provisions of the Federal Aviation Regulations
(14 C.F.R. § 11.61) and the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of2012 (FMRA),
Section 333, S!xcial Rulesfin· Certain Unmanned Aircraft Systems, hereby petitions the
Administrator to commercially operate the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+, DJI Inspire 1 UASs
in the National Airspace System (NAS), and for an exemption from the requirements of
14 C.F.R §§ 61.113(a) & (b), 91.7(a), 91.121, 91.151(b), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(l),
91.409(a)(l) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b).
         In consideration of the speed, weight, size, and limited operating area associated
          In consideration of the speed, weight, size, and limited operating area associated
with the unmanned aircraft and its operation, SAS operation ofDJI Phantom 2 Vision+
and D.lllnspire 1 UASs meets the conditions ofFMRA Section 333 and therefore, will
not require an airworthiness certificate in accordance with 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H.

          Accordingly, SAS requests relieffrom Sections 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1),
91.409(a)(l) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b), as these sections set forth requirements for
maintenance that only apply to aircraft with an airworthiness certificate.

          SAS submits that the requested relief is proper since fi-n equivalent level of safety
will be ensured. SAS will use experienced personnel or technicians to perform
maintenance, alterations, or preventive maintenance on the UASs using the methods,
techniques, and practices prescribed in the operating documents (i.e., Monthly
Maintenance Log, and DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ and DJI Inspire 1 Instruction Manual).
Furthermore, SAS will document and maintain all maintenance records for the DJI
Phantom 2 Vision+ and DJI Inspire 1 UASs.

         Relief from certain requirements of Section 61.113(a) and (b), entitled Private
pilot priPileges and limitations: Pilot in command, is requested by SAS to the extent
necessary to allow a Pilot in Command (PIC) holding a private pilot or higher level
certificate, as well as an airman medical certificate, and who has demonstrated, by
meeting minimum flight- hour and currency requirements, that the PIC is able to safely
operate the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ and DJI Inspire 1 UASs in a manner consistent with
this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and maintaining appropriate
distances from people, vessels, vehicles and structures.

         SAS seeks relief from Section 91. 7(a), entitled Civil aircraft airworthiness,
because the D.II Phantom 2 Vision+ and DJI Inspire 1 UASs do not require an
airworthiness certificate in accordance with 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H. As such, SAS
submits that he will ensure that the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ and DJI Inspire 1UASs are in
an airworthy condition, prior to every flight, by determining that the UASs are in
compliance with the operating documents (i.e., Monthly Maintenance Log, and DJI
Phantom 2 Vision+ and DJI Inspire 1 Instruction Manual), and that the aircraft are in a
condition for safe t1ight.

                                                                 '-

          SAS also seeks an exemption from the requirements of Section 91.121, entitled
Altimeter Se!lings, as the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ and DJI Inspire 1 UAs will not have a
typical barometric altimeter onboard. However, altitude information ofthe DJI Phantom
2 Vision+ and DJI Inspire 1UAs will be provided to the PIC via Global Positioning
System (GPS) equipment and radio communications telemetry data link, which
downlinks from the UA to the GCS for active monitoring of the flight path. This altitude
information, combined with SAS's operation ofthe DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ and DJI
Inspire I UASs within visual line of sight, at or below 400 feet AGL, will ensure a level
of safety equivalent to Section 91.121.

          Additionally, SAS seeks an exemption from the requirements of Section
91.151 (b), entitled Fuel requirements for flight in VFR conditions. SAS submits that
safety will not be affected by operation of the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ and DJI Inspire 1
UAs during daylight hours in visual meteorological conditions (VMC) under visual flight
rules (VFR), with enough battery power to fly for a total duration of approximately 13.5
minutes to the first point of intended landing and, assuming normal cruising speed, to fly
after that for at least 4.5 minutes.

         In accordance with 14 C.F.R. § 11.81, SAS provides the following information in
support of its petition for exemption:

         A. Name and Address of the Petitioner.
The name and address of the Petitioner and point of contact is:
Lawrence Bridges
Southern Air Services
I0 I Demorest Smmre
Demorest GA 30535
706-778-1440
captbridges@aol.com
B. The Specific Sections of 14 C.F.R. From Which SAS Seeks Exemption.
         1. SAS Seeks Exemption from the Requirements of Section 61.113(a) and
             (b).

         Section 61.113, entitled Private pilot privileges and limitations: Pilot in command,

         subsections (a) and (b) prescribe the following, in relevant part:
         (a) No person who holds a private pilot certificate may act as a pilot in command

              (PIC) of an aircraft that is carrying passengers or property for compensation or
              hire; nor may that person, for compensation or hire, act as PIC of an aircraft.
         (b) A Drivate pilot may, for compensation or hire, act as PIC of an aircraft in
              connection with any business or employment if-

              ( 1) The flight is only incidental to that business or employment; and

                   (2) The aircraft does not carry passengers or property for compensation or

                   hire.
         2. SAS seeks Exemption from the Requirements of Section 91.7(a).

         Section 91.7, entitled Civil aircraft airworthiness, subsection (a), states the

         following:

         (a) No person may operate a civil aircraft unless it is in an airworthy condition.

         3. SAS seeks Exemption from the Requirements of Section 91.121.

         Section 91.121, entitled Altimeter settings, subsection (a), states the following, in

         part:
         (a) Each person oDerating an aircraft shall maintain the cruising altitude or flight

              level of that aircraft, as the case may be, by reference to an altimeter that is set,
              when operating--
              ( l) Below 18,000 feet MSL, to--

                   (i) The current reDorted altimeter setting of a station along the route and
                        within 100 nautical miles of the aircraft;

                   (ii) Ifthere is no station within the area prescribed in paragraph (a) (1) (i)
                        of this section, the current reported altimeter setting of an appropriate
                        available station; or

                   (iii) In the case of an aircraft not equipped with a radio, the elevation of
                         the departure aimort or an appropriate altimeter setting available
                         before departure.
4. SAS seeks Exemption from the Requirements of Section 91.151(b).
Section 91.151, entitled Fuel requirements for flight in VFR conditions,
subsection

(b). states the following:

(b) No oerson mav bezin a flizht in a rotorcraft under VFR conditions unless
     (considerinz vvind and forecast weather conditions) there is enouzh fuel to flv
     to the first ooint ofintended landinz and, assuming normal cruising speed, to
    jly C(/fer thatfor at least 20 minutes.

5. SAS seeks Exemption from the Requirement of Section 91.405(a).

Section 91.405, entitled Maintenance required, subsection (a), states the

following: Each owner or operator of an aircraft-
(a) Shall have that aircraft inspected as prescribed in subpart E of this part and

     shall between required inspections, except as provided in paragraph (c) of this
     section, have discrepancies repaired as prescribed in part 43 of this chapter[.]
6. SAS seeks Exemption from the Requirements of Section 91.407(a) (1)

Section 91.407, entitled Operation after maintenance, preventive maintenance,

rebuilding. or alteration, subsection (a) (1), states the following:
(a) No person mav operate anv aircraft that has undergone maintenance,

     preventive maintenance, rebuilding, or alteration unless--
     ( I ) It has been approved for return to service by a person authorized under §

         43.7 ofthis chapter[.]
7. SAS seeks Exemption from the Requirements of Sections 91.409(a) (1) and

   91.409(a) (2).
Section 91.409, entitled Inspections, subsection (a), states the following:

(a) Except as provided in paragraph (c) of this section. no person mav operate an
     aircraft unless, within the preceding 12 calendar months, it has had--
    ( 1) An annual insoection in accordance with oart 43 of this chaoter and has
         been aooroved for return to service by a person authorized by§ 43.7 of
         this chapter; or
    (2) An insoection for the issuance of an airworthiness certificate in accordance
         with part 21 of this chapter.

8. SAS seeks Exemption from the Requirements of Sections 91.417(a) and
   91.417(b).

Section 91.417, entitled Maintenance records, subsections (a) and (b), state the

following:
(a) Except for work performed in accordance with && 91.411 and 91.413, each

    registered owner or operator shall keep the following records for the periods
    specified in paragraph (b) of this section:
    (1) Records of the maintenance, preventive maintenance, and alteration and
                    records of the 100-hour. annuaL orogressive, and other required or
                   aporoved insoections, as aporopriate, for each aircraft (including the
                   airframe) and each engine, propeller, rotor, and appliance of an aircraft.
                   The records must include--

                   (i) A description (or reference to data acceptable to the Administrator) of
                       the work performed; and

                   (ii) The date of completion of the work performed; and

                   (iii) The signature, and certificate number of the person approving the
                         aircraft for return to service.

          (2) Records containing the following information:
                   (i) The total time in service of the airframe, each engine, each propeller,
                       and each rotor.

                   (ii) The current status of life-limited parts of each airframe, engine,
                        propeller, rotor, and appliance.

                   (iii) The time since last overhaul of all items installed on the aircraft which
                         are required to be overhauled on a specified time basis.

                   (iv) The current inspection status of the aircraft including the time since
                         the last inspection required by the inspection program under which
                         the aircraft and its appliances are maintained.

                   (v) The current status of applicable airworthiness directives (AD) and
                        safety directives including, for each, the method of compliance, the
                        AD or safetydirective number and revision date. If the AD or safety
                        directive involves recurring action, the time and date when the next
                        action is required.

                   (vi) Copies of the forms prescribed by (3 43.9(d) of this chapter for each
                         maior alteration to the airframe and currently installed engines, rotors,
                         propellers, and appliances.

         (b) The owner or operator shall retain the following records for the periods
              prescribed:

              ( 1) The records specified in paragraph (a)( 1) of this section shall be retained
                   unti 1the work is repeated or superseded by other work or for 1 year after
                   the work is performed.

              (2) The records specified in paragraph (a) (2) of this section shall be retained
                   and transferred with the aircraft at the time the aircraft is sold.

              (3) A list of defects furnished to a registered owner or operator under (3 43.11
                   of this chaoter shall be retained until the defects are repaired and the
                   aircraft is approved for return to service.

C. The Extent of Relief SAS Seeks and the Reason SAS Seeks the Relief.

          I. Extent of Relief SAS Seeks and the Reason SAS Seeks Relief from Section
             61.113(a) and (b).

         Relief from Section 61.113(a) and (b) entitled Private pilot privileges and

limitations: Pilot in command, is requested to the extent necessary to allow a PIC holding

a private pilot or higher level certificate, as well as a current and valid airman medical
certificate, and who has met certain f1ight-hour and currency requirements, to conduct the
proposed UAS t1ight operations for compensation or hire.

         This relief is requested since the limitations set forth in Section 61.113(a) and (b)
state that a private pilot may, for compensation or hire, act as PIC of an aircraft in
connection with any business or employment if: (1) The flight is only incidental to that
business or employment; and (2) The aircraft does not carry passengers or property for
compensation or hire.

         As set forth more fully below, SAS submits that an equivalent level of safety will
be maintained because no PIC will be allowed to operate the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+
UAS or DJllnspire 1 UAS unless that PIC has met certain flight-hour and currency
requirements, demonstrating that the PIC is able to safely operate either the DJI Phantom
2 Vision+ or DJI Inspire 1 UAS in a manner consistent with the operations specifications
as described in this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers, as well as
maintaining appropriate distances from people, vessels, vehicles and structures.

         Further, SAS submits that all flights ofthe DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ and DJI
Inspire I UASs, conducted by the PIC pursuant to the grant of this Petition: (1) will be
incidental to SAS 's business; and (2) will not carry passengers or property for
compensation or hire.

         2. Extent of Relief SAS Seeks and the Reason SAS Seeks Relief from Section
             9l.7(a).

         Relief from Section 91.7(a) entitled Civil aircraft airworthiness, is requested to
the extent required to allow SAS to determine that the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ and DJI
Inspire I UASs are in airworthy condition prior to every flight by ensuring that the UAS
is in compliance with the operating documents (i.e., the SAS Aerial Operations Manual,
Monthly Maintenance Log, and DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ and DJI Inspire 1 Instruction
Manual).

         SAS seeks the requested relief because the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ and DJI
Inspire 1 UASs do not require an airworthiness certificate in accordance with 14 C.F.R.
Part 2 I. Subpart H. Therefore, SAS will ensure that the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ and DJI
Inspire I UASs are in airworthy condition based upon its compliance with the operating
documents (i.e., Monthly Maintenance Log, and DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ and DJI Inspire
I Instruction Manual) prior to every flight, and further, determine that the aircraft are in
condition for safe f1ight, as stated in the conditions and limitations below.

          3. Extent of Relief SAS Seeks and the Reason SAS Seeks Relief from Section
             91.121.

          Relief from Section 91.121, entitled Altimeter settings, may be required to allow
f1ight operations of the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ and DJI Inspire 1 UASs, which utilize a
barometric pressure sensor, GPS equipment, and a radio communications telemetry data
link to downlink altitude information from the UA to the PIC at the ground control
station (GCS). Since the FAA requires that any altitude information concerning UAS
operations be reported to air traffic control (ATC) in feet above ground level (AGL), SAS
seeks the requested relief because the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ and DJI Inspire 1 UA's
altimeter may be set on the ground to zero feet AGL, rather than the local barometric
pressure or field altitude, before each f1ight.

         Considering the limited altitude of the proposed operations, relief from 14 CFR
9 I. I2 I is sought to the extent necessary to comply with the applicable conditions and
limitations stated below. As more fully set forth herein, an equivalent level of safety will
be maintained since the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ and DJI Inspire 1 UAs are equipped with
a barometric pressure sensor and GPS equipment, which automatically ensures that a
ground level pressure setting will be established prior to each flight, and provides the PIC
with altitude information of the UA on the heads-up display of the GCS.

         4. Extent of Relief SAS Seeks and the Reason SAS Seeks Relief from Section
             91.151(b).
          Relief from Section 91.151 (b) entitled Fuel requirements for flight in VFR
conditions, is requested to the extent required to allow t1ights of the battery powered DJI
Phantom 2 Vision+ and DJI Inspire 1 UAs during daylight hours in visual meteorological
conditions (VMC), under visual f1ight rules (VFR), for a total duration of 13.5 minutes to
the first point of intended landing and, assuming normal cruising speed, to fly after that
for at least 4.5 minutes. SAS seeks the requested relief because without an exemption
from Section 91.151 (b), the flight time duration of the battery powered DJI Phantom 2
Vision+ and DJI Inspire 1 UAs will severely constrain the practicality of any aerial video
or still photo flight operations that SAS proposes to conduct pursuant to this Petition.

          Significantly, as set forth below, the technical specifications of the DJI Phantom 2
Vision+ and DJI Inspire 1 UASs, the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ and DJI Inspire 1 operating
documents, and SAS proposed operating limitations, ensure that SAS will safely operate
the battery powered DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ and DJI Inspire 1 UAs during daylight hours
in visual meteorological conditions (VMC), under visual f1ight rules (VFR), with enough
battery power to f1y for a total duration of 13.5 minutes to the first point of intended
landing and, assuming normal cruising speed, to fly after that for at least 4.5 minutes.

         5. Extent of Relief SAS Seeks and the Reason SAS Seeks Relief from Sections
             91.405(a), 91.407(a) (1), 91.409(a) (1) & (a) (2), and 91.417(a) & (b).

         Since Sections 9l.405(a), 91.407(a)(l), 91.409(a)(l) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b)
only apply to aircraft with an airworthiness certificate, SAS requests relief from these
Sections because the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ and DJI Inspire 1 UASs do not require
airworthiness certificates. As set fmih more fully below, the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ and
DJI Inspire 1 UASs meet the conditions ofFMRA Section 333 for operation without an
airworthiness certificate. Accordingly, SAS will use trained technicians to perform
maintenance, alterations, or preventive maintenance on the UASs using the methods,
techniques, and practices prescribed in the UAS operating documents (i.e., the SAS
Aerial Operations Manual, Monthly Maintenance Log, and DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ and
D.l I Inspire 1 Instruction Manual). Furthermore, SAS will document and maintain all
maintenance records for the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ and DJI Inspire 1 UASs.

D. The Reasons Whv Grantin2: SAS Reuuest Would Be In The Public Interest; That
    Is, How It Would Benefit The Public As A Whole.

             Granting the present Petition will further the public interest by allowing SAS
      safely, efficiently, and economically perform PHOTOGRAMMETRY, AERIAL
Pl-IOTOCiRAPHY, MAPPING and SURVEYING over certain areas of the United States.

         Additionally, use of the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ and DJI Inspire 1 UASs will
decrease congestion of the NAS, reduce pollution, and provide significant benefits to the
economy. Notably, the benefits of SAS's proposed operation of the DJI Phantom 2
Vision+ and DJI Inspire 1 UASs will be realized without implicating any privacy issues.

          1. The Public Will Benefit From Decreased Congestion Of The NAS.
         The DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ and DJI Inspire 1 UAs are battery powered and serve
as a safe, ef1icient, and economical alternative to the mmmed aircraft traditionally utilized
Lo obtain aerial imagery. By reducing the amount ofmmmed aircraft needed to perform
aerial acquisitions, an exemption allowing the use of a DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ or DJI
Inspire I UAS would reduce the amount ofmmmed aircraft in the NAS, reduce noise and
air pollution, as well as increase the safety of life and property in the air and on the
ground.
         Furthermore, by reducing the number of manned aircraft operating in the NAS,
congestion around airports caused by arriving and departing aircraft will be reduced. The
OJ I Phantom 2 Vision+ and DJI Inspire 1 UAs do not require an airport to takeoff or land.
Likewise, a reduction of manned aircraft conducting aerial video and photography
missions would result in fewer aircraft that must be handled by air traffic control during
the ground, takeoff: departure, arrival, and landing phases of flight operations.
          2. The Public Will Benefit From The Safetv And Efficiency Of The DJI
              Phantom 2 Vision+ and DJI Inspire 1 UASs.

          Conducting aerial acquisitions with the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ and DJI Inspire 1
UASs, instead of manned aircraft, will greatly benefit the public by drastically reducing
the levels of air and noise pollution generated during traditional aerial video and still
photography flight operations. By using battery power and electric motors, the DJI
Phantom 2 Vision+ and DJI Inspire 1 UASs produce no air pollution, and is the most
viable environmentally conscious alternative to the cabin class, six cylinder internal
combustion engine aircraft that are typically utilized for aerial video and photography,
while burning approximately 20-30 gallons per hour ofleaded aviation fuel. The DJI
Phantom 2 Vision+ and DJI Inspire 1 UAs, while reducing the carbon footprint of aerial
acquisitions, also eliminates noise pollution, as the UAs are propelled by battery powered
electric motors, rather than an internal combustion engine.

         By using the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ and DJI Inspire 1 UASs to perform aerial
acquisitions, the substantial risk to life and property in the air and on the ground, which is
usually associated with traditional manned aircraft flight operations, will be substantially
reduced or completely eliminated. Aside from the lack of flight crew members located
onboard the aircraft, the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ and DJI Inspire 1 UAs (weighing
approximately 2 pounds 11 ounces and 6 pounds 7.5 ounces respectively, at their
maximum gross weights with lengths of 16 inches and 17.3 inches respectively, widths of
16 inches and 17. 7 inches respectively, and with no fuel on board), has less physical
potential for collateral damage to life and property on the ground, and in the air,
compared to the manned aircraft that typically conduct similar operations (weighing
approximately 6,000 pounds with a wingspan of approximately 42 feet, a length of 34
feet, and a fuel capacity of 180 gallons).
          3. Performin!! Aerial Video and Photo!!raohv Ooerations With The DJI
             Phantom 2 Vision+ and DJI Inspire 1 UASs Will Benefit The Economy.

          In addition to being safe and efficient, the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ and DJI Inspire
I UASs are also an economical alternative to using manned aircraft to conduct similar
aerial operations. As such, operation of the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ and DJI Inspire 1
UASs will allow United States based companies, like SAS, to remain competitive and
contribute to growth ofthe U.S. economy. Specifically, with the rising cost of aviation
fuel and the Environmental Protection Agency ("EPA") regulatory actions phasing out
leaded aviation fuels, U.S. owned and operated companies must adopt new and
alternative technology in order to remain competitive. Operating the battery powered DJI
Phantom 2 Vision+ and DJI Inspire 1 UASs is one such technology that not only allows
companies greater operational flexibility compared to manned aircraft, but provides such
flexibility without the high operational cost of a traditional mmmed aircraft.

          By operating the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ and DJI Inspire 1UASs, companies such
as SAS, can remain competitive and profitable, and therefore, provide greater job
stability to employees and contractors, which will ultimately contribute to growth of the
U.S. economy. Improved financial performm1ce of U.S. companies, through commercial
use of the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ and DJI Inspire 1UASs, provides a stable workforce
that increases consumer spending; improves local, state, and federal tax revenues; and
allovv·s companies to invest in research and development in order to remain competitive
both in the United States and abroad.

         4. The1·e Are No Privacy Issues.
Similar to the manned aerial acquisition flight operations that have been conducted for
decades, SAS 's proposed operation of the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ and DJI Inspire 1
UASs will not implicate any privacy issues. Specifically, the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ and
DJI Inspire 1 UASs will be operated only in compliance with operating documents (i.e.,

the SAS Aerial Operations Manual, Monthly Maintenance Log, and DJI Phantom 2

Vision+ and DJI Inspire 1 Instruction Manual) which requires property owner

involvement as well as local law enforcement notification, and in accordance with the

Federal Aviation Regulations, including the minimum altitude requirements of 14 C.F.R.

§91.119.

E. The Reasons Whv Grantine: The Exemotion Would Not Adverselv Affect Safety,
    Or How The Exemotion Would Provide A Level Of Safetv At Least Equal To
   That P1·ovided By The Rule From Which SAS Seeks Exemption.

          1. Reasons Whv The DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ and DJI Insoire 1 UAs Meet
             The Conditions Of The FAA Modernization and Reform Act of2012
              (FMRA) Section 333.

         In consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated

\Vith the unmanned aircraft and its operation, SAS's operation of the DJI Phantom 2

Vision+ and OJ I Inspire 1 UASs meet the conditions ofFMRA Section 333, and will not

require an airworthiness certificate in accordance with 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H.

         Section 333 provides authority for a UAS to operate without airworthiness

certification and sets forth requirements for considering whether a UAS will create a

hazard to users of the NAS or the public, or otherwise pose a threat to national security.

Specifically, FMRA Section 333 states the following, in part:
         (o) in General. --Notwithstandinf! anv other reauirement ofthis subtitle. and not
              later than 180 davs after the date ofenactment ofthis Act. the Secretarv of
              Tranmortation shall determine ifcertain unmanned aircraft svstems mav
              ooerate safelv in the national airsvace svstem before comvletion ofthe olan
              and rulemakinz reauired by section 332 ofthis Act or the guidance required
              by section 334 ofthis Act.
         (b) Assessment of Unmanned Aircraft Svstems. --In makinf! the determination
              under subsection (a), the Secretary shall determine, at a minimum--
                   (!) which tvves ofunmanned aircraft svstems. ifanv. as a result oftheir
                        size. weidtt. sveed. overational cavabilitv. vroximitv to aimorts and
                        vovulated areas. and overation within visual line ofsif!ht do not create
                       ·a hazard to users ofthe national airspace system. or the public or pose
                        a threat to national security; and

                   (2) ·whether a certificate ofwaiver, certificate ofauthorization, or
                        airworthiness certification under section 44704 oftitle 49. United
                        States Code. is reouired for the overation ofunmanned aircrqft
                        systems identified under paragraph (1).

          (c) Reouirements for Safe Overation.--Jfthe Secretarv determines under this
              section that certain unmanned aircraft svstems mav overate safelv in the
              national airsvace svstem. the Secretarv shall establish reouirements for the
              safe operation ofsuch aircraft systems in the national airspace system.

         In seeking this exemption, SAS submits that the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ and DJI

Inspire I UASs can operate safely in the NAS pursuant to FMRA Section 333, as

demonstrated by: (a) the characteristics of the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ and DJI Inspire 1

UASs; (b) the pilot certification requirement; and (c) the specific operating limitations.
             a. The Snecifications Of The DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ and DJI Inspire 1
                UASs Demonstrate Its Safe Characteristics.

         The DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ and DJI Inspire 1 UASs do not create a hazard to

users of the NAS or the public, or otherwise pose a threat to national security considering

its size, weight, speed, and operational capability.
                   i. Technical Snecifications Of The DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ and DJI
                     Inspire 1 UASs.

         The technical specifications of the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ and DJI Inspire 1

UASs are set forth by the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ and DJI Inspire 1 Specifications and

Data Sheet, attached hereto as Exhibit A and B.
                   ii. The DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ and DJI Insnire 1 UASs Autonomous
                      Fli2:ht And Navi2:ation Modes Enable The UASs To Remain Within
                      A Defined Operational Area.

         The DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ and DJI Inspire 1 UASs may be operated in both

manual and fully autonomous flight modes. A complete description of the flight and

navigational modes of the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ and DJI Inspire 1 UASs is provided at

pages 25-35 of the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ and pages 12-16 and 45-50 of the DJI Inspire

I User Manuals, attached hereto as Exhibit C and D.
                   iii. The DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ and DJI Insnire 1 UASs Are Desi2:ned
                       For Automatic Return To Home Point Or Hover In The Event Of
                       Loss Of The Control Link Or Navigation.
When the Control Link is lost, the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ and DJI Inspire 1 UAs

will remain stationary, in flight, for 3 seconds or more. If, after 3 seconds, the DJI

Phantom 2 Vision+ and DJI Inspire 1 UAs do not reacquire control link data from the

GCS, the UAs will assume that the Control Link is lost and the UAs will return to the

home position (i.e., failsafe mode) via GPS, and will descend to the takeoff position and
shutdown.

A complete description of the Failsafe Functions of the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+

UAS are set forth at pages 27 through 29 and for the DJI Inspire 1 at pages 13 through 15

of the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ and DJI Inspire 1 User Manuals, attached hereto as Exhibit

C and D.

          iv. The DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ and DJI Inspire 1 GCS and Its
              Operation.

          A complete description of the operation and specifications of the DJI Phantom 2

Vision+ and DJI Inspire 1 GCS and flight control software is provided at pages 32

through 43 of the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ User Manual and pages 40 through 47 of the

DJI Inspire 1 User Manual. DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ and DJI Inspire 1User Manuals are

attached hereto as Exhibits C and D.
             b. Fli~ht Ooerations Of DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ and DJI Insoire 1UASs
                Are Limited To The Line Of Sight Of A Certificated Pilot in Command
                With A Safety Observer.

         SAS will only utilize certificated pilots who possess a current and valid airman

medical certificate to act as a pilot in command (PIC) of the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ and

DJI Inspire 1 UASs. Additionally, a safety observer will assist all pilots during flight time.

             c. Fli~hts of DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ and DJI Insoire 1UASs Will Be
                Conducted Pursuant To Specific Operating Limitations.

         In seeking this exemption, SAS proposes to commercially operate DJI Phantom 2

Vision+ and DJI Inspire 1UASs for the special purpose of conducting aerial video and

photography over certain areas of United States, pursuant to the following specific

operating limitations:
         1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption will be limited to the
    following aircraft described in the operating documents, rotorcraft UASs
    weighing less than 55 pounds maximum gross weight: DJI Phantom 2 Vision+
    and DJI Insnire 1Unmanned Aircraft Systems. Proposed operations of any
    other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this grant.

2. t!AS onerations undet: this_ exemntion will be limited to conducting operations
    for the purpose of aenal vrdeo and photography.

3. The UAs may not be flown at an indicated airspeed exceeding 20 knots.

4. The UA must be ODerated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground
    level (AGL), as indicated by the procedures specified in the operating
    documents unless a special rec.lUest is made and approved by ATC. All altitudes
    reported to ATC must be in feet AGL.

5. The UAs must be ODerated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all
    times. This rec.lUires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any
    device other than corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued
    airman medical certificate.

6. The use of first person view (FPV) by the PIC or safety observer (SO) is not
    permitted.

7. All operations must utilize a safety observer (SO). The SO may be used to
   satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
   caoability. The SO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times.
   Electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The
    PIC must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her
   designation for the duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the SO can
   perform the functions prescribed in the operating documents.

~- The SO must not nerform any other duties beyond assisting the PIC with seeing
   and avoiding other air traffic and other ground based obstacles/obstructions
   and is not permitted to operate the camera or other instruments.

9. The ooerating documents and the grant of exemption must be accessible during
   UAS onerations and made available to the Administrator upon request. If a
   discreDancy exists between the conditions and limitations contained in the
   grant of exemntion and the txocedures outlined in the operating documents, the
   conditions and limitations contained in the grant of exemption take precedence
   and must be followed. Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as
   outlined in its ODerating documents. The operator may update or revise its
   operating documents. It is the operator's responsibility to track such revisions
   and present updated and revised documents to the Administrator upon request.
   The onerator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions
   for extension or amendment to the grant of exen11Jtion. If the operator
   determines that any undate or revision would affect the basis upon which the
   FAA granted the exemDtion. then the oDerator must netition for amendment to
   its grant of exemntion. The FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) maY be
   contacted if questions arise regarding updates or revisions to the operating
   documents.

10. Prior to each flight the PIC must inspect the UAS to ensure that it is in a
    condition for safe f1ight. If the inspection reveals a condition that affects the
     safe cmeration of the UAS, the aircraft is orohibited from operating until the
      necessary maintenance has been performed and the UAS is found to be in a
     condition for safe flight. The Ground Control Station must be included in the
     oreflight insnection. All maintenance and alterations must be properly
     documented in the aircraft records.

 11. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS
     ooeration or flight characteristics, e.g. replacement of a flight critical
     comnonent must undergo a functional test flight. The PIC who conducts the
     functional test flight must make an entry in the aircraft records.

 12. The m·e-flight inspection must account for all potential discrepancies, e.g.
     inonerable components, items, or equipment not already covered in the
     relevant sections ofthe operating documents.

13. The onerator must follow the UAS manufacturer's aircraft/component
     maintenance, overhaul, replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements.

14. The onerator must carry out its maintenance, inspections, and record keeping
     recmirements, in accordance with the operating documents. Maintenance,
     inspection, alterations, and status of replacement/overhaul component parts
     must be noted in the aircraft records, including total time in service,
     description of work accomplished, and the signature of the authorized person
     returning the UAS to service.

15. Each UASs operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
     Safety Bulletins.

16. The authorized person must make an entry in the aircraft record of the
     corrective action taken against discrepancies discovered between inspections.

17. The PIC must possess at least a private pilot certificate and at least a current
     third- class medical certificate.

18. The onerator may not nennit any PIC to operate unless the PIC meets the
     ooerator's qualification criteria and demonstrates the ability to safely operate
    the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated under the
    exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and maintaining
    aonrooriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours must be logged in a manner consistent with 14 C.F.R.
     ~ 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes oftraining the operator's PICs are
    oermitted under the terms of the exemption. However, training operations may
    only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During training,
    oroficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for fliQ;ht
    ooerations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 C.F.R. §
    91.119.

19. UAS cmerations may not be conducted during night as defined in 14 C.F.R. ~
    1.1. All operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions
    (VMC). If flight at night is required, a special request will be made at the
    FAA office closest to proposed area of operations. Flights under special visual
    flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.
 20. The UA may not ooerate within 5 nautical miles of an airoort reference ooint
      as denoted on a current FAA-oublished aeronautical chart unless a letter of
      agreement with that airoort's management is obtained, and the ooeration is
      conducted in accordance with a NOTAM as required by the ooerator's COA.
      The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
      to the Administrator upon request.

21. The UA may not be ooerated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
     horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from
     the PIC.

22. If the UA loses communications or loses its GPS signaL it must return to a
     nre- determined location within the olanned ooerating area and land or be
     recovered in accordance with the operating documents.

23. The PIC must abort the flight in the event ofunoredicted obstacles or
     emergencies in accordance with the operating documents.

24. The PIC is orohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and
     forecast weather conditions) there is enough oower to fly at normal cruising

    soeec~ t? the intended landing point and land the UA with 25% battery power

     remammg.

25. The cmerator must obtain an Air Traffic Organization (ATO) issued
     Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA) orior to conducting any
     onerations under the grant of exemotion. This COA will also require the
     onerator to request a Notice to Airman (NOTAM) not more than 72 hours in
     advance, but not less than 48 hours orior to the ooeration. All ooerations shall
     be conducted in accordance with airsoace requirements in the ATO issued
     COA including class of airspace, altitude level and potential transponder
     requirements.

26. All aircraft onerated in accordance with the exemotion must be identified by
     serial number, registered in accordance with 14 C.F.R. oart 47, and have
     identification (N- Number) markings in accordance with 14 C.F.R. part 45,
     Subpart C. Markings must be as large as practicable.

27. Before conducting ooerations, the radio frequency soectrum used for
     oneration and control of the UA must comolY with the Federal
     Communications Commission (FCC) or other appropriate government
     oversight agency requirements.

28. The documents required fewer than 14 C.F.R. 91.9 and 91.203 must be
     available to the PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the
     UAS is ooerating. These documents must be made available to the
     Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

29. The UA must remain clear and yield the right of way to all manned aviation
     operations and activities at all times.

30. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

31. Flight onerations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonoarticipating
     persons (persons other than the PIC, SO, operator trainees or essential
              persons), vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:

                   a. Barriers or structures are oresent that sufficiently protect
                       nonnarticinating nersons fi-om the UA and/or debris in the event of an
                       accident. The operator must ensure that nonparticipating persons
                       remain under such protection. If a situation arises where
                       nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet
                       of the UA, flight operations must cease immediately and/or;

                   b. The aircraft is operated near vessels, vehicles or structures where the
                       owner/controller of such vessels, vehicles or structures has granted
                       nermission and the PIC has made a safety assessment of the risk of
                       onerating closer to those objects and determined that it does not present
                       an undue hazard, and;

                   c. Onerations nearer to the PIC SO, operator trainees or essential persons
                       do not present an undue hazard to those persons per§ 91.119(a).

         32. All onerations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property
              with Dermission from the land owner/controller or authorized reDresentative.
              Permission from land owner/controller or authorized representative will be
              obtained for each flight to be conducted.

         33. Anv incident accident or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or
              vertical boundaries of the ODerational area as defined by the applicable COA
              must be reDorted to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24
              hours. Accidents must be renorted to the National Transportation Safety
              Board (NTSB) per instructions contained on the NTSB Web site:
              WWlN.ntsb.rrov.

         2. Reasons Whv an Exemotion from the Reouirements of Section 61.113(a)
             and (b) Would Not Adversely Affect Safety.

         SAS submits that the equivalent level of safety established by Section 61.113(a)

and (b) will be maintained because no PIC will be allowed to operate the DJI Phantom 2

Vision+ and DJI Inspire 1UASs unless that PIC has demonstrated, by meeting minimum

l1ight-hour and currency requirements, that the PIC is able to safely operate the DJI

Phantom 2 Vision+ or DJI Inspire 1UAS in a manner consistent with the exemption,

including evasive and emergency maneuvers and maintaining appropriate distances from

people, vessels, vehicles and structures.

         Considering SAS 's proposed area of operations, and the operating limitations set

forth-above; the parallel nature of private pilot aeronautical knowledge requirements to

those of commercial pilot requirements (See Exemption No. 11 062); and the airmanship

ski lis necessary to safely operate the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ or DJI Inspire 1UAS, SAS
submits that the additional manned airmanship experience of a commercially certificated

pilot would not correlate to the airmanship skills necessary for SAS's specific proposed
 f1ight operations.

          The FAA has previously granted relieffrom Section 61.113(a) and (b) specific to
UAS, in circumstances similar, in all material respects, to those presented herein (e.g.

Exemption Nos. 11062, 11063, 11064, 11065, 11066, 11067, 11080, 11109, 11110,
 11112,11136,11138,11150,11153,11156,11158,11159,11160, 11161).

          SAS will not allow any PIC to operate the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ or DJI Inspire
I UAS unless that PIC has demonstrated, by meeting minimum flight-hour requirements

or the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ or DJI Inspire 1UAS training and currency requirements,

that the PIC is able to safely operate the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ or DJI Inspire 1 UAS in

a manner consistent with this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers

and maintaining appropriate distances from people, vessels, vehicles and structures.

          Specifically, the PIC must have accumulated and logged, in a manner consistent
with 14 C. F. R. § 61.51 (b), 25 hours of total time as a UAS rotorcraft pilot (with a

minimum of 5 hours of those hours as a UAS pilot operating the same make and model of
UAS to be used for operations under the exemption). In addition to the hour requirements,

the PIC must accomplish 3 takeoffs and landings in the preceding 90 days (for currency
purposes).

          As in Exemption Nos. 11062, 11138, and 11153, prior documented flight
experience that was obtained in compliance with applicable regulations will ensure an
equivalent level of safety during SAS's proposed operations. The Administrator has held
that prior documented flight experience that was obtained in compliance with applicable

regulations would ensure safe operations, stating as follows:
          In Exemotion No. 11062, the FAA required that orior to conducting ooerations for
         the ouroose of motion oicture filming (or similar ooerations), the PIC must have
         accumulated and logged, in a manner consistent with 14 CFR 61.5l(b), 25 hours
         of total time as a UAS rotorcraft oilot including at least 10 hours logged as a UAS
         oilot with a multi-rotor UAS. Prior to ooerations under Exemotion No. 11062, the
         PIC must also have accumulated and logged a minimum of 5 hours as a UAS pilot
         onerating the same make and model ofUAS to be used for operations under the
         exemntion. For clarification, the FAA considers these minimum hour
         requirements to be inclusive rather than additive: i.e. 5 hours make and model
         time mav be included in the 10 hours of multi-rotor time and the 10 hours may be
          included in the total25 hours ofUAS rotorcraft time. In addition to the hour
         requirements, the PIC must accomplish 3 takeoffs and landings in the preceding
         90 davs (for currency purnoses). The FAA finds that at a minimum, the flight-
         hour reouirements in Exemntion No. 11062 are appropriate to practice and build
         nroficiencv in the skills necessary to safely conduct the petitioner's proposed
         onerations. The FAA also finds that prior documented f1ight experience that was
         obtained in comnliance with applicable regulations would satisfy this requirement.
         Training, nroficiency, and experience-building f1ights can also be conducted
         under the grant of exemption to accomplish the required f1ight time. During
         training, nroficiency, and experience-building flights the PIC is required to
         operate the UA with appropriate distances in accordance with 14 C.F.R 91.119.

Exemption No. 11138 at page 15.

         Accordingly, SAS will ensure safe operations by not allowing any PIC to operate

the 0.11 Phantom 2 Vision+ or DJI Inspire 1UAS unless that PIC has demonstrated, by

meeting minimum f1ight-hour and currency requirements, that the PIC is able to safely

operate the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ or DJI Inspire 1UAS in a manner consistent with the

exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and maintaining appropriate

distances from people, vessels, vehicles and structures.
         3. Reasons Whv an Exenmtion from the Requirements of Section 91.7(a)
             Would Not Adversely Affect Safety.

         The equivalent level of safety established by Section 91.7(a) will be maintained

because prior to every f1ight, SAS will ensure that the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ or DJI

Inspire 1UAS is in an airworthy condition based upon the UAS's compliance with its

operating documents and as stated in the conditions and limitations herein.

         Additionally, the FAA has previously granted relief from Section 91.7(a) specific

to UAS, in circumstances similar, in all material respects, to those presented herein (e.g.

Exemption Nos. 11062, 11063, 11064, 11065, 11066, 11067, 11080, 11109, 11110,

I 1112, 1I 136, 1113 8, 11150, 1115 3, 11156, 11157, 1115 8, 1115 9, 11160, 11161).
         4. Reasons Whv an Exemotion from the Requirements of Section 91.121
             Would Not Adversely Affect Safety.

         The equivalent level of safety established by Section 91.121 will be maintained
because the altitude information of the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ and DJI Inspire 1UAs will
be provided to the PIC via GPS equipment and a radio communications telemetry data
link, which downlinks from the UA to the GCS for active monitoring of the flight path
and altitude. This altitude information, combined with SAS's operation of the DJI
Phantom 2 Vision+ and DJI Inspire 1UAs within visual line of sight, at or below 400 feet
AGL, will ensure a level of safety equivalent to Section 91.121. The altitude information
will be generated by GPS equipment installed onboard the aircraft. Prior to each flight, a
zero altitude initiation point is automatically established by the UASs at ground level.

          The FAA has previously granted relief from Section 91.121 specific to UAS, in
circumstances similar, in all material respects, to those presented herein (e.g. Exemption
Nos. 11062,11063,11064,11065,11066,11067,11080,11109,11112,11136,11138,
11150,11153,11156,11157,11158,11159,11160, 11161).

         5. Reasons Whv an Exemotion from the Requirements of Section 91.15l(b)
             Would Not Adversely Affect Safety.

          A grant of this exemption would ensure an equivalent level of safety established
by 14 C. F. R. Section 91.151 (b) as a result of (1) the technical specifications of the DJI
Phantom 2 Vision+ and DJI Inspire 1 UASs; (2) the limitations on the proposed flight
operations; and (3) the location of the proposed flight operations. Accordingly, SAS will
ensure that it will safely operate the battery powered DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ and DJI
Inspire IUAs during daylight hours in VFR conditions, with enough battery power to fly
for a total duration of 13.5 minutes to the first point of intended landing and, assuming
normal cruising speed, to fly after that for at least 4.5 minutes.

          Here, as in Exemption No. 11109, the technical specifications ofthe DJI Phantom
2 Vision+ and DJllnspire 1UASs; the limitations on the proposed flight operations; and
the location of the proposed operations, will ensure an equivalent level of safety
established by 14 C.F.R. Section 91.151(b). Furthermore, safety will be ensured as the
DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ and DJI Inspire 1UASs provide audible and visual warnings to
the PIC at the GCS when the UAs experiences low battery voltage, the first warning
occurring at approximately 33% remaining battery power, and again at approximately 10%
remaining battery power. At the critically low battery level, the DJI Phantom Vision+ and
DJ I Inspire 1 UASs \vill descend and land automatically.

          Significantly, previous exemptions granted by the FAA concerning Section
91.151 establish that safety is not adversely affected when the technical characteristics
and operating limitations of the UAS are considered. Relief has been granted for manned
aircraft to operate at less than the minimums prescribed in Section 91.151, including
Exemption Nos. 2689, 5745, and 10650. Moreover, the FAA has previously granted
rei ief from Section 91.151 specific to UAS, in circumstances similar, in all material
respects, to those presented herein (e.g. Exemption Nos. 8811, 10808, 10673, 11042,
11062,11063,11064,11065,11066,11067,11080,11109,11110,11136,11138,11150,
11153, 11156,11157,11158,11159,11160, 11161).

         6. Reasons Whv An Exemotion From The Reauirements Of Sections
             9l.405(a). 91.407(a) (1). 91.409(a) (1) & (a) (2), And 91.417(a) & (b) Would
             Not Adversely Affect Safety.

         In seeking this exemption, SAS submits that the equivalent level of safety with
regard to the regulatory maintenance and alteration requirements established by Sections
91.405(a), 91.407(a)( 1), 91.409(a)(l) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b) will be met because
SAS will use trained technicians to perform maintenance, alterations, or preventive
maintenance on the UASs using the methods, techniques, and practices prescribed in the
operating documents (i.e., the SAS Aerial Operations Manual, Monthly Maintenance Log,
and DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ and DJI Inspire 1 Instruction Manual). Furthermore, SAS
will document and maintain all maintenance records for the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ and
DJ I Inspire 1 UASs.

         Since the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ and DJI Inspire 1 UASs will be inspected as
prescribed by the operating documents, SAS will maintain the equivalent level of safety
established by Sections 91.405(a), 91.409(a)(l), and 91.409(a)(2). A copy ofthe DJI
Phantom 2 Vision+ and DJI Inspire 1 User Manuals are attached hereto as Exhibit C and
D; a copy of the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ and DJI Inspire 1 UAS Maintenance LOG will
be an android based digital app that will be downloaded on a monthly basis to a hard
paper copy.

          Likewise, the exemption sought will not adversely affect safety because SAS will
use trained technicians to perform maintenance, alterations or preventive maintenance on
the UAS using the methods, techniques, and practices prescribed by the operating
documents.

         Furthermore, the exemption sought would maintain an equivalent level of safety
established by Sections 91.407, 91.417(a) and 91.417(b), because all maintenance of the
D.J I Phantom 2 Vision+ and DJI Inspire 1 UASs will be performed by trained technicians.
Maintenance will be documented and maintained utilizing the monthly maintenance log.

         Significantly, previous exemptions granted by the FAA concerning Sections
91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(l) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b) establish that safety
is not adversely affected when the technical characteristics and operating limitations of
the UAS are considered.

         In consideration ofSAS's proposed operating limitations, the operating
documents, and the technical aspects of the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ and DJI Inspire 1
UASs. SAS submits that safety will not be adversely affected by granting exemption
from 14 C.F.R. Sections 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(l) and (a)(2), 91.409(a)(2), and 91.417(a)
and (b). The FAA has previously granted relief specific to UAS in circumstances similar,
in all material respects, to those presented herein (e.g. Exemption Nos. 11062, 11063,
11064,11065,11066,11067.11080,11109,11110,11112,11136,11138,11150,11153,
11156,11157,11158,11159,11160, 11161).

         7. The FAA May Prescribe Any Other Conditions For Safe Operation.
         In accordance with Section 333 of the PAA Modernization and Reform Act of
2012 (FMRA) and 14 C.P.R. § 21.16 entitled Special Conditions, SAS requests that the

FAA prescribe special conditions for the intended operation of the DJI Phantom 2

Vision+ and DJI Inspire 1 UASs, which contain such safety standards that the
Administrator finds necessary to establish a level of safety equivalent to that established
by 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H, and 14 C.P.R §§ 61.113(a) & (b), 91.7 (a), 91.121,
91.151 (b), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(l ), 91.409(a)(l) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b). Such
special conditions will permit safe operation of the UAs for the limited purpose of
conducting aerial video and photography over certain areas of the United States for
compensation or hire. PMRA Section 333 sets forth the requirements for considering
whether a UAS will create a hazard to users of the NAS or the public, or otherwise pose a
threat to national security; and further, provides the authority for such UAS to operate

without airworthiness certification in accordance with any requirements that must be
established for the safe operation of the UAS in the NAS.

          Likewise, the Administrator may prescribe special conditions pursuant to 14
C.F.R.

§ 21.16, for operation of the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ and DJI Inspire 1 UASs, since the

airworthiness regulations of 14 C.P.R. Part 21 do not contain adequate or appropriate
safety standards, due to the novel or unusual design features of the aircraft. Section 21.16,
entitled Special Conditions, states the following:

          If the FAA finds that the airworthiness regulations of this subchapter do not
          contain adecmate or annronriate safety standards for an aircraft aircraft engine, or
          orcmeller because of a novel or unusual design feature of the aircraft aircraft
          engine or oroneller. he orescribes soecial conditions and amendments thereto for
          the nroduct. The snecial conditions are issued in accordance with Part 11 of this
          chanter and contain such safety standards for the aircraft aircraft engine or
          nroneller as the PAA finds necessary to establish a level of safety equivalent to
          that established in the regulations.

See 14 C.P.R.§ 21.16.
          Theref()re, in accordance with FMRA Section333 and 14 C.F.R. § 21.16, the

FAA may prescribe special conditions for SAS's intended operation ofthe DJI Phantom

2 Vision+ and DJI Inspire 1 UASs, which contain such safety standards that the

Administrator finds necessary to establish a level of safety equivalent to that established

by 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpmi H, and 14 C.F.R Sections 61.113(a) & (b), 91.7(a), 91.121,

91.15l(b), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(l), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b).
     · A Summarv That Can Be Published In The Federal Register, stating: The
          Rules From Which SAS Seeks Exemption:

          S'AS seeks exemotion kom the reauirements o(] 4 C.F.R Sections 61.1 JJ(a)&(b),
          9!. 7(a). 9 !. J21. 91.15 J(b), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(l), 91.409(a)(l) & (a)(2), and
          9 J.4 !7(a) & (b).

         A Brief Description of the Nature of the Exemption SAS Seeks:
          This exemvtion ~will vermit SAS to commerciallv overate an Unmanned Aircraft
         Svstem (UAS) for the vurvose ofconducting aerial video and photography over
          certain areas o/the United States.

     · Anv Additional Information, Views, or Arguments Available to Support
         SAS's Request.

         This Petition is made pursuant to the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of
         2012

(FMRA) Section 333, which directs the Secretary of Transportation to determine if

certain UAS may operate safely in the NAS. As such, SAS's request for exemption may

be granted pursuant to the authority ofFMRA Section 333 and 14 C.F.R. Part 11, as set

forth above.

         FMRA Section 333 sets forth the requirements for considering whether a UAS
\viii create a hazard to users of the NAS or the public, or otherwise pose a threat to
national security; and further, provides the authority for such UAS to operate without

airworthiness certification.

         As discussed in detail above, SAS will operate the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ and

DJl Inspire 1 UASs safely in the NAS, without creating a hazard to users of the NAS, or

the public, or otherwise pose a threat to national security
                                              CONCLUSION

         As set forth herein, SAS seeks an exemption pursuant to 14 C.F.R. § 11.61 and

Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of2012 (FMRA), which will

permit safe operation of the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ and DJI Inspire 1 UASs

commercially, without an airworthiness certificate, for the limited purpose of conducting

aerial video and photography over certain areas of the United States. By granting this

Petition, the FAA Administrator will be fultllling the Congressional mandate of the FAA

Modernization and Reform Act of 2012, while also advancing the interests of the public,

by allowing SAS to safely, efficiently, and economically operate the DJI Phantom 2

Vision+ and DJI Inspire 1 UASs commercially within the NAS.

         WHEREFORE, in accordance with the Federal Aviation Regulations and the

FAA Modernization and Reform Act of2012, Section 333, SAS respectfully requests that

the Administrator grant this Petition for an exemption from the requirements of 14 C.F.R

Sections 61.113(a) & (b), 91.7(a), 91.121, 91.15l(b), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(l),

91.409(a)(J) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b), and permit SAS to operate the DJI Phantom 2

Vision+ and DJI Inspire 1 UASs commercially for the purpose of conducting aerial video

and photography over certain areas of the United States.

Dated: May 22,2015

                                                                   Respectfully submitted,

                                                                   Lawrence Bridges

                    Lawr~ri~

                                                                   Lawrence Bridges
                                                                   Black Forest GunWurks, LLC
                                                                   DBA: SAS Defense
                                                                   DBA: Southern Air Services
                                                                   101 Demorest Square
                                                                   Demorest GA 30535
                                                                   706-778-1440
Appendices:

A- OJ! Phantom 2 Vision+ Soecifications Data Sheet
B - OJ l Insoire 1 Soecifications Data Sheet
C --OJ! Phantom 2 Vision+ User Manual
0 - OJ 1 Inspire 1 User Manual

                                               APPENDIX-A
              DJI PHANTOM 2 VISION+ TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS

SAS onlv utilizes safe and reliable UASs. DJI is an industry leader in small UAS
oroduction. OJI UASs are loaded with ground breaking software enabling the user to set
oarameters which will not allow flight into controlled airsoace. Parameters can also be set
to limit flight to no higher than a oredetermined and set altitude as well as limit flight to a
oredetermined and set distance. In addition, DJI software movides real-time altitude and
location information to the PIC via the linked monitor (smart phone/tablet devices)

    1.1 DJI Phantom 2 Vision+

          I. I. I Aircraft
                 I.1.1. I Suooorted Battery- DJI 5200mAH LiPo Battery
                 1. I. 1.2 Weight (Battery & Prooellers Included)- 2lbs 11.810oz (1242g)
                 1.1.1.3 Hover Accuracy (Readv to Flv)- Vertical: .8m; Horizontal: 2.5m
                 1.1.1.4 Max Yaw Angular Velocity- 200 0/s
                 I.1.1.5 Max Tilt Angel- 35 0
                 I.1.1.6 Max Ascent Soeed- 6m/s
                 I. I. I .7 Max Descent Sneed- 2m/s
                 I. I .1.8 Max Flight Speed- 15m/s (NOT RECOMMENDED)

          1.1.2 Gimbal
                 1.1.2.1 Working Current- Static: 750mA; Dynamic: 900mA
                 1.1.2.2 Control Accuracy- ±0.03 0
                 1.1.2.3 Controllable Range- Pitch: -900 - 00
                 1.1.2.4 Maximum Angular Speed- Pitch: 900/s

          1.1.3 Camera
                 I. 1.3.1 Ooerating Temoerature Range- 320F- 1040F (OOC- 400C)
                 I .1.3.2 Sensor Size- 1/2.3"
                 I. I.3.3 Effective Pixels- 14M
                 I. I .3.4 Resolution- 4384x3288
                 4. 1.3.5 HD Video Recording- 1080o30 & 720p
                 4. I .3 .6 Recording Field of View- 110 0/85 0

          I. I .4 Transmitter
                 1.1.4.1 Ooerating Frequency- 5.728GHz- 5.85GHz
                 I. I.4.2 Communication Distance (unobstructed)- FCC Compliance: 800m
                 1.1.4.3 Receiver Sensitivity (1 %PER) - -93dBm
                 1.1.4.4 Transmitter Power- FCC Compliance: 1OOmW
                 1.1.4.5 Working Voltage- 120mA@3.7V

          1.1 .5 Range Extender
                 1.1.5.1 Onerating Frequency- 2412-2462MHz
                 1.1.5.2 Communication Distance (unobstructed)- 500-700m
                 1.1.5.3 Transmitter Power- 20dBm
                 1.1.5.4 Power Consumption- 2W

                                               APPENDIX-B

                      DJI INSPIRE 1 TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS

SAS onlv utilizes safe and reliable UASs. DJI is an industry leader in small UAS
nroduction. DJI UASs are loaded with ground breaking software enabling the user to set
narameters which will not allow flight into controlled airspace. Parameters can also be set
to limit llir.d1t to no higher than a nredetermined and set altitude as well as limit flight to a
])redetermined and set distance. In addition, DJI software nrovides real-time altitude and
location information to the PIC via the linked monitor (smart phone/tablet devices)

     2.2 DJI Inspire 1

           2.2.1 Aircraft
                   2.2.1.1 Model- T600
                   2.2.1.2 Weight (Batterv Included)- 61bs 7.5291oz (2935g)
                   2.2.1.3 Hovering Accuracv (GPS Mode)- Vertical: 0.5m: Horizontal: 2.5m
                   2.2.1.4 Max Angular Velocity- Pitch: 300°/s; Yaw: 150°/s
                   2.2.1.5 Max Tilt Angle- 35°
                   2.2.1.6 Max Ascent Speed- 5m/s
                   2.2.1.7 Max Descent Speed -4m/s
                   2.2.1.8 Max Speed- 22m/s (ATTl mode, no wind- NOT RECOMMENDED)
                   2.2.1.9 Max Flight Altitude- 4500m
                   2.2.1.10 Max Wind Resistance- 10m/s
                   2.2.1.11 Max Flight Time- Approximately 18 minutes
                   2.2.1.12 Motor Model- DJI 3510
                   2.2.1.13 Propeller Model- DJI1345
                   2.2.1.14 Operating Temperature Range -14°F to 104°F (-10°C to 40°C)

                2.2.1.15 Dimensions -17 W' x 17 %" x 12"

           2.2.2 Gimbal
                   2.2.2.1 Model- ZEN MUSE X3
                   2.2.2.2 Output Power (with camera)- Static: 9W: In Motion: 11W
                   2.2.2.3 Operating Current- Static: 750mA; In Motion: 900mA
                   2.2.2.4 Angular Vibration Range- ±0.03°
                   2.2.2.5 Mounting- Detachable
                   2.2.2.6 Controllable Range- Pitch: -90° to +30°: Pan: ±320°
                   2.2.2.7 Mechanical Range- Pitch: -125° to 45°: Pan: ±330°
                   2.2.2.8 Max Controllable Speed- Pitch: 120°/s; Pan: 180°/s

           2.2.3 Camera
                   2.2.3.1 Name- X3
                   2.2.3.2 Model- FC350
                   2.2.3.3 Total Pixels -12.76M
2.2.3 Camera
        2.2.3.1 Name -X3
        2.2.3.2 Model- FC350
        2.2.3.3 Total Pixels -12.76M
        2.2.3.4 Effective Pixels -12.4M
        2.2.3.5 Image Max Size- 4000x3000
        2.2.3.6 ISO Range -100-3200
        2.2.3. 7 Field of View- 94°
        2.2.3.8 CMOS- Sony EXMOR 1/2.3"
        2.2.3.9 HD Video Recording- UHD (4K): 4096x2160p24/25.
                  3840x2160p24/25/30; FHD: 1920x1080p24/25/30/48/50/60; HD:
                  1280x720p24/25/30/48/50/60
        2.2.3.10 Operating Temperature Range- 32°F -104°F (0°C- 40°C)

2.2.4 Transmitter
        2.2.4.1 Name- C1
        2.2.4.2 Operating Frequency- 5.728-5.850GHz; 2.400-2.483GHz
        2.2.4.3 Communicating Distance (unobstructed)- 2000m
        2.2.4.4 Output Power- 9W
        2.2.4.5 Operating Temperature Range- 14°F to 104°F (-10°C to 40°C)
        2.2.4.6 Battery- 600mAh LiPo 2S
