June 16, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 11821
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­1115

Mr. S. Pierce Ledbetter, Jr.
LEDIC Management Group, LLC
2650 Thousand Oaks Boulevard
Suite 3100
Memphis, TN 38118

Dear Mr. Ledbetter:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated April 14, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of LEDIC Management Group, LLC (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an
exemption. The petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to
conduct aerial real estate video and photography.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a DJI Inspire 1.

In accordance with the statutory criteria provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in
reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited
operating area associated with the aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation
                                                                                                                 2

has determined that this aircraft meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA
finds that relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts,
Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing
requirements of part 36, is not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

· They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

· The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

· A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, LEDIC Management Group, LLC is granted an
exemption from 14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a),
91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and
91.417(a) and (b), to the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform
aerial data collection. This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed
below.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                             3

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, LEDIC Management Group, LLC is hereafter referred to as
the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Inspire 1 when
    weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any other
    aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
    not permitted.

3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
    exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
    compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
    airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
    aircraft manufacturer.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
    electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
    must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
    required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
                                                                                                            4

    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.
                                                                                                            5

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.
                                                                                                            6

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

    The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
    nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
    reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
    contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.
                                                                                                                 7

 If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
 television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                    8

This exemption terminates on June 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.
Sincerely,

/s/

John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
                              UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
                        DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION
                       FEDERAL AVIATION ADMINISTRATION

                                      WASHINGTON, DC

                         Regulatory Docket No. _ _ _ _ __

         IN THE MATTER OF THE PETITION FOR SECTION 333
           EXEMPTION OF LEDIC MANAGEMENT GROUP LLC
FOR A CERTIFICATE OF WAIVER OR AUTHORIZATION (COA) FOR

                       FLIGHTS AT OR BELOW 200 FEET

                                                            Submitted on April14, 2015
                                                            S. Pierce Ledbetter, Jr.
                                                            LEDIC Management Group, LLC
                                                            2650 Thousand Oaks Blvd, Suite 3100
                                                            Memphis, TN 38118
                                                            Tel (901) 435-7710
                                                            Pierce.Ledbetter@ledic.com
                                                            pierceledbetter@yahoo.com
                                          TABLE OF CONTENTS

                                                                                                               Page
 GLOSSARY OF ABBREVIATIONS...................................................................................3
 SUMMARY... ..... ........... ..... .......... ..... ............ .... ............. .. ................................... ... ..... ... ...... .4
 INTRODUCTION AND INTERESTS OF PETITIONER....................................................4
 BACKGROUND............ ........ .. ..... ...... ... ....... ...... ..... ...... ......... .................. ............... ........ ......4
BASIS FOR PETITION.........................................................................................................5

          NAME AND ADDRESS OF PETITIONER.............................................................8
          THE SPECIFIC SECTIONS OF 14 C.P.R. FROM WHICH LEDIC
          MANAGEMENT GROUP LLC SEEKS
          EXEMPTION.................................................................9

          THE EXTENT OF RELIEF LEDIC MANAGEMENT GROUP LLC SEEKS
         AND THE REASON LEDIC MANAGEMENT GROUP LLC SEEKS THE
         RELIEF ... ...................... l3

         THE REASONS WHY GRANTING LEDIC MANAGEMENT GROUP LLC'S
         REQUEST WOULD BE IN THE PUBLIC INTEREST
         ......................................................... 18

         THE REASONS WHY GRANTING THE EXEMPTION WOULD NOT
         ADVERSELY AFFECT SAFETY.......................................................................... 19
         SUMMARY THAT CAN BE PUBLISHED IN THE FEDERAL REGISTER......34
         ANY ADDITIONAL INFORMATION, VIEWS, OR ARGUMENTS
         AVAILABLE TO SUPPORT LEDIC MANAGEMENT GROUP LLC'S
         REQUEST ........ .34

CONCLUSION..... ............. ..... .. .... ....... ........ ....... ......... ...... ....... ..... ... ......... ...... ......... ..... .. ....35
APPENDICES .. ... ........ .. ......... .... ......... .. ......... ................................... .....37

                                                             2
 AGL         GLOSSARY OF ABBREVIATIONS
 AOI
 ATC             Above Ground Level
 ATO             Area of Interest
 AV              Air Traffic Control
 CPR             Air Traffic Organization
 COA             Aerial Vehicle
FAA              Code ofFederal Regulations
                 Certificate ofAuthorization
FAR              Federal Aviation Administration
                 Federal Aviation Regulation
GCS              Ground Control Station
GPS              Global Positioning System
LOL              Loss of Link
NAS              National Airspace System
NOTAM            Notice to Airman
PIC              Pilot In Command
Section 333      FAA Modernization and Reform Act of2012 (FMRA) Section 333
                 Safety Observer
so               Standard Operating Procedures
                Unmanned Aircraft
SOP             Unmanned Aircraft System
UA              Visual Flight Rules
UAS             Visual Line of Site
VFR             Visual Meteorological Conditions
VLOS            Vertical Takeoffand Landing
VMC
VTOL

             3
                                               SUMMARY

             Pierce Ledbetter seeks exemption from the requirements of 14 C.F.R §§
 61.113(a) & (b), 91.7(a), 91.121, 91.151(b), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(l), 91.409(a)(l) & (a)(2),
and 91.417(a) & (b), to operate an Unmanned Aircraft System pursuant to Section 333 of
the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of2012 (FMRA). This exemption will permit
LEDIC Management Group LLC to operate an Unmanned Aircraft System (UAS) for
flights at or below 200 feet for the commercial purpose ofconducting aerial real estate
video and photography ofapartment communities managed by LEDIC Management Group
LLC, where Pierce Ledbetter is CEO.

               INTRODUCTION AND INTERESTS OF THE PETITIONER

          LEDIC Management Group LLC provides its clients with the highest quality
property management, with innovative approaches to marketing and resident safety

programs. Pierce Ledbetter was awarded "1N Best" in 2013 by the Governor ofTennessee for

remarkable achievement in the management ofaffordable housing. LEDIC Management Group
has designed innovative camera systems for resident safety. The objective of LEDIC
Management Group LLC aerial real estate video and photography operations is to provide
high quality imaging for a variety of commercial, public, and residential uses, specifically
targeting:

              · Aerial real estate photography ofapartment communities.
              · Increase public knowledge ofUAS and promote safe UAS operations.

                                                            4
                                             BACKGROUND
                      Unmanned Aircraft Systems: DJI Inspire 1 UAS
          LEDIC Management Group LLC seeks an exemption to operate DJI systems for
 compensation or hire within the NAS. The DJI Inspire 1 is a vertical takeoff and landing
 (VTOL) Unmanned Aircraft (UA) with a Ground Control Station (GCS) utilizing
 electronic tablet or smart phone systems. The DJI Inspire 1 has a maximum gross weight
 of approximately 2935 grams (6.4 pounds), while having a length of 18 inches width of 18
 inches, height of 12 inches, and a maximum speed of approximately 42 knots. The DJI
Inspire 1 UA is equipped with four main rotors; driven by Lithium Polymer battery
powered electric motors.
          The DJI Inspire 1 UA that will be operated by LEDIC Management Group LLC
will be registered in accordance with 49 U.S.C. 44103, Registration ofAircraft, as well as
14 C.F.R Part 47, Aircraft Registration, and marked in accordance with 14 C.F.R. Part 45,
Identification and Registration Marking.

                                        BASIS FOR PETITION
         Petitioner, LEDIC Management Group LLC, pursuant to the provisions of the
Federal Aviation Regulations (14 C.F.R. § 11.61) and the FAA Modernization and Reform
Act of2012 (FMRA), Section 333, Special Rulesfor Certain Unmanned Aircraft Systems,
hereby petitions the Administrator to commercially operate the DJI Inspire 1 UAS in the
National Airspace System (NAS), and for an exemption from the requirements of 14 C.F.R
§§ 61.113(a) & (b), 91.7(a), 91.121, 91.151(b), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(l) &
(a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b).

                                                     5
         In consideration ofthe speed, weight, size, and limited operating area associated
with the unmanned aircraft and its operation, LEDIC Management Group LLC
operation of DJ

Inspire 1 UAS meets the conditions ofFMRA Section 333 and therefore, will not require

an airworthiness certificate in accordance with 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H.

Accordingly, LEDIC Management Group LLC requests relief from
                              Sections 91.405(a),

91.407(a)(l), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b), as these sections set forth

requirements for maintenance that only apply to aircraft with an airworthiness certificate.

LEDIC Management Group LLC submits that the requested reliefis proper since an

equivalent level ofsafety will be ensured. LEDIC Management Group LLC will use

experienced personnel or technicians to perform maintenance, alterations, or preventive

maintenance on the UASs using the methods, techniques, and practices prescribed in the

operating documents (i.e., Monthly Maintenance Log, and DJI Inspire 1 Instruction

Manual). Furthermore, LEDIC Management Group LLC will document and maintain all
maintenance records for the DJI Inspire 1 UAS.

Relief from certain requirements of Section 61 .113(a) and (b), entitled Privatepilot

privileges and limitations: Pilot in command, is requested by LEDIC Management Group

LLC to the extent necessary to allow a Pilot in Command (PIC) holding a private pilot or

higher level certificate, as well as an airman medical certificate, and who has demonstrated,

by meeting minimum flight- hour and currency requirements, that the PIC is able to safely
operate the DJI Inspire 1 UAS in a manner consistent with this exemption, including

evasive and emergency maneuvers and maintaining appropriate distances from people,

vessels, vehicles and structures.

                                   6
         LEDIC Management Group LLC seeks relief from Section 91.7(a), entitled Civil
aircraft aitworthiness, because the DJI Inspire 1 UAS do not require an airworthiness
certificate in accordance with 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H. As such, LEDIC Management
Group LLC

                                                       7
submits that it will ensure that the DJI Inspire 1 UAS are in an airworthy condition, prior
to every flight, by determining that the UASs are in compliance with the operating
documents (i.e., Monthly Maintenance Log, and DJI Inspire 1 Instruction Manual), and
that the aircraft are in a condition for safe flight. LEDIC Management Group LLC also
seeks an exemption from the requirements of Section
91.121, entitled Altimeter Settings, as the DJI Inspire 1 UA will not have a typical
barometric altimeter onboard. However, altitude information ofthe DJI Inspire 1
UA will be provided to the PIC via Global Positioning System (GPS) equipment and radio
communications telemetry data link, which downlinks from the UA to the GCS for active
monitoring ofthe flight path. This altitude information, combined with LEDIC Management
Group LLC's operation ofthe DJI Inspire 1 UAS within visual line ofsight, at or below 200
feet AGL, will ensure a level ofsafety equivalentto Section 91.121.

          Additionally, LEDIC Management Group LLC seeks an exemption from the
 requirements of Section 91.151(b), entitled Fuel requirements for flight in VFR conditions.
 LEDIC Management Group LLC submits that safety will not be affected by operation ofthe
 DJI Inspire 1 UA during daylight hours in visual meteorological conditions (VMC) under
 visual flight rules (VFR), with enough battery power to fly for a total duration of
 approximately 13.5 minutes to the first point of intended landing and, assuming normal
 cruising speed, to fly after that for at least 4.5 minutes.

          In accordance with 14 C.P.R.§ 11.81, LEDIC Management Group LLC
provides the following information in support of its petition for exemption:

                                                       8
A. Name And Address Of The Petitioner.

The name and address of the Petitioner and point of contact is:

                                                        S. Pierce Ledbetter, Jr.
                                                       LEDIC Management Group, LLC
                                                       2650 Thousand Oaks Blvd, Suite 3100
                                                       Memphis, TN 38118
                                                       Tel (901) 435-7710
                                                       Pierce.Ledbetter@ledic.com
                                                       pierceledbetter@yahoo.com

B. The Specific Sections Of 14 C.F.R. From Which LEDIC Management Group LLC
Seeks Exemption.

         1. LEDIC Management Group LLC Seeks Exemption From The Requirements
         Of Section

            61.113(a) And (b).

         Section 61.113, entitled Private pilot privileges and limitations: Pilot in command,

         subsections (a) and (b) prescribe the following, in relevant part:

         (a) No person who holds a private pilot certificate may act as a pilot in command
             (PIC) of an aircraft that is carrying passengers or property for compensation or
             hire; nor may that person, for compensation or hire, act as PIC of an aircraft.

         (b) A private pilot may, for compensation or hire, act as PIC of an aircraft in
             connection with any business or employment if-

             (1 ) The flight is only incidental to that business or employment; and

             (2) The aircraft does not carry passengers or property for compensation or hire.

        2. LEDIC Management Group LLC Seeks Exemption From The Requirements
        Of Section

            91.7(a).

        Section 91. 7, entitled Civil aircraft airworthiness, subsection (a), states the

        following:

        (a) No person may operate a civil aircraft unless it is in an airworthy condition.

       3. LEDIC Management Group LLC Exemption From The Requirements Of
       Section

                                                              9
      91.121.

  Section 91.121, entitled Altimeter settings, subsection (a), states the following, in

  part:

 (a) Each person operating an aircraft shall maintain the cruising altitude or flight
      level ofthat aircraft, as the case may be, by reference to an altimeter that is set,
      when operating--

      (1) Below 18,000 feet MSL, to--

          (i) The current reported altimeter setting ofa station along the route and
               within 100 nautical miles of the aircraft;

          (ii) Ifthere is no station within the area prescribed in paragraph (a)(l)(i) of
               this section, the current reported altimeter setting ofan appropriate
               available station; or

          (iii) In the case of an aircraft not equipped with a radio, the elevation of the
                departure airport or an appropriate altimeter setting available before
                departure.

4. LEDIC Management Group LLC Exemption From The Requirements Of
Section

    91.151(b).

Section 91.151, entitled Fuel requirements for flight in VFR conditions, subsection

(b), states the following:

(b) No person may begin a flight in a rotorcraft under VFR conditions unless
     (considering wind andforecast weather conditions) there is enough fuel to fly
     to the first point ofintended landing and, assuming normal cruising speed, to
    fly after thatfor at least 20 minutes.

5. LEDIC Management Group LLC Exemption From The Requirement Of
Section

   91.405(a).

Section 91.405, entitled Maintenance required, subsection (a), states the following:

Each owner or operator ofan aircraft-

(a) Shall have that aircraft inspected as prescribed in subpart E of this part and shall
    between required inspections, except as provided in paragraph (c) of this section,
    have discrepancies repaired as prescribed in part 43 ofthis chapter[.]

                                                 10
 6. LEDIC Management Group LLC Exemption From The Requirements Of

 Section 91.407(a)(l) Section 91.407, entitled Operation after maintenance,

preventive maintenance, rebuilding, or alteration, subsection (a)(l), states the

 following:

 (a) No person may operate any aircraft that has undergone maintenance, preventive
     maintenance, rebuilding, or alteration unless--

     (I) It has been approved for return to service by a person authorized under §
          43.7 of this chapter[.]

7. LEDIC Management Group LLC Seeks Exemption From The Requirements
Of Sections

    91.409(a)(l) And 91.409(a)(2).

Section 91.409, entitled Inspections, subsection (a), states the following:

(a) Except as provided in paragraph (c) ofthis section, no person may operate an
     aircraft unless, within the preceding 12 calendar months, it has had --

     (1) An annual inspection in accordance with part 43 of this chapter and has been
         approved for return to service by a person authorized by § 43.7 ofthis
          chapter; or

     (2) An inspection for the issuance of an airworthiness certificate in accordance
         with part 21 of this chapter.

8. LEDIC Management Group LLC Exemption From The Requirements Of
Sections

   91.417(a) And 91.417(b}.

Section 91.417, entitled Maintenance records, subsections (a) and (b), state the

following:

(a) Except for work performed in accordance with§§ 91.411 and 91.413, each
    registered owner or operator shall keep the following records for the periods
    specified in paragraph (b) of this section:

    (1) Records ofthe maintenance, preventive maintenance, and alteration and
         records ofthe 100-hour, annual, progressive, and other required or approved
         inspections, as appropriate, for each aircraft (including the airframe) and each
         engine, propeller, rotor, and appliance of an aircraft. The re;x;ords must
         include--

                                                   11
                (i) A description (or reference to data acceptable to the Administrator) of
                   the work performed; and

               (ii) The date of completion of the work performed; and

               (iii) The signature, and certificate number ofthe person approving the
                     aircraft for return to service.

       (2) Records containing the following information:

                 (i) The total time in service of the airframe, each engine, each propeller, and
                    each rotor.

                (ii) The current status of life-limited parts of each airframe, engine,
                     propeller, rotor, and appliance.

                (iii) The time since last overhaul of all items installed on the aircraft which
                      are required to be overhauled on a specified time basis.

                (iv) The current inspection status ofthe aircraft, including the time since the
                      last inspection required by the inspection program under which the
                      aircraft and its appliances are maintained.

                (v) The current status of applicable airworthiness directives (AD) and safety
                     directives including, for each, the method of compliance, the AD or
                     safety directive number and revision date. If the AD or safety directive
                     involves recurring action, the time and date when the next action is
                     required.

                (vi) Copies of the forms prescribed by§ 43.9(d) ofthis chapter for each
                      major alteration to the airframe and currently installed engines, rotors,
                      propellers, and appliances.

      (b) The owner or operator shall retain the following records for the periods
           prescribed:

           (1) The records specified in paragraph (a)(1) of this section shall be retained
                until the work is repeated or superseded by other work or for 1 year after the
                work is performed.

           (2) The records specified in paragraph (a)(2) of this section shall be retained
                and transferred with the aircraft at the time the aircraft is sold.

           (3) A list of defects furnished to a registered owner or operator under§ 43.11 of
                this chapter shall be retained until the defects are repaired and the aircraft is
                approved for return to service.

C. The Extent Of Relief LEDIC Management Group LLC Seeks And The Reason
                  LEDIC Management Group LLC Seeks The Relief.
                                                 12
1. Extent OfReliefLEDIC Management Group LLC Seeks And The Reason
LEDIC Management Group LLC Seeks Relief From Section 61.113(a) And (b).

                                              13
           Relief from Section 61 .113(a) and (b) entitled Private pilotprivileges and
  limitations: Pilot in command, is requested to the extent necessary to allow a PIC holding a
  private pilot or higher level certificate, as well as a current and valid airman medical
  certificate, and who has met certain flight-hour and currency requirements, to conduct the
  proposed UAS flight operations for compensation or hire.

           This relief is requested since the limitations set forth in Section 61.113(a) and (b)
  state that a private pilot may, for compensation or hire, act as PIC of an aircraft in
 connection with any business or employment if: (1) The flight is only incidental to that
 business or employment; and (2) The aircraft does not carry passengers or property for
 compensation or hire.

           As set forth more fully below, LEDIC Management Group LLC submits that an
 equivalent level ofsafety will be maintained because no PIC will be allowed to operate the
 DTI Inspire 1 UAS UA unless that PIC has met certain flight-hour and currency
 requirements, demonstrating that the PIC is able to safely operate either the DJI Inspire 1
UAS in a manner consistent with the operations specifications as described in this
exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers, as well as maintaining appropriate
distances from people, vessels, vehicles and structures.

          Further, LEDIC Management Group LLC submits that all flights ofthe DJI Inspire
 1 UAS, conducted by the PIC pursuant to the grant ofthis Petition: (1) will be incidental to
 LEDIC Management Group LLC business; and (2) will not carry passengers or property
 for compensation or hire.

         2. Extent OfReliefLEDIC Management Group LLC Seeks And The Reason
             LEDIC Management Group LLC Seeks Relief From Section 91.7(a).

                                                          14
          Relief from Section 91.7(a) entitled Civil aircraft airworthiness, is requested to the
 extent required to allow LEDIC Management Group LLC to determine that the DJI Inspire
 1 UAS are in airworthy condition prior to every flight by ensuring that the UAS is in
 compliance with the operating documents (i.e., the LEDIC Management Group LLC Aerial
 Operations Manual, Monthly Maintenance Log, and DJI Inspire 1 Instruction Manual).

          LEDIC Management Group LLC seeks the requested reliefbecause the DJI Inspire
 1 UAS do not require an airworthiness certificate in accordance with 14 C.P.R. Part 21,
 Subpart H. Therefore, LEDIC Management Group LLC will ensure that the DJI Inspire 1
UAS are in airworthy condition based upon its compliance with the operating documents
(i.e., Monthly Maintenance Log, and DJI Inspire 1 Instruction Manual) prior to every flight,
and further, determine that the aircraft are in condition for safe flight, as stated in the
conditions and limitations below.

         3. Extent OfRelief LEDIC Management Group LLC Seeks And The Reason
         LEDIC Management Group LLC Seeks Relief From Section 91.121.
         Relief from Section 91 .121, entitled Altimeter settings, may be required to allow
flight operations of the DJI Inspire 1 UAS, which utilize a barometric pressure sensor, GPS
equipment, and a radio communications telemetry data link to downlink altitude
information from the UA to the PIC at the ground control station (GCS). Since the FAA
requires that any altitude information concerning UAS operations be reported to air traffic
control (ATC) in feet above ground level (AGL), LEDIC Management Group LLC seeks
the requestedreliefbecause the DJI Inspire 1 UA's altimeter maybe set on the ground to
zero feet AGL, rather than the local barometric pressure or field altitude, before each flight.

                                                    15
           Considering the limited altitude of the proposed operations, relief from 14 CFR
  91.121 is sought to the extent necessary to comply with the applicable conditions and
  limitations stated below. As more fully set forth herein, an equivalent level of safety will
  be maintained since the DJI Inspire 1 UAs are equipped with a barometric pressure sensor
  and GPS equipment, which automatically ensures that a ground level pressure setting will
 be established prior to each flight, and provides the PIC with altitude information ofthe
 UA on the heads-up display ofthe GCS.

          4. Extent Of Relief LEDIC Management Group LLC Seeks And The LEDIC
              Management Group LLC Relief From Section 91.15l(b).

           Relief from Section 91 .151(b) entitled Fuel requirements for flight in VFR
 conditions, is requested to the extent required to allow flights of the battery powered DJI
 Inspire 1 UAs during daylight hours in visual meteorological conditions (VMC), under
 visual flight rules (VFR), for a total duration of22 minutes to the first point ofintended
 la.'lding and, assuming normal cruising speed, to fly after that for at least 4.5 minutes.
 LEDIC Management Group LLC seeks the requested reliefbecause without an exemption
 from Section 91.151 (b), the flight time duration of the battery powered DJI Inspire 1
UA will severely constrain the practicality of any aerial real estate video or still photo
flight operations that LEDIC Management Group LLC proposes to conduct pursuant to this
Petition.

          Significantly, as set forth below, the technical specifications of the DJI Inspire 1
 UAS, the DJI Inspire 1 operating documents, and LEDIC Management Group LLC's
 proposed operating limitations, ensure that LEDIC Management Group LLC will safely
 operate the battery powered DJI Inspire 1 UAs during daylight hours in visual
 meteorological conditions (VMC), under visual flight rules (VFR), with enough battery

power to fly for a total duration of 22 minutes to the first point of intended landing and,
                                                     16
 assuming nonnal cruising speed, to fly after that for at least 4.5 minutes.

          5. Extent OfReliefLEDIC Management Group LLC Seeks And The Reason
          LEDIC Management Group LLC Seeks Relief From Sections 91.405(a),
          91.407(a)(l),

             91.409(a)(l) & (a)(2), And 91.417(a) & (b).
          Since Sections 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(l) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b)
 only apply to aircraft with an airworthiness certificate, LEDIC Management Group LLC
 requests relieffrom these Sections because the DJI Inspire 1 UAS does not require
 airworthiness certificates. As set forth more fully below, the DJI Inspire 1 UAS meets the
 conditions ofFMRA Section 333 for operation without an airworthiness certificate.
 Accordingly, LEDIC Management Group LLC will use trained technicians to perfonn

maintenance, alterations, or preventive maintenance on the UASs using the methods,
techniques, and practices prescribed in the UAS operating documents (i.e., the LEDIC
Management Group LLC Aerial Operations Manual, Monthly Maintenance Log, and DJI
Inspire 1 Instruction Manual). Furthennore, LEDIC Management Group LLC will

document and maintain all maintenancerecords for the DJI Inspire 1 UAS.

D. The Reasons Why Granting LEDIC Management Group LLC Request Would Be
In The

   Public Interest; That Is, How It Would Benefit The Public As A Whole.
          Granting the present Petition will further the public interest by allowing LEDIC

Management Group LLC to safely, efficiently, and economically perform aerial real estate
video and photography ofapartment communities, aiding CPTED (Crime Prevention
Through Environmental Design) analyses and assisting residents in evaluation of

community amenities.

         Additionally, use ofthe DJI Inspire 1 UAS will decrease congestion ofthe NAS,
reduce pollution, and provide significant benefits to the economy. Notably, the benefits of
LEDIC Management Group LLC's proposed operation ofthe DJI Inspire 1 UAS will be

                                                    17
 realized without implicating any privacy issues.

          1. The Public Will Benefit From Decreased Congestion Of The NAS.
          The DJI Inspire 1 UA are battery powered and serve as a safe, efficient, and
 economical alternative to the manned aircraft traditionally utilized to obtain aerial imagery.
 By reducing the amount of manned aircraft needed to perform aerial acquisitions, an
 exemption allowing the use of a DJI Inspire 1 UAS would reduce the amount ofmanned
 aircraft in the NAS, reduce noise and air pollution, as well as increase the safety oflife and
property in the air and on the ground.
          Furthennore, by reducing the number ofmanned aircraft operating in the NAS,
congestion around airports caused by arriving and departing aircraft will be reduced. The
DJI Inspire 1 UA do not require an airport to takeoffor land. Likewise, a reduction of
manned aircraft conducting aerial real estate video and photography missions would
result in fewer aircraft that must be handled by air traffic control during the ground,
takeoff, departure, arrival, and landing phases of flight operations.
         2. The Public Will Benefit From The Safety And Efficiency Of The DJI

            Inspire 1 UAS.
          Conducting aerial real estate acquisitions with the DJI Inspire 1 UAS, instead of
manned aircraft, will greatly benefit the public by drastically reducing the levels of air and
noise pollution generated during traditional aerial real estate video and still photography
flight operations. By using battery power and electric motors, the DJI Inspire 1 UAS
produce no air pollution, and is the most viable environmentally conscious alternative to
the cabin class, six cylinder internal combustion engine aircraft that are typically utilized
for aerial real estate video and photography, while burning approximately 20-30 gallons
per hour ofleaded aviation fuel. The DJI Inspire 1 UA, while reducing the carbon footprint

of aerial real estate acquisitions, also eliminates noise pollution, as the UAs are propelled
                                                    18
 by battery powered electric motors, rather than an internal combustion engine.
           By using the DJI Inspire 1 VAS to perform aerial real estate acquisitions, the

 substantial risk to life and property in the air and on the ground, which is usually
 associated with traditional manned aircraft flight operati~ns, will be substantially reduced
 or completely eliminated. Aside from the lack of flight crew members located onboard the
 aircraft, the DJI Inspire 1 UA (weighing approximately 2 pounds 11 ounces and
 6 pounds 7.5 ounces respectively, at their maximum gross weights with lengths of 16 inches
 and 17.3 inches respectively, widths of 16 inches and 17.7 inches respectively, and with no
 fuel on board), has less physical potential for collateral damage to life and property on the
ground, and in the air, compared to the manned aircraft that typically conduct
similar operations (weighing approximately 6,000 pounds with a wingspan of
approximately42 feet, a length of34 feet, and a fuel capacity of 180 gallons).

         3. Performing Aerial real estate Video and Photography Operations
             With The DJI Inspire 1 UAS Will Benefit The Economy.

          In addition to being safe and efficient, the DJI Inspire 1 is also an economical
alternative to using manned aircraft to conduct similar aerial real estate operations. As such,
operation ofthe DJI Inspire 1 VAS will allow United States based companies, like LEDIC
Management Group LLC, to remain competitive and contribute to growth of the U.S.
economy. Specifically, with the rising cost ofaviation fuel and the Environmental
Protection Agency ("EPA") regulatory actions phasing out leaded aviation fuels, U.S.
owned and operated companies must adopt new and alternative technology in order to
remain competitive. Operating the battery powered DJI Inspire 1 UAS is one such
technology that not only allows companies greater operational flexibility compared to

manned aircraft, but provides such flexibility without the high operational cost of a

traditional manned aircraft.

                              19
           By operating the DJI Inspire 1 UAS, companies such as LEDIC Management
 Group LLC, can remain competitive and profitable, and therefore, provide greaterjob

 stability to employees and contractors, which will ultimately contribute to growth ofthe
 U.S. economy. Improved financial performance of U.S. companies, through commercial
 use of the DJI Inspire 1 UAS, provides a stable workforce that increases consumer

 spending; improves local, state, and federal tax revenues; and allows companies to invest

 in research and development in order to remain competitive both in the United States and
 abroad.

          4. There Are No Privacy Issues.

Similar to the manned aerial acquisition flight operations that have been conducted for

decades, LEDIC Management Group LLC proposed operation ofthe DJI Inspire 1 UAS

will not implicate any privacy issues. Specifically, the DJI Inspire 1 UAS will be operated
only in compliance with operating documents (i.e., the LEDIC Management Group LLC

Aerial Operations Manual, Monthly Maintenance Log, and DJI Inspire 1 Instruction

Manual) which requires property owner involvement as well as local law enforcement
notification, and in accordance with the Federal Aviation Regulations, including the

minimum altitude requirements of 14 C.F.R. § 91 .119.

E. The Reasons Why Granting The Exemption Would Not Adversely Affect Safety,
   Or How The Exemption Would Provide A Level OfSafety At Least Equal To That
   Provided By The Rule From Which LEDIC Management Group LLC Seeks
   Exemption.
         1. Reasons Why The DJI Inspire 1 UA Meet The Conditions Of The
            FAA Modernization and Reform Act of2012 (FMRA) Section 333.
         In consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated

with the unmanned aircraft and its operation, LEDIC Management Group LLC operation

of the DJI Inspire 1 UAS meet the conditions ofFMRA Sect.ion 333, and will not require

an airworthiness certificate in accordance with 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H.
                                                        20
         Section 333 provides authority for a UAS to operate without airworthiness
certification and sets forth requirements for considering whether a UAS will create a
hazard to users ofthe NAS or the public, or otherwise pose a threat to national security.
Specifically, FMRA Section 333 states the following, in part:

         (a) In General.--Notwithstandingany other requirement ofthis subtitle, and not
              later than 180 days after the date ofenactment ofthis Act, the Secretary of

           Transportation shall determine ifcertain unmanned aircraft systems may

              operate safely in the national airspace system before completion ofthe plan
              and rulemaking required by section 332 ofthis Act or the guidance required by
              section 334 ofthis Act.

         (b) Assessment ofUnmanned Aircraft Systems.--In making the determination under
             subsection (a), the Secretary shall determine, at a minimum--

              (1) which types ofunmanned aircraft systems, ifany, as a result oftheir

                       size, weight, speed, operational capability, proximity to airports and
                       populated areas, and operation within visual line ofsight do not create
                       a hazard to users ofthe national airspace system or the public or pose a
                       threat to national security; and
                  (2) whether a certificate ofwaiver, certificate ofauthorization, or
                       airworthiness certification under section 44704 oftitle 49, United States
                       Code, is requiredfor the operation ofunmanned aircraft systems
                       identified underparagraph (1).
        (c) Requirementsfor Safo Operation.--lfthe Secretary determines under this section
             that certain unmanned aircraft systems may operate safely in the national
             airspace system, the Secretary shall establish requirements for the safe
             operation ofsuch aircraft systems in the national airspace system.
        In seeking this exemption, LEDIC Management Group LLC submits that the DJI
        Inspire 1 UAS can operate safely in the NAS pursuant to FMRA Section 333, as

                                                    21
 demonstrated by: (a) the characteristics ofthe DJI Inspire 1 UAS; (b) the pilot
 certification requirement; and (c) the specific operating limitations.

                    a. The Specifications Of The DJI Inspire 1 UAS Demonstrate Its
                 Safe Characteristics.
          The DJI Inspire 1 UAS does not create a hazard to users ofthe NAS or the public,
 or otherwise pose a threat to national security considering its size, weight, speed, and
 operational capability.

                         i. Technical Specifications Of The DJI Inspire 1 UAS.
                 The technical specifications of the DJI Inspire 1 UAS is set forth by the
DJI Inspire 1 Specifications and Data Sheet, attached hereto as Exhibit A.

                  ii. The DJI Inspire 1 UAS Autonomous Flight And Navigation
                      Modes Enable The UAS To Remain Within A De'fmed
                      Operational Area.

          The DJI Inspire 1 UAS may be operated in both manual and fully autonomous
flight modes. A complete description ofthe flight and navigational modes ofthe DJI
Inspire 1 UAS is provided at pages 25-35 ofthe DJI Inspire 1 User Manual, attached hereto
as Exhibit B.

                  iii. The DJI Inspire 1 UAS Are Designed For Automatic Return To
                       Home Point Or Hover In The Event Of Loss Of The Control
                      Link Or Navigation.

         When the Control Link is lost, the DJI Inspire 1 UA will remain stationary, in
flight, for 3 seconds or more. If, after 3 seconds, the DJI Inspire 1 UA does not reacquire
control link data from the GCS, the UA will assume that the Control Link is lost and the
UA will return to the home position (i.e., failsafe mode) via GPS, and will descend to the
takeoffposition and shutdown.

                                                    22
           A complete description ofthe Failsafe Functions ofthe DJI Inspire 1 UAS are
 set forth at pages 27 through 29 of the DJI Inspire 1 User Manual, attached hereto as B.

                           iv. The DJI Inspire 1 GCS And Its Operation.
           A complete description ofthe operation and specifications ofthe DJI Inspire 1
GCS and flight control software is provided at pages 32 through 43 ofthe DJI Inspire 1
User Manual. DJI Inspire 1 User Manual is attached hereto as Exhibit B.

              b. Flight Operations OfDJI Inspire 1 UAS Are Limited To The Line Of
                 Sight OfA Certificated Pilot in Command With A Safety Observer.

           LEDIC Management Group LLC will only utilize certificated pilots who possess a
 current and valid airman medical certificate to act as a pilot in command (PIC) ofthe DJI
 Inspire 1 UAS. Additionally, a safety observer will assist all pilots during flight time.

              c. Flights Of DJI Inspire 1 UAS Will Be Conducted Pursuant To
                 Specific Operating Limitations in accordance with Section 333

          In seeking this exemption, proposes to commercially operate DJI Inspire 1 UAS for
          the special purpose ofconducting aerial real estate video and photography over
          certain areas ofUnited States, pursuant to the following specific operating
          limitations:
          1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption will be limited to the following

             aircraft described in the operating documents, rotorcraft UASs weighing less than
             55 pounds maximum gross weight: DJI Inspire 1 Unmanned Aircraft System.
             Proposed operations of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition
             to amend this grant.
          2. UAS operations under this exemption will be limited to conducting operations
             for the purpose of aerial real estate video and photography.
          3. The UAs may not be flown at an indicated airspeed exceeding 20 knots.

                                                             23
 4. The UA must be operated at an altitude ofno more than 200 feet above ground

    level (AGL), as indicated by the procedures specified in the operating

    documents unless a special request is made and approved by ATC. All altitudes
    reported to ATC must be in feet AGL.

 5. The UAs must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) ofthe PIC at all
    times. This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device
    other than corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman
    medical certificate.

 6. The use of first person view (FPV) by the PIC or safety observer (SO) is not
    permitted.

7. All operations must utilize a safety observer (SO). The SO may be used to satisfy

   the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS capability.

    The SO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times. Electronic
    messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC must be
    designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the SO can perform the
    functions prescribed in the operating documents.

8. The SO must not perform any other duties beyond assisting the PIC with seeing
    and avoiding other air traffic and other ground based obstacles/obstructions and
    is not permitted to operate the camera or other instruments.

9. The operating documents and the grant of exemption must be accessible during
   VAS operations and made available to the Administrator upon request. If a
   discrepancy exists between the conditions and limitations contained in the grant
   of exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents, the
   conditions and limitations contained in the grant of exemption take precedence

   and must be followed. Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as

   outlined in its operating documents. The operator may update or revise its
   operating documents. It is the operator's responsibility to track such revisions
   and present updated and revised documents to the Administrator upon request.
   The operator must also present updated and revised documents ifit petitions for
   extension or amendment to the grant ofexemption. Ifthe operator determines
   that any update or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted
   the exemption, then the operator must petition for amendment to its grant of
   exemption. The FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if
   questions arise regarding updates or revisions to the operating documents.

10. Prior to each flight the PIC must inspect the UAS to ensure that it is in a
    condition for safe flight. If the inspection reveals a condition that affects the
    safe operation ofthe UAS, the aircraft is prohibited from operating until the
    necessary maintenance has been performed and the UAS is found to be in a
    condition for safe flight. The Ground Control Station must be included in the

                                                 24
      preflight inspection. All maintenance and alterations must be properly
      documented in the aircraft records.

 11. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS
     operation or flight characteristics, e.g. replacement of a flight critical
     component, must undergo a functional test flight. The PIC who conducts the
     functional test flight must make an entry in the aircraft records.

 12. The pre-flight inspection must account for all potential discrepancies, e.g.
     inoperable components, items, or equipment, not already covered in the
     relevant sections ofthe operating documents.

 13. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's aircraft/component,
     maintenance, overhaul, replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements.

 14. The operator must carry out its maintenance, inspections, and record keeping
     requirements, in accordance with the operating documents. Maintenance,
     inspection, alterations, and status ofreplacement/overhaul component parts
     must be noted in the aircraft records, including total time in service, description
     ofwork accomplished, and the signature ofthe authorized person returning the
     UAS to service.

15. Each UASs operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
     Safety Bulletins.

16. The authorized person must make an entry in the aircraft record of the
     corrective action taken against discrepancies discovered between inspections.

17. The PIC must possess at least a private pilot certificate and at least a current
    third- class medical certificate.

18. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC meets the
    operator's qualification criteria and demonstrates the ability to safely operate
    the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated under the
    exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and maintaining
    appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours must be logged in a manner consistent with 14 C.F.R.
    § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs are
    permitted under the terms of the exemption. However, training operations may
    only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During training,
    proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for flight
    operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 C.F.R. §
    91.119.

19. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 C.F.R. §
    1.1. All operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions
    (VMC). If flight at night is required, a special request will be made at the FAA

                                         25
      office closest to proposed area ofoperations. Flights under special visual flight
      rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

 20. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point as
     denoted on a current FAA-published aeronautical chart unless a letter of
      agreement with that airport's management is obtained, and the operation is
      conducted in accordance with a NOTAM as required by the operator's COA.
     The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available to
     the Administrator upon request.

 21. The UA may not be operated less than 200 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
     horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the
     PIC.

22. If the UA loses communications or loses its GPS signal, it must return to a pre-
     determined location within the planned operating area and land or be recovered
     in accordance with the operating documents.

23. The PIC must abort the flight in the event ofunpredicted obstacles or
     emergencies in accordance with the operating documents.

24. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and
     forecast weather conditions) there is enough power to fly at normal cruising
     speed to the intended landing point and land the UA with 25% battery power
     remmmng.

25. The operator must obtain an Air Traffic Organization (ATO) issued Certificate
     of Waiver or Authorization (COA) prior to conducting any operations under the
     grant ofexemption. This COA will also require the operator to request a Notice
     to Airman (NOTAM) not more than 72 hours in advance, but not less than 48
     hours prior to the operation. All operations shall be conducted in accordance
     with airspace requirements in the ATO issued COA including class of airspace,
     altitude level and potential transponder requirements.

26. All aircraft operated in accordance with the exemption must be identified by
     serial number, registered in accordance with 14 C.P.R. part 47, and have
    identification (N- Number) markings in accordance with 14 C.P.R. part 45,
    Subpart C. Markings must be as large as practicable.

27. Before conducting operations, the radio frequency spectrum used for operation
    and control ofthe UA must comply with the Federal Communications
    Commission (FCC) or other appropriate government oversight agency
    requirements.

28. The documents required fewer than 14 C.P.R. 91.9 and 91.203 must be
    available to the PIC at the Ground Control Station ofthe UAS any time the
    UAS is operating. These documents must be made available to the
    Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

                                            26
          29. The UA must remain clear and yield the right of way to all manned aviation
               operations and activities at all times.

          30. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

          31. Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
               persons (persons other than the PIC, SO, operator trainees or essential persons),
               vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:

                    a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating
                       persons from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The
                       operator must ensure that nonparticipating persons remain under such
                       protection. If a situation arises where nonparticipating persons leave such
                       protection and are within 500 feet ofthe UA, flight operations must cease
                       immediately and/or;

                   b. The aircraft is operated near vessels, vehicles or structures where the
                       owner/controller of such vessels, vehicles or structures has granted
                       permission and the PIC has made a safety assessment of the risk of
                       operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not present
                       an undue hazard, and;

                   c. Operations nearer to the PIC, SO, operator trainees or essential persons
                      do not present an undue hazard to those persons per § 91.119(a).

          32. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property
              with permission from the land owner/controller or authorized representative.
              Permission from land owner/controller or authorized representative will be
              obtained for each flight to be conducted.

         33. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or
              vertical boundaries ofthe operational area as defined by the applicable COA
              must be reported to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24
              hours. Accidents must be reported to the National Transportation Safety Board
              (NTSB) per instructions contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

         2. Reasons Why An Exemption From The Requirements Of Section 61.113(a)
            And (b) Would Not Adversely Affect Safety.

         LEDIC Management Group LLC submits that the equivalent level ofsafety

established by Section 61.113(a) and (b) will be maintained because no PIC will be allowed

to operate the DJI Inspire 1 UAS unless that PIC has demonstrated, by meeting minimum

flight-hour and currency requirements, that the PIC is able to safely operate the DJI

                                                        27
 Inspire 1 UAS in a manner consistent with the exemption, including evasive and emergency
 maneuvers and maintaining appropriate distances from people, vessels,
 vehicles and structures.

           Considering LEDIC Management Group LLC proposed area ofoperations, and the
 operating limitations set forth-above; the parallel nature ofprivate pilot aeronautical
 knowledge requirements to those of commercial pilot requirements (See Exemption No.
 11062); and the ainnanship skills necessary to safely operate the DJI Inspire I UAS,
 LEDIC Management Group LLC submits that the additional manned airmanship
 experience ofa commercially certificated pilot would not correlate to the airmanship skills
necessary for LEDIC Management Group LLC specific proposed flight operations.

          The FAA has previously granted relief from Section 61.113(a) and (b) specific to
UAS, in circumstances similar, in all material respects, to those presented herein (e.g.
Exemption Nos. 11062,11063, 11064,11065,11066,11067,11080,11109,11110,11112,
 11136, 11138, 11150, 11153, 11156, 11158, 11159, 11160, 11161).

          LEDIC Management Group LLC will not allow any PIC to operate the DJI Inspire
 I UAS unless that PIC has demonstrated, by meeting minimum flight-hour requirements or
the DJI Inspire 1 UAS training and currency requirements, that the PIC is able to safely
operate the DJI Inspire 1 UAS in a manner consistent with this exemption, including
evasive and emergency maneuvers and maintaining appropriate distances from people,
vessels, vehicles and structures.

         Specifically, the PIC must have accumulated and logged, in a manner consistent
with 14 C.F.R. § 61.51(b), 25 hours of total time as a UAS rotorcraft pilot (with a
minimum of 5 hours ofthose hours as a UAS pilot operating the same make and model of

                                                      28
 UAS to be used for operations under the exemption). In addition to the hour

 requirements, the PIC must accomplish 3 takeoffs and landings in the preceding 90 days

 (for currency purposes).

          As in Exemption Nos. 11062, 11138, and 11153, prior documented flight

 experience that was obtained in compliance with applicable regulations will ensure an

 equivalent level ofsafety during LEDIC Management Group LLC proposed

 operations. The Administrator has held that prior documented flight experience that

 was obtained in compliance with applicable regulations would ensure safe operations,

 stating as follows:

          In Exemption No. 11062, the FAA required that prior to conducting operations for
          the purpose ofmotion picture filming (or similar operations), the PIC must have
          accumulated and logged, in a manner consistent with 14 CFR 61.5l(b), 25 hours
          of total time as a UAS rotorcraft pilot including at least 10 hours logged as a UAS
          pilot with a multi-rotor UAS. Prior to operations under Exemption No. 11062, the
          PIC must also have accumulated and logged a minimum of 5 hours as a UAS pilot
          operating the same make and model of UAS to be used for operations under the
          exemption. For clarification, the FAA considers these minimum hour
          requirements to be inclusive rather than additive; i.e. 5 hours make and model
          time may be included in the 10 hours ofmulti-rotor time and the 10 hours may be
          included in
         the total25 hours ofUAS rotorcraft time. In addition to the hour requirements, the
          PIC must accomplish 3 takeoffs and landings in the preceding 90 days (for
          currency purposes). The FAA finds that at a minimum, the flight-hour
         requirements in Exemption No. 11062 are appropriate to practice and build
         proficiency in the skills necessary to safely conduct the petitioner' s proposed
          operations. The FAA also finds that prior documented flight experience that was
         obtained in compliance with applicable regulations would satisfy this requirement.
         Training, proficiency, and experience-building flights can also be conducted under
         the grant ofexemption to accomplish the required flight time. During training,
         proficiency, and
         experience-building flights the PIC is required to operate the UA with appropriate
         distances in accordance with 14 C.F.R

91.119. Exemption No. 11138 at page 15.

         Accordingly, LEDIC Management Group LLC will ensure safe operations by not

allowing any PIC to operate the DJI Inspire 1 UAS unless that PIC has demonstrated, by

                                                  29
 meeting minimum flight-hour and currency requirements, that the PIC is able to safely
 operate the DJI Inspire 1 UAS in a manner consistent with the exemption, including
 evasive

 and emergency maneuvers and maintaining appropriate distances from people,
 vessels, vehicles and structures.

          3. Reasons Why An Exemption From The Requirements Of Section
             91.7(a) Would Not Adversely Affect Safety.

          The equivalent level of safety established by Section 91.7(a) will be
 maintained because prior to every flight, LEDIC Management Group LLC will
 ensure that the DJI Inspire 1 UAS is in an airworthy condition based upon the UAS's
 compliance with its operating documents and as stated in the conditions and
limitations herein.

          Additionally, the FAA has previously granted relief from Section 91.7(a) specific
to UAS, in circumstances similar, in all material respects, to those presented herein (e.g.
Exemption Nos. 11062, 11063, 11064, 11065, 11066, 11067, 11080, 11109, 11110,
11112,

11136, 11138, 11150, 11153, 11156, 11157, 11158, 11159, 11160, 11161).
         4. Reasons Why An Exemption From The Requirements Of Section 91.121
            Would Not Adversely Affect Safety.
         The equivalent level ofsafety established by Section 91 .121 will be maintained

because the altitude information ofthe DJI Inspire 1 UA will be provided to the PIC via
GPS equipment and a radio communications telemetry data link, which downlinks from
the UA to the GCS for active monitoring of the flight path and altitude. This altitude
information, combined with LEDIC Management Group LLC's operation ofthe DJI
Inspire 1 UA within visual line ofsight, at or below 200 feet AGL, will ensure a level of

                                                      30
   safety equivalent to Section 91.121. The altitude information will be generated by GPS
  equipment installed onboard the aircraft. Prior to each flight, a zero altitude initiation
  point is automatically established by the UASs at ground level.

            The FAA has previously granted relief from Section 91.121 specific to UAS, in
  circumstances similar, in all material respects, to those presented herein (e.g.
  Exemption

  Nos. 11062, 11063, 11064, 11065, 11066, 11067, 11080, 11109, 11112, 11136, 11138,
  11150,11153,11156,11157, 11158,11159,11160, 11161).

           5. Reasons Why An Exemption From The Requirements Of Section
              91.15l(b) Would Not Adversely Affect Safety.

           A grant ofthis exemption would ensure an equivalent level of safety established by
  14 C.F.R. Section 91.151(b) as a result of(1) the technical specifications of the DJI
  Inspire 1 UAs; (2) the limitations on the proposed flight operations; and (3) the location
  of the proposed flight operations. Accordingly, LEDIC Management Group LLC will
  ensure that it will safely operate the battery powered DJI Inspire 1 UA during daylight
 hours in VFR conditions, with enough battery power to fly for a total duration of 13 .5
 minutes to the first point of intended landing and, assuming normal cruising speed, to fly
 after that for at least 4.5 minutes.

           Here, as in Exemption No. 11109, the technical specifications of the DJI Inspire 1
UAS; the limitations on the proposed flight operations; and the location ofthe proposed
operations, will ensure an equivalent level of safety established by 14 C.F.R. Section
91 .151(b). Furthermore, safety will be ensured as the DJI Inspire 1 UAS provide audible
and visual warnings to the PIC at the GCS when the UAs experiences low battery voltage,
the first warning occurring at approximately 33% remaining battery power, and again at
approximately 10% remaining battery power. At the critically low battery level, the DJI

                                                      31
Inspire 1 UAS will descend and land automatically.

           Significantly, previous exemptions granted by the FAA concerning Section
 91.151 establish that safety is not adversely affected when the technical characteristics
 and operating limitations ofthe UAS are considered. Reliefhas been granted for manned
 aircraft to operate at less than the minimums prescribed in Section 91.151, including

 Exemption Nos. 2689, 5745, and 10650. Moreover, the FAA has previously granted
 relief from Section 91.151 specific to UAS, in circumstances similar, in all material
 respects, to those presented herein (e.g. Exemption Nos. 8811, 10808, 10673, 11042,
 11062, 11063,

 11064, 11065, 11066, 11067, 11080, 11109, 11110, 11136, 1113 8, 11150, 11153,
11156,

11157, 11158, 11159, 11160,
11161).

          6. Reasons Why An Exemption From The Requirements Of Sections
             91.405(a), 91.407(a)(l), 91.409(a)(l) & (a)(2), And 91.417(a) & (b) Would
             Not Adversely Affect Safety.

          In seeking this exemption, LEDIC Management Group LLC submits that the
equivalent level ofsafety with regard to the regulatory maintenance and alteration
requirements established by Sections 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(l), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and
91.417(a) & (b) will be met because LEDIC Management Group LLC will use trained
technicians to perform maintenance, alterations, or preventive maintenance on the UAS
using the methods, techniques, and practices prescribed in the operating documents (i.e.,
the LEDIC Management Group LLC Aerial Operations Manual, Monthly Maintenance
Log, and DJI Inspire 1 Instruction Manual). Furthermore, LEDIC Management Group
LLC will document and maintain all maintenance records for the DJI Inspire 1 UAS.

         Since the DJI Inspire 1 UAS will be inspected as prescribed by the operating

                                                      32
 documents, LEDIC Management Group LLC will maintain the equivalent level of
 safety established by Sections 91.405(a), 91.409(a)(l), and 91.409(a)(2). A copy of
 the DJI Inspire 1 User Manuals are attached hereto as Exhibit B; a copy of the DJI
 Inspire 1 UAS Maintenance LOG is attached hereto as Exhibit C.

           Likewise, the exemption sought will not adversely affect safety because LEDIC
          Management Group LLC will use trained technicians to perform maintenance,
          alterations or preventive
 maintenance on the UAS using the methods, techniques, and practices prescribed by
 the operating documents.

          Furthermore, the exemption sought would maintain an equivalent level ofsafety
 established by Sections 91.407, 91.417(a) and 91.417(b), because all maintenance of
 the DJI Inspire 1 UAS will be performed by trained technicians. Maintenance will be
 documented and maintained utilizing the monthly maintenance log.

               Significantly, previous exemptions granted by the FAA concerning
                                                    Sections

91.405(a), 91.407(a)(l), 91.409(a)(l) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b) establish that safety
is not adversely affected when the technical characteristics and operating limitations of
the UAS are considered.

          In consideration of LEDIC Management Group LLC proposed operating
limitations, the operating documents, and the technical aspects ofthe DJI Inspire 1
UAS, LEDIC Management Group LLC submits that safety will not be adversely
affected by granting exemption from 14 C.F.R. Sections 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(l) and
(a)(2), 91.409(a)(2), and

91.417(a) and (b). The FAA has previously granted relief specific to UAS in
circumstances similar, in all material respects, to those presented herein (e.g. Exemption
Nos. 11062,

                                                 33
 11063,11064, 11065,11066,11067,11080,11109, 11110,11112, 11136,11138, 11150,
 11153,11156, 11157,11158,11159,11160, 11161).

                7. The FAA May Prescribe Any Other Conditions For Safe
                                               Oper ation.

          In accordance with Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of
 2012 (FMRA) and 14 C.P.R. § 21.16 entitled Special Conditions, LEDIC Management
 Group LLC requests that the FAA prescribe special conditions for the intended operation
ofthe DJI Inspire 1 UAS, which contain such safety standards that the Administrator
finds necessary to establish a level ofsafety equivalent to that established by 14 C.F.R.
Part 21, Subpart H, and 14 C.F.R §§ 61.113(a) & (b), 91.7 (a), 91.121, 91.151(b),
91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b). Such special
conditions will permit safe operation ofthe UAs for the limited purpose of conducting
aerial real estate video and photography over certain areas of the United States for
compensation or hire. FMRA Section 333 sets forth the requirements for considering
whether a UAS will create a hazard to users of the NAS or the public, or otherwise pose a
threat to national security; and further, provides the authority for such UAS to operate
without airworthiness certification in accordance with any requirements that must be
established for the safe operation ofthe UAS in the NAS.

         Likewise, the Administrator may prescribe special conditions pursuant to 14 C.F.R.
§ 21.16, for operation of the DJI Inspire 1 UAS, since the airworthiness regulations of
14 C.F.R. Part 21 do not contain adequate or appropriate safety standards, due to the
novel or unusual design features ofthe aircraft. Section 21 .16, entitled Special
Conditions, states the following:

         If the FAA finds that the airworthiness regulations of this subchapter cio not
         contain adequate or appropriate safety standards for an aircraft, aircraft engine, or
         propeller because of a novel or unusual design feature ofthe aircraft, aircraft

                                                       34
           engine or propeller, he prescribes special conditions and amendments thereto for
           the product. The special conditions are issued in accordance with Part 11 ofthis
           chapter and contain such safety standards for the aircraft, aircraft engine or
           propeller as the
           FAA finds necessary to establish a level of safety equivalent to that established
           in the regulations.
 See 14 C.P.R.§ 21.16.

           Therefore, in accordance with FMRA Section 333 and 14 C.F.R. § 21 .16, the
 FAA may prescribe special conditions for LEDIC's intended operation ofthe DJI Inspire
 1 UAS, which contain such safety standards that the Administrator finds necessary to
 establish a level ofsafety equivalent to that established by 14 C.F.R. Part 21,

 Subpart H, and 14 C.F.R Sections 61.113(a) & (b), 91.7(a), 91.121, 91.151(b), 91.405(a),
 91.407(a)(l), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b).
 F. A Summary That Can Be Published In The Federal Register, stating: The Rules

     From Which LEDIC Management Group LLC Seeks Exemption:
          LEDIC Management Group LLC seeks exemptionfrom the requirements of14
          C.F.R Sections
          61.113(a)&(b), 91. 7(a), 91.121, 91.151(b), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(J)
          & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b).

          A BriefDescription OfThe Nature OfThe Exemption LEDIC
          Management Group LLC Seeks:

          This exemption willpermit LEDIC Management Group LLC to commercially
          operate an Unmanned Aircraft System (UAS) for the purpose ofconducting
          aerial real estate video andphotography over certain areas ofthe United
         States, with particularfocus on apartment communities.
G. Any Additional Information, Views, Or Arguments Available To Support LEDIC
Management Group LLC Request.

         This Petition is made pursuant to the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of
2012 (FMRA) Section 333, which directs the Secretary of Transportation to determine if
certain UAS may operate safely in the NAS. As such, LEDIC Management Group LLC
request for exemption may be granted pursuant to the authority ofFMRA Section 333

                                                   35
  and 14 C.P.R. Part 11, as set forth above.

            FMRA Section 333 sets forth the requirements for considering whether a UAS
  will create a hazard to users ofthe NAS or the public, or otherwise pose a threat to
  national security; and further, provides the authority for such UAS to operate without
  airworthiness certification.

           As discussed in detail above, LEDIC Management Group LLC will operate the DJI
           Inspire 1 UASs safely in the NAS, without creating a hazard to users of the NAS,
           or the public, or otherwise pose a threat to national security.

 CONCLUSION

           As set forth herein, LEDIC Management Group LLC seeks an exemption pursuant
           to 14 C.P.R.
§ 11.61 and Section 333 ofthe FAA Modernization and Reform Act of2012 (FMRA),
which will permit safe operation ofthe DJI Inspire 1 UAS commercially, without an
airworthiness certificate, for the limited purpose of conducting aerial real estate video and
photography over certain areas ofthe United States. By granting this Petition, the FAA
Administrator will be fulfilling the Congressional mandate ofthe FAA Modernization and
Reform Act of2012, while also advancing the interests of the public, by allowing LEDIC
Management Group LLC to safely, efficiently, and economically operate the DJI Inspire 1
UAS commercially within the NAS.

          WHEREFORE, in accordance with the Federal Aviation Regulations and the
 FAA Modernization and Reform Act of2012, Section 333, LEDIC Management Group
 LLC respectfully requests that the Administrator grant this Petition for an exemption from
 the requirements of 14 C.F.R Sections 61.113(a) & (b), 91.7(a), 91.121, 91.15l(b),
 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(l),

91.409(a)(l) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b), and permit LEDIC to operate the DJI
 Inspire 1 UAS commercially for the purpose of conducting aerial real estate video and

                                                     36
photography over certain areas ofthe United States

 Dated: April14, 2015    S. Pierce Ledbetter, Jr.
Respectfully submitted,

                                                    LEDIC Management Group LLC
                                                    2650 Thousand Oaks Blvd, Suite
                                                    3100

                                                    Memphis TN 38118
                                                    Tel (901) 435-7710
                                                    Pierce.ledbetter@ledic.com

                         37
