September 22, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12965
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA-2015-2737

Ms. Dana Longino
Chief Pilot
Lee Lewis Construction, Inc.
7810 Orlando Avenue
Lubbock, TX 79423

Dear Ms. Longino:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated June 16, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of Lee Lewis Construction, Inc. (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption.
The petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct aerial
photography, videography, marketing, and inspections.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a DJI Inspire 1.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
                                                                                                                 2

consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Lee Lewis Construction, Inc. is granted an exemption
from 14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a),
91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a)
and (b), to the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data
collection. This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                             3

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Lee Lewis Construction, Inc. is hereafter referred to as
the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Inspire 1 when
    weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any other
    aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
    not permitted.

3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
    exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
    compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
    airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
    aircraft manufacturer.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.

    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
    electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
    must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
    required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
                                                                                                            4

    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.
                                                                                                            5

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.
                                                                                                            6

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

    The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
    nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
    reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
    contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.
                                                                                                                 7

 If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
 television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                                                 8
This exemption terminates on September 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.
Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service
Enclosures
Lee lewis

LLConstruction, Inc.
 m

June 16, 2015
U.S. Department of Transportation
Docket Management System
1200 New Jersey Ave., SE
Washington DC 20590

Dear Sir or Madam:

Attached please find the Lee Lewis Construction Inc. request for an exemption from the
listed Federal Aviation Regulations to allow commercial operation of its Small Unmanned
Aircraft System ("sUAS") for aerial imaging of secured and controlled commercial
construction sites for the purpose of improving site safety and for documentation of
company projects and capabilities.

Attached to this request is the aircraft User Manual which provides operating specifications
and procedures and radio frequency usage for the intended UAS, a"DJI Inspire 1"
quadcopter sUAS. This aircraft has built in safety features that, when combined with the
professionalism and proficiency of the PICs, ensures safety of operations throughout the
environments in which it will be deployed. Safety features are identified in the attached
manual and include in part; proper maintenance and preflight procedures, power monitoring

capability, automatic return to land capability, irregular operations, altitude and speed

monitoring, and fully automatic stabilization systems. The aircraft also has the capability to
record flight parameters, which are available after flight for performance evaluation and if
necessary incident investigation.

Thank you for your time and consideration. Please direct any questions to the operator, Dana
Longino, company chief pilot. He will coordinate the approval process with our company
management, operations, and safety personnel as appropriate. His contact information is on the
following page.

                                                   Sincerely,

                                 Lee Lewis

                                 Owner/CEO

                                 Lee Lewis Construction, Inc.

7810 Orlando Avenue                                            17177 Preston Road
P.O. Box 65197
Lubbock, Texas 79464                                                                            Suite 160
806/797-8400 - FAX 806/797-8492
                                                               Dallas, Texas 75248

                                                               972/818-0700 · FAX 972/818-0706
June 16, 2015
U.S. Department of Transportation
Docket Management System
1200 New Jersey Ave., SE Washington
DC 20590

Re: Exemption Request Section 333 of the FAA Reform Act and Part 11 of the Federal
Aviation Regulations from 14 C.F.R. 45.23(b); 14 CFR Part 21; 14 CFR 61.113(a) &
(b); 91.7(a); 91.9(b) (2); 91.103(b); 91.109; 91.119; 91.121; 91.151(a) &(b); 91.405
(a); 91.407(a) (1); 91.409 (a) (2); 91.417 (a) & (b).
Dear Sir or Madam:

         Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (the
Reform Act) and 14 C.F.R Part 11, Lee Lewis Construction Inc., a private commercial
construction contractor firm, hereby applies for an exemption from the listed Federal Aviation
Regulations ("FARs") to allow commercial operation of its Small Unmanned Aircra$ Systems
("sUASs") for aerial imaging for safety, monitoring of secured and controlled environment
construction sites, and company marketing efforts so long as such operations are conducted
within and under the conditions outlined herein or as may be established by the FAA as required
by Section 333.

         As detailed in this document, the requested exemption would permit the operation of
company sUASs under controlled conditions in airspace that is 1) limited 2) predetermined 3)
controlled as to access and 4) would provide safety enhancements to the already best practices

safety protocols followed by Lee Lewis Construction, Inc. Approval of this exemption would

thereby enhance safety and fulfill the Secretary of Transportation's (the FAA Administrator's)
responsibilities to "...establish requirements for the safe operation of such aircraft systems in the
national airspace system." Section 333 (c) of the Reform Act.

The name and address of the applicant is:
Lee Lewis Construction, Inc.
Dana Longino
Chief Pilot
PH: 806-535-5400
Email: dlonginoaen,leelewis.com
Address: 7810 Orlando Ave. Lubbock, TX 79423
Regulations from which the exemption is requested:

14 C.F.R. Part 21
14 C.F.R. 45.23(b)
14 C.F.R. 61.113 (a) & (b)
14 C.F.R. 91.7 (a)
14 C.F.R. 91.9 (b) (2)
14 C.F.R 91.103
14 C.F.R. 91.109
14 C.F.R. 91.119
14 C.F.R. 91.121
14 C.F.R. 91.151 (a)
14 C.F.R. 203 (a) & (b)
14 C.F.R. 91.405 (a)
14 C.F.R. 407 (a) (1)
14 C.F.R. 409 (a) (2)
14 C.F.R. 417 (a) & (b)

    1. STATUTORY AUTHORITY FOR EXEMPTIONS

        The Federal Aviation Act expressly grants the FAA authority to issue exemptions.
This statutory authority includes exempting civil aircraft, as the term is defined under 40101
of the Act, including sUASs, from the requirement that all civil aircraft must have a current
airworthiness certificate.

         The Administrator may grant an exemption from a requirement of a regulation prescribed
under subsection (a) or (b) of this section or any sections 44702-44716 of this title if the
Administrator finds the exemption ion the public interest. 49 U.S.C. 44701(fl See also 49 USC
44711(a); 49 USC 44704; 14 CFR 91.203(a)(1).

         Section 333(b) of the Reform Act assists the Secretary in determining whether sUASs
may operate in the National Airspace System (NAS) without creating a hazard to the user, the
public, or a threat to national security. In making this determination, the Secretary must consider:

             · The sUAS's size, weight, speed, and operational capability;
             · Whether the sUAS operates within the visual line of sight of the operator
             · Whether the sUAS operated outside of highly populated areas and away from

                 close proximity to airports.

         Reform Act 333(a). If the Secretary determines that a sUAS "may operate safely in the
national airspace system, the Secretary shall establish requirements for the safe operation of such
aircraft in the national airspace system." Id. 333(c).
        Lee Lewis Construction, Inc.'s sUAS is a multi-rotor vehicle, weighing 10 or fewer lbs.
including payload. It operates under normal conditions at a speed of no more than 35 knots and
has the capability to hover, and move in the vertical and horizontal plane simultaneously. The
sUAS will operate only in the pilot's visual line of sight at all times. Such operations will insure
that the sUAS will "not create a hazard to users of the national airspace system or the public.
"Reform Act Section 333 (b).

        Given the small size of the sUAS involved and the restricted environment within which
they will operate, our application falls squarely within the zone of safety (an equivalent level of
safety) in which Congress envisioned that the FAA must, by exemption, allow commercial
operations of sUASs to commence immediately.

        Also, due to the small size of the sUAS and the low altitudes and restricted areas in which
our sUAS will operate, approval of the application presents no national security issue.

        Given the clear direction in Section 333 of the Reform Act, the authority contained in the
Federal Aviation Act, as amended; the strong equivalent level of safety surrounding the proposed
operations, and the significant public benefit, including enhanced safety, the grant of the requested
exemptions is in the public interest. Accordingly, Lee Lewis Construction, Inc. respectfully requests
that the FAA grant the requested exemption without delay.

II. PUBLIC INTEREST

        This exemption application is expressly submitted to fulfill Congress' goal in passing
Section 333(a) through (c) of the Reform Act. This law directs the Secretary of Transportation to
consider whether certain unmanned aircraft systems may operate safely in the NAS before
completion of the rulemaking required under Section 332 of the Reform Act. By granting an

exemption the FAA will fulfill Congress' intent of allowing UAS to operate with significant

safety precautions in low risk environments.

        The use of sUASs on a construction site can significantly reduce the risk to workers of
falls while inspecting, surveying, or monitoring site progress. sUASs can inspect, photograph,
and collect data on hard to get to areas that otherwise would require worker inspection. Falls are
the leading source of workplace fatality and injury on construction sites, and reducing falls
through sUAS use for site imaging could save workers lives.

         Additionally, sUASs could replace the use of helicopters and small aircraft to monitor
sites. The sUASs we propose to fly in this application are under five pounds, and carry no
combustible material on board, as opposed to the much larger conventionally powered small
aircraft. Shifting to sUASs from helicopters presents a marked safety increase for workers and
the public.

         Lastly, sUASs reduce the environmental impact by dramatically reducing the energy used

for aerial imaging and data collection over a construction site. Our sUASs use rechargeable
lithium ion batteries, as opposed to fossil fuels burned in operation of small aircraft that are many
hundreds of times heavier.

III. EQUIVALENT LEVEL OF SAFETY

        Lee Lewis Construction, Inc. proposes that the exemption requested herein apply to civil
aircraft that have the characteristics and that operate with the limitations listed herein. These
limitations provide for at least an equivalent or even higher level of safety to operations under
the current regulatory structure because the proposed operations represent a safety enhancement
to the already safe protocols followed on construction sites and imaging and surveying
operations conducted with helicopters and other conventional aircraft. Lee Lewis Construction,
Inc. will be bound by the following limitations when conducting its sUAS operations under an
FAA issued exemption:

    1. The sUAS will be less than 10 pounds.
    2. Flights will be operated within visual line of sight of the Pilot in Command (PIC) and the

        Visual Observer (VO).
    3. Maximum total flight time for each operational flight will be 30 minutes. The UAS

        calculates battery reserve in real time, and will return to it ground station with at least
        20% battery power reserve should that occur prior to the 30 minute limit.
    4. Flights will be operated at a typical altitude of 200 feet AGL, never exceeding 400 feet
        AGL.
    5. Crew for each operation will consist of the sUAS PIC and a VO who will keep the sUAS
         within their visual line of sight at all times.
    6. The sUAS PICs will possess an FAA issued airplane pilot certificate, a current medical
         certificate or US driver's license and be trained in sUAS systems, operations and safety
         procedures in accordance with the defined company sUAS training program.
    7. The sUAS will only operate within a designated area in accordance with the waiver
         provisions.
    8. A briefing will be conducted in regard to the sUAS operations at each construction site to
         include planned operations, safety precautions, and any special procedures required to
         ensure no danger to personnel working at the site
    9. The PIC will have completed the UAS company training program prior to performing
         PIC duties at a site with construction personnel in the area.
    10. Written and/or oral permission from the relevant property holders will be obtained.
    11.All required permissions and permits will be obtained from territorial, state, county, or
         city jurisdiction, including local law enforcement, fire, or other appropriate governmental
         agencies.
    12. If the sUAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, it will have the capability to
         return to a pre-determined location within the Security Perimeter and land.
    13. The sUAS will have the capability to abort a flight in case of unpredicted obstacles or
         emergencies.
     14.The sUASs will not be operated if in the area there are unusual risks such as
         electromagnetic interference, active crane operations, inclement weather, or other
        activities that put the safe operation of the vehicle in question or pose an undue risk to
        personnel or property.

IV. DESCRIPTION OF SPECIFIC REGULATIONS

14 CFR Part 21, Subpart H: Airworthiness Certificates 14 C.F.R 91.203(a)(1)

Subpart H, entitled Airworthiness Certificates, establishes the procedural requirements for the
issuance of airworthiness certificates as required by FAR 91.203 (a)(1). Given the size and
limited operating area associated with the aircraft to be utilized by Lee Lewis Construction, Inc.,
an exemption from Part 21 Subpart H meets the requirements of an equivalent level of safety
under Part II and Section 333 of the Reform Act. The Federal Aviation Act (49 U.S.0 44701 (f)
and Section 333 of the Reform Act both authorize the FAA to exempt aircraft from the
requirement for an airworthiness certificate, upon consideration of the size, weight, speed,
operational capability, and proximity to airports and populated areas of the particular UAS. Our
small UAS will be operated at low speed in a controlled environment, at least five miles from an
airport with Class C, D, or E airspace without proper ATC coordination and clear of any densely
populated areas. An analysis of these criteria demonstrates that the UAS operated without an
airworthiness certificate, in the restricted environment and under the conditions proposed will be
at least as safe, or safer, than conventional aircraft (fixed wing or helicopter) operating with an
airworthiness certificate without the restrictions and conditions proposed.

The sUAS to be operated hereunder is less than lO lbs. fully loaded, carries neither a pilot nor
passenger, carries no explosive materials or flammable liquid fuels, and operates exclusively
within a secured area. Like other civil aircraft, operations under this exemption will be tightly
controlled and monitored by the operator, and under the requirements and in compliance with
local public safety requirements, to provide security for the area of operation as is currently done
on active construction sites.

These safety enhancements, which already apply to civil aircraft operated in connection with
construction sites, provide a greater degree of safety to the public and property owners than
conventional operations conducted with airworthiness certificates issued under 14 C.F.R. Part 21,
Subpart H. Lastly, application of these same criteria demonstrates that there is no credible threat
to national security posed by the UAS, due to its size, speed of operation, location of operation,
lack of explosive materials or flammable liquid fuels, and ability to carry and external load no
greater than two lbs.

The sUAS operated by Lee Lewis Construction, Inc. complies with part 15 of the FCC rules.

14 C.F.R. 45.23(b): Marking of the Aircraft

This regulation requires certain experimental, provisionally certified aircraft, or light-sport
category aircraft to be marked with letters between 2 inches and 6 inches high "limited",
"restricted", "light-sport", "experimental", or "provisional", near each entrance to a cabin,
cockpit, or pilot station.

Even though the UAS will have no airworthiness certificate, an exemption may be needed as the
UAS will have no entrance to the cabin, cockpit, or pilot station on which the word
"Experimental" can be placed. Given the size of the sUAS, two-inch lettering will be impossible.
The word "Experimental" will be placed on the fuselage in compliance with 45.29(f).

The equivalent level of safety will be provided by having the sUAS marked on its fuselage as
required by 45.29(f) where the pilot, observers and others working with the sUAS will see the
identification of the UAS as "Experimental" The FAA has issued the following exemptions to
this regulation. Exemptions Nos. 10700, 8738, 10167 and 10167A.

14 CFR 61.113 (a) &(b): Private pilot privileges and limitations: Pilot in command

Sections 61.113 (a) &(b) limit private pilots to non-commercial operations. Because the UAS
will not carry a pilot or passengers, the proposed operations can achieve the equivalent level of
safety of current operations by requiring the pilot operating the sUAS to possess at least a Sport
Pilot Certificate and have completed a company sUAS flight training course given and
documented by Dana Longino, (Lee Lewis Construction Inc. Chief Pilot, ATP, CFI/II/MEI) or
an experienced sUAS operator with a pilot certificate. The company training course will include
at a minimum; UAV systems and vehicle routine maintenance, control station operation, best
safety practices, flying proficiency, airspace rules, applicable regulatory review, vehicle preflight
inspection procedures, operating environment restrictions and considerations, emergency
operations to include vehicle emergency landing and flight termination guidelines, personnel
briefing requirements, and required operations documentation. Initial PIC, Dana Longino, has
one year experience operating a DJI quadcopter sUAS (Phantom Two Vision Plus) and will self-
certify. Dana has a strong background in sUAS operations, experimental aircraft operations,
airline and military flying, flight safety management, and is a certified flight instructor and
company chief pilot currently flying a Citation Sovereign.

14 C.F.R. 91.7 (a): Civil aircraft airw orthiness

The regulation requires that no person may operate a civil aircraft unless it is in airworthy
condition. As there is no airworthiness certificate issued for the aircraft, should this exemption be
granted, no FAA regulatory standard will exist for determining airworthiness. Given the size of
the aircraft and the use of safety checklists prior to each flight, as set forth in Section B and
Section G, an equivalent level of safety will be provided.

The sUAS operated by Lee Lewis Construction, Inc. will have an operating manual/user guide
that provides full and detailed operating specifications and guidelines sufficient to ensure
compliance with all regulatory and best operating procedures safety practices.
14 C.F.R. 91.9 (b)(2): Civil aircraft flight nianual, niarking, and placard requirements

The sUAS, given its size and configuration has no ability or place to carry such a flight manual
on the aircraft, not only because there is no pilot on board, but because there is no room or
capacity to carry such an item on the aircraft.

The equivalent level of safety will be maintained by keeping the flight manual/user guide at the
ground control point where the pilot flying the sUAS will have immediate access to it. The FAA
has issued the following exemptions to this regulation: Exemption Nos. 8607, 8737, 8738, 9299,
9299A, 9565, 9565B, 10167, 10167A, 10602, 32827, and 10700.

14 C.F.R. 91.103: Preflight Action

This regulation requires each pilot in command to take certain actions before a flight to ensure
the safety of flight. An exemption is needed from this requirement as the pilot will take separate
preflight actions, including checking for weather conditions, checking flight battery
requirements, checking takeoff and landing distances, and all other actions in the Preflight
Checklist in the Manual. These actions will provide an equivalent level of safety.

 14 C.F.R. 91.109 Flight Instruction
Section 91.103 provides that no person may operate a civil aircraft (except a manned free
balloon) that is being used for flight instruction unless that aircraft has fully functioning dual
controls.

By design, sUAS and remotely piloted aircraft do not have fully functional dual controls. Flight
control is accomplished through the use of a control box that communicates with the aircraft via
radio communications. The FAA has previously approved exemptions for aircraft without fully
functional dual controls. See Exemption Nos. 5778K & 9862A. The equivalent level of safety
provided by the fact that neither a pilot nor passengers will be carried in the aircraft, the ability to
control the sUAS via radio signals from the controller, and by the size and speed of the aircraft.

Training will be conducted and documented in an appropriate site clear of any persons and
without risk to property and without infringing on any airspace other than class G below 400 feet
AGL.

14 C.F.R. 91.119: Minimum Safe Altitudes

Section 91.119 establishes safe altitudes for operation of civil aircraft. Section 91.119 (d) allows
helicopters to be operated at less than the minimums prescribed, provided the person operating
the helicopter complies with any route or altitudes prescribed for helicopters by the FAA. This
exemption is for a multirotor craft that flies similarly to a helicopter, with vertical takeoff and
vertical landing, which will typically operate at altitudes of 200 AGL, so an exemption may be
needed to allow such operations. The UAS will never operate at altitude higher than 400 AGL
and will be in a restricted area with security perimeter, where buildings and people will not be
exposed to operations without their pre-obtained consent.

The equivalent level of safety will be achieved given the size, weight, speed of the UAS as well
as the location where it is operated. No flight will be taken without the permission of the
property owner or local officials. Because of the advance notice to the property owner and any
onsite personnel, all affected individuals will be aware of the planned flight operations.
Compared to flight operations with aircraft or rotorcraft weighing far more that the maximum 10
lbs. proposed herein and carrying flammable fuel, any risk associated with our operations of the
sUAS will ensure separation between these small UAS operations and the operations of
conventional aircraft that must comply with Section 91.119.

14 C.F.R. 91:121: Altimeter Settings

This regulation requires each person operating an aircraft to maintain cruising altitude by
reference to an altimeter that is set "to the elevation of the departure airport or an appropriate
altimeter setting available before departure." As the sUAS does not have a barometric altimeter
readout, but instead a GPS altitude read out, an exemption may be needed. An equivalent or
increased level of safety and compliance will be achieved with an altitude readout in feet at the
control station above takeoff "level0".

14 C.F.R. 91.151 (a): Fuel requirements for flight in VFR conditions

Section 91.151 (a) outlines fuel requirements for beginning a flight in VFR conditions. Our UAS
is limited to operations in sterile and controlled environments as outlined above and has a limited
range and flight time which require an exemption from 14 CFR 91.151 (a).

The battery powering the sUAS provides approximately 35 minutes of powered flight. To meet
the 30 minute reserve requirement in 14 CFR 91.151, sUAS flights would be limited to
approximately 5 minutes in length. Given the limitations on the UAS's proposed flight area and
the location of its proposed operations within a predetermined area, a longer time firame for ilight
in daylight or night VFR conditions is reasonable.

Lee Lewis Construction, Inc. believes that an exemption from 14 CFR 91.151 (a) falls within the
scope of prior exemptions. See Exemption 10673 (allowing Lockheed Martin Corporation to
operate without compliance with FAR 91.151 (a)). Operating the small UAS, in a tightly
controlled area where only people and property owners or official representatives who have
signed waivers will be allowed, with less than 30 minutes of reserve fuel, does not engender the
type of risks that Section 91.151 (a) was intended to alleviate given the size and speed of the
small UAS. Additionally, limiting sUAS flights to 10 minutes would greatly reduce the utility for
which the exemption will be granted.

An equivalent level of safety can be achieved by limiting flights to 30 minutes, or enough battery
reserve to ensure that the sUAS lands at the ground station with at least 20% of battery power (as
determined by the onboard monitoring system and the pilot), whichever happens first. This
restriction would be more than adequate to return the sUAS to its planned landing zone from
anywhere in its limited operating area.

Similar exemptions have been granted to other operations, including Exemptions 2689F, 5745,
10673, and 10808.

14 CFR 91.203 (a) &(b): Carrying civil aircraft certification xnd registration.

The regulation provided in part:

    (a) Except as provided in 91.715, no person may operate a civil aircraft unless it has within it
        the following:
        (1) An appropriate and current airworthiness certificate....

    (b) No person may operate a civil aircraft unless he airworthiness certificate required by
        paragraph (a) of this section or a special flight authorization issued under 91.715 is
        displayed at the cabin or cockpit entrance so that it is legible to passengers or crew.

    The UAS fully loaded weighs no more than 10 lbs and is operated without an onboard pilot.
    Therefore there is no ability or place to carry certification and registration documents or to
    display them on the sUAS.

    An equivalent level of safety will be achieved by keeping these documents at the ground
    control point where the pilot flying the sUAS will have immediate access to them, to the
    extent they are applicable to the sUAS. The FAA has issued numerous exemptions to this
    regulation. A representative sample of other exceptions includes Exemption Nos. 9565,
    9665, 9789, 9789A, 9797, 9797A, 9816A, and 10700.

    14 CFR 91.405 (a); 407 (a)(1); 409 (a)(2); 417 (a) &(b): Maintenance inspections

    These regulations require that an aircraft operator or owner "shall have that aircraft inspected
    as prescribed in subpart E of this part and shall between required inspections, except as
    provided in paragraph © of this section, have discrepancies repaired as prescribed in part 43
    of this chapter...," and others shall inspect or maintain the aircraft in compliance with Part
    43.

    Given that these sections and Part 43 apply only to aircraft with an airworthiness certificate,
    these sections will not apply to Lee Lewis Construction, Inc. Routine maintenance will be
    accomplished by the operator pursuant to the flight manual and operating handbook as
    referenced in the Operations Manual. Any modification or non-routine maintenance will be
    conducted by the manufacturer or the manufacturer's designated agent. An equivalent level
    of safety will be achieved because these small UASs are very limited in size and will carry a
    small payload and operate only in restricted areas for limited periods of time. If inechanical
issues arise the UAS can land immediately and will be operating from no higher than 400
feet AGL. As provided in the Manual, the operator will ensure that the UAS is in working
order prior to initiating flight, perform required maintenance, and keep a log of any
maintenance performed. Moreover, the operator is the person most familiar with the aircraft
and best suited to maintain the aircraft in an airworthy condition to provide the equivalent
level of safety.
Pursuant to 14 C.F.R. Part 11, the following summary is provided for publication in the
Fcderal Register, should it be determined that publication is needed:

Applicant seeks an exemption from the following ruies:l4 C.F.R. §21, subpart H; 14
C.F.R 45.23(b);14 C.F.R. §§ 61.113( a) &(b);91.7

(a); 91.9 (b) (2);91.103(b);91.109; 91.119; 91.121; 91.151(a);91.203(a) and (b); 91.405
(a); 91.407 (a) (1); 91.409 (a) (2); 91.409 (a) (2) and 91.417 (a) & (b) to operate
commercially a small unmanned vehicle (551bs or less) in construction operations.

Approval of exemptions allowing commercial operations of sUASs in the construction

industry enhances safcty while reducing risk. Manned aircraft monitoring and surveying
creates a greater risk because the craft are much larger, have combustible fuel, and cany
an onboard human pilot. In contrast, a sUAS weighing fewer than 10 Ibs. and powered by
batteries eliminates virtually all of that risk given the reduced mass and lack of
combustible fuel carried on board. The sUAS will carry no passengers or crew and,
thereforc, will not expose them to the risks associated with manned aircraft flights.

The operation of small UASs, weighting less than 101bs., conducted in the strict
conditions outlined above, will provide an equivalent level of safety supporting the grant
of the exemptions requested herein, including exempting the applicant from the
requircments of Part 21 and allowing commercial operations. These lightweight aircraft
operate at slow speeds, close to the ground, and in a sterile environment and, as a result,
are far safer than conventional operations conducted with turbine helicopters operating in
close proximity to the ground and people.

Privacy

All flights will occur over private or controlled access property with the property owner's
prior consent and knowledge. Images taken will be of individuals who have also
consented to being filmed or otherwisc have agreed to be in the area where aerial
photography will take place.

                                                           *******

Satisfaction of the criteria provided in Section 333 of the Reform Act of 2012--size,
weight, speed, operating capabilities, proximity to airports and populated arcas and
operation within visual line of sight and national security -- provide more than adcquate
justification for the grant of the requested exemptions allowing commercial operation of
applicant's UASs in construction industry pursuant to the Manual appended hereto.
INSPIRE 1    Using this manual

User Manual     Legends

                0 J. ,   A Important  :0: Hints and Tips  [7J Reference

              Before Flight

             1 he following tutorrals and marivals have been produced to ensure you to make full use of your Inspire 1.

             1.DisclBinler
             2.In the Box
             3.Inspire 1 Ovick Start Gurdc
             4.Safely Guidelines
             5.Inspire 1 User Manual
             6.Intelhgent Fhght l3attery Safery Gu delines

             Watching all the tutorial videos and reading the Disclaimer before flight is reconimended. Aflerwards.
             prepare for your first flight by using the Inspire 1 Quick Start Guide. Refer to lhis manual for more
             carnprohcesivc inforniatior,

             Watch the video tutorials                                                                  ~= 'l~i·

             Pleasc watch the lulorial vidw tx:low to icarn how to usc Inspire I correctly and sately:  0
             %wAV.dti.ccm/productlinspire-1 /video

             Download the DJI Pilot app

             Download and install Ihe DJI Pdot app before use. Scan Ihe QR code or visit
             'htlp://m.di.neUdlipibr' to download the app.

                                                                                                        a ~ ._..,

             For the best experience, use mobile devi ce with Andriod V 4.1.2 or above. Requires iOS 8.0 or later.

             2
Contents                                             2                               DJI Pilot App                                         40
                                                     2                                          Camera                                     43
Using this manual                                    2                                          Map                                        43
            Legends                                  2                                          Academy                                    43
            Before Flighl                                                                       User Center
           Watch the video tutorials                 6                                                                                     45
            Download the DJI Pilot app               6                               Flight                                                45
                                                     7                                          Flight Environmenl Requirements            49
Product Profile                                      9                                          Flight Limits and Flight Reslriction Area  49
            Introduction                             9                                          Preflight Checklist                        50
           Feature Highlights                                                                   Calibrating Ihe Compass                    51
           Assemble lhe Aircraft                   12                                           Auto Take-off and Auto Landing             51
           Aircraft Diagram                        12                                           StaAing/Stopping the Motors
           Remote Controller Diagram               12                                           Flight Test                                57
                                                   13                                                                                      60
Aircraft                                           15                                FAQ                                                   61
           Flight Controller                       16                                                                                      62
           Flight Mode                             17                                Appendix
           Flight Status Indicator                 17                                           Specifications
           Retum to Home (RTH)                     18                                           Intelligent Orientation Control (IOC)
           Dynamic Home Point                                                                   How to Update Firmware
           Vision Positioning System               24                                           FCC Compliance
           Flight Recorder                         24
           Attaching and Detaching the Propellers  29
           DJI Intelligent Flight r3attery         31
                                                   32
Remote Controllers                                 33
           Remote Controller Profile
           Remote Controller Operations            35
           Dual Rernote Controllers Mode           36
           Remote Controller Status LED
           Linking the Remote Controller                                       3
           Remote Controller Compliance Version

Gimbal and Carnera
           Camera Profife
           Gimbal

                                                                                  4
                                                                        INSPIRE 1 User Manual                                   INSPIRE 1 User Manual

Aircraft Status Indicator Description                                                                                                   Low f3attery RTH

Normal                                                                                                                                  Thc lov battery level failsafe is Iriggered whcn the DJI Intelligcnt Flight Battery is depleted to a point lhat
                                                                                                                                        may aNect the safe return of the aircratt. Users are advised to return home or land the aircraft irnrrlediatefy
 i, o. r -- Rod. Green and Yellow Flash  power on and self-check                                                                        when these warnings are shown. DJI Pilot app vnll advise user to return the aircraft to lhe Home Point

Altcrnat vely                                                                                                                         when low battey warning Is Iriggered. A rcraft wlll automatically return to the Home Pant if rn action is

G Y, -. ·.--Green and Yellow Flash Alternat0vely Aircraft warming up                                                                    taken after 10 seconds countdovn. User can cancel the RTH by pressing once on the RTH button. The
                                                                                                                                        thresholds `:or these warrtings are automatically determined based on the current aircraft altitude and its
G . ..... Green Flashes Slowly           Safe lo Ry (P mode with GPS and Visio(i Positioning)                                           distance frorn ltte Home Polnt.
                                                                                                                                        Aircraft will land aulomatically if the current battery level can only support tixa aircraft to tand to the ground
G X2 ....·· Green Flashes Tw ce          Safe to Fly (P rnode wflh Vrsion Posi6oning twt without GPS)                                   from Ihe cvrent alt tude. User can use the rernole controller lo control Ihe aircraft's ornentation during the

I -- -Yellov Flashes Sbwiy               Safe lo Fly (A mode but No GPS and Visiofl Posltiortirtg)                          an  oD landiN prccess.

Warrong                                  Remote Controller Signal Lost                                                      nr  m

 v' --· Fast Yelbv Flashing                                                                                                 ^   ^ The Battery Level Indicator is displayed in the DJI Pilot app. and is described below

ia; ··· -Sbw Red Flashing                Low Baltery Warning                                                                                    ~Gitical Low ballery levn.                      Sulflcienl bettevy
                                                                                                                                                                                                6ovel(Greenl
n' ··. .·Fasl Red Flashing               Critical Low Battery Warning                                                                           wanung(Red)
                                                                                                                                                                                                 ~-- Hemainmg lirght Ircre
fY ·-· ·.-Red Flashing Afternativefy     IMU Error                                                                                                                               Ln.v tvattery
                                                                                                                                                                                 evel wammg--
rn -- Solid Red                          Critical Error
                                                                                                                                                                              b---- - -

...... Red and Ye km, Flash Allernibvely Compass Callbralion Required                                                                                              Power re ires
                                                                                                                                                                   to return hune

Return to Home (RTH)                                                                                                                                               Battery k:yel ma,catrv

The Relurn to Horne (RTH) brings the aircraft back to the last recorded Hane Polnt. There are three ca.ses                      Battery Level   Remark             A'rcraft Status              D,fl Pilot app                    Flight Instructions
that wU trggrx RTH procedure; they are Sman RTH, Low Battery RTH and Farlsate RTH.                                                 Wam nq                             Indicator

m GPS                                                    Descrlption                                                                                                                            Tap "Go-horra' to have
                                                                                                                                                                                                the aircraft retum to the
                                                 The Fiome Point is the bcatoon al which your aircraft takes o(1 when the       Low battc~y     The battery        Aircralt stalus              I lome point and land             Hy the aircralt
                                                 GPS signal is strong. You can view the GPS srgnal strength throcgh             level warrn xg  power Is low.      Indicator blinks             automatically, or 'Cancel" to
riomePoint kdl the GPS icon ( k LI ). If you are usirig the Dynamic Home Point                                                                  P~ase land the     RED slowly.                  resume normal flight. If no       back and land
                                                 setting, the I lane Point will be updated to your current posifion as you                      aircraft.                                       aclion Is taken, the aircraft     it as soon as
                                                 move around and wtx,Kl the tircraft Slatus Indicator blirks green.                                                                             wll automaticatly go home         po~'ble. lten
                                                                                                                                                                                                and land after 10 seconds.        stop the motors
Smart RTH                                                                                                                                                                                       Remote cortroller Hdll sound      and replace the

Using the RTIi button on the remote controller (refer to "RTH button' on P28 for more information) or the                                                                                       an alarm.                         battery.
RTH button in ttte DJI Pilot app when GPS is avaifable to enables smart RTH. The aircraft return to the
lalest recorded Home Poirt, you may control the alrcraft's orientation to avold colllsron during the Smarl                      Critical Low    The aircraft       Aircraft status              The DjI Pllot app saeen will      The aircra`t
R T H. Press the Smarl R1N button once to start Ihe process, press the Smart R I H button agein to exit                         battery level   must land          indicator blinks             f bsh red and aircraft starts to  will begin to
Smart RTH and regain Ihe control.                                                                                               warning
                                                                                                                                                imrTiodiately.                                  descend. Remote con:roller        descend and land
                                                                                                                                                                   RED qu ckly.will sound an alarm.                               aufomatically.

                                                                                                                                Estimated       Estiniated         N/A                          NA                                N/A
                                                                                                                                remainmg        rernaining Il ght
                                                                                                                                fhght time      based on cunent
                                                                                                                                                battery levnl.

                                                                                               13                               14
                                                                  INSPIRE 1 User Manual                                   INSPIRE 1 Uscr Manual

~ · When the critical battery level warning activates and the aircraft is descending to land                              There are two options lor Dynamic Home Poinl.
                                                                                                                          1. Set the aircraft current coordinate as the new Home Point.
         automatically, ycu may push the throtlfe upward to hover the aircraft and navigate it to a rnore                 2. Set the remote controller s coordinate as the new Home Point.
         appropriate location for landng.                                                                                 Setting Up Dynamic Home Point
       · Co1or zones and markers on the battery level rndicator reflecl estimated remaining flight time                   Follow the steps below to setup Dynamic Home Point:
         and are adjusted automatically, according to the aircraft's cunent status.                                       1. Connect to the mobile device and launch the DJI Pilot app and go to the "Camera" page.

Failsafe RTH                                                                                                   D       ~2. Tap"g"and select' . to reset the remote controller's coordinates as the new Home Point.
                                                                                                                       ~3. Tap'©"and select' '. to reset the .,n refi s coordinates as the new Home Point.
Faisafe RTH is activated automatically il remote controller signat (including video relay signal) is lost for
more than 3 secorxis provded that Horne Point has been successfully recorded and cornpass is working                      4. The airc ,aft status indicator bhnks green lo show Honie Poinl is set successfulfy.
nomially. Retum home process rnay be interrupted and the operator can regain control over the aircraft if         D

a renate controller signal is resvrted.                                                                                 Vision Positioning System

Fagsafe Illustration       2 CoMinn Home Po nt                    3 Remote Controller Signal Lost                         DJI Vision Posltioning is a posilioning system that uses ultrasonic and image data to help Ihe aircraft
 1 Record Home Point (HP)                                  k,pll                                                          idenbfy its current position. With the help of Vision Positioning, your Insplre 1 can hover in place more
                                                                                                                          precisely and fly indoors or in olher environments where there is no GPS signal availabte. The main
 ®                         ®·             ~                       ®·                    ~                                 componerns of DJI Vision Positioning are located on the bottom of your Inspire 1, including [1]two sonar
                                                                                                                          sensors and[21one monocular camera.
 BNnkirg Green             Btnlang Green                          Fast Blinktriq Yclow
                                                                                                                                                                   ~.
4 Sigrd Lost Las1s 3secs.  5 Go Home(20n can be sel)              6 Landing after Hovering 15secs
                                                                                                                          Using Vision Positionirrg
Or~                        ~~·l'+         ~W,wx.Aln ...           ~·                                                     Vision Posdron ng Is act vated automatically when the Inspire 1 rs powered on. No manual action rs
                                            ~ rll'·                                                                      required. Visien Positionirg is rypically used in the indoor environment where no GPS is avarlable. By
v~                                                                Fest F3hiWrg Yerbrv                                    using the sensors on the Vision Positioning system, Inspire 1 can pedorm precision hovering even when
                           r asl Blinkklg Yellow , M                                                                     no GPS is available.
feet BlnWrg YepDN

®· Aircraft automaGcally descends and lands if RTH is triggered when the aircraft flies within a 20
          meter (65 feet) radius of the Horr>e Point.
          Aircraft cannot avoid obstruction during the Failsafe RTH, therefore it is anportant to set an
          reasonable Failsafe allilude before each flight. Launch the OJI Pilot app and enter `Camera"
          view and sefect "MODF" to sel lhe Failsafe altitude.
          Aircraft will stop ascending and inmediately retum to the Home Point d you move the ttxottle
          strck rf the aircraft reaches 20 rn al6tudes or beyond during Faifsafe.

 Dynamic Home Point                                                                     m

Dynamic home point is useful m srtuat ons when you are in
molion and require a Home Pornt that is different from the
takeoff point. GPS module is located at the position sha+vn in
the f igure beloro:

 ® Ensure the space above the GPS module is not
          obstnicted when using Dynamic Home Point.

                                                                                           15116                  :.. :.........
INSPIRE 1 User Manual                                                                                                                     INSPIRE 1 User Manual

Follow the steps below to use Visron Posdioning:                                                                                          match the nut with the dols on the motors of your Inspire 1:

1. Toggle the switch to "P" as shonm the f igure to the right:                               e                                            prwdlers                       Grey cap(1345)                 Bladc eap(1345R)
2. Place lhe Inspire 1 on a flat surface. No6ce that lhe Vision Positioning system 
                                                                                                                                          Figure
   cannot work properly on surfaces without pattern variaGons.
3. Po·ver on the Inspire 1. The aircraft status indicalor will flash lwice in green light,                                                Attach OnMotors without a black dot Motors with a black dot
                                                                                                                                                                      q
   which nclicates the Vision Positioning system is ready. Genlly push the Ihrottle up                                                    l.egends~f~91ULnolocckk:
   to liri off, and the Inspire 1 will hover ~t place.                                                                                                                   Turn the propellers in 1M: indicated direction to mount and tighten
                                                                                                                                                                         : Turn the propellers in the indicated direction to loosen and remave

  8 The performance of your Inspire 1's Vision Positionirig System is subject to the surface you are                                             Attaching the Propellers
          tlying orer. The ullrasenic waves rnay not be able lo accurately measure the distance over sound
         absorbing materials, and the camera may not function correclly in suboptimal environments. The                                         1. Attach the propellers with a grey nut onto a motor without a black dot and spin the propellers clockwise
         aircrafl wdl swilch from `P mode to "A' rnode automatically if both GPS and Vision Positioning D                                 D to seeure them in place. Attach the propellers with a black nut onto a rnotor with a black dot and spin
          System are not available. So operate the aircrari eautiously when in any ot the following situations: ~                         ~ the propelters counler clocknnse to secure its posiGon. Be sure to completely tighten each propeller by
          · Flyng over monochrome surfaces (e.g. pure black, pure white, pure red, pure green).                                           --hand before flight.
          · Flyng over a highly reflective surfaces.
          · Flying at high speeds(over Bm/s at 2 meters or over 4m/s at 1 meter).                                                                                        tr
          · Flying over water or trarisparent surfaces.
          · Flying over movng surfaces or objects.                                                                                                                                                      ~
          · Flying in an area where the ligNing changes frequenUy or drastically.
          · Flying over extremoly dark (lux < 10) or bright (lux > 10,000) surfaces.                                                         IQ · Ereure propellers are altached lo its corresporxing motors, olherwiso the aircraft carvtot lake off.
          · Flying over surfaces that can absorb sound waves (e.g. thlek carpet).                                                                   · Handling the propellers with care.
          · Flying onrer surFaces without clear pattems or texture.                                                                                 · Manually tighten each of the propellers on the corresponding motors to ersure it is attached Iinnly.
          · Flying over surfaces with identical repeating patterns or texlures (e.g. tiles with same design)
          · Flyng over indined surfaces that will deflect sound waves away from the aircraft.                                             Detaching the Propellers
          · In the event of loss of remote controller's signal, the aircraft will hover for 8 seconds and then                            Hold the motor still. Then spin the propeller in the unbck direction indicated on the propeller itseC.
            auto-land if it is in 'P' mode.
                                                                                                                                          Detachirg 1345s Quick-Release Propellers
  ~ · Keep the sensors clean at a11 times. Dirt or other debris may adversely affect the effecliveness                                    Press the 1345s Quick-Release propellers downward firmly ihen rotate the propeller in the unlock
            of the sensors.                                                                                                               direction to unlock the propellers.

          · The effective hovering attitudes of lhe aircraft is from 0 to 2.5 meters.                                                       m· Check that the propellers and motors are installed correctly and firmly before every flight.
          · V~sqn Posiliornng system may rtol funclion properly when the aircraft is flying over water.                                            · Eruure thal all propellers are in geod condition before each flight. DO NOT use old, chipped,
          · Vis'on Positioning system may not be able to fecognize pattern on the ground in low light                                                or txoken propellers.
                                                                                                                                                  · Toavoid injury, STAND CIFAR ol and DO NOT touch propellers or motors when they are spinning.
            cond'Aions (less than 100tux).                                                                                                         · OIJLY use original DJI propellers for a better and safer flight experience.
          · Do not use other ultrasonic deviees wilh frequency of 40 KHz when Vision Positioning system is 
                                                                                                                                           DJI Intelligent Flight Battery
            rn operation.
          · Vision Posilioning system may not be able to slabilize Ihe aircrafl when flying close lo lhe                                  The DJI Intelligent Flight Battery has a capacily of 4500mAh, voltage of 22.2V, atid smart charge-
                                                                                                                                          discharge functionality. It can onty be charged with an appropriate DJI approved charger.
            ground (below 0.5 meters) in fasl speed.
                                                                                                                                           IntelFgenl Fllght t3auery
 ~ Keep the anfmals away from the aircraft when Vision Positioning system is activated. The sonar                                         18
          sensor ernits high frequency sound fhat is only audible to sorne animals. 

 Flight Recorder

Flight data is automatically stored in the intc;rnal storage device of the aircraft. User can gain access to
these data through the DJI Pilot app. This Includes flight duration, orientation, distance, aircrafl status
informalipn. speed. and olher parameters.

Attaching and Detaching the Propellers

Use o.~ly DJI approved propellers with your Inspire 1. The grey or black nut on the propeller indicates
the rotation direction of the propeller and where it should be attached. To aftach the propellers properly,

                                                                                                                                      17
                                                                                                                             INSPIRE 1 User Manual

Flight                                                                                                                       GPSSigrelStrong c, ------ BlinkingGreen

Once pre-flght preparation is complete, it is recommended to use the flight simulator lo learn hov to fly                                           Flght Limfls                   DJI Pilot App      AircraH Status Indreator
safely. Ensure thal all flights are carried out in a suitable location.
                                                                                                                                                    Flight attitude must be under  Warning: Height    None.
 Flight Environment Requirements                                                                                             Max I ieight           the set height.                lirnil reached.
                                                                                                                                                                                                      Rapid red flashing . r
1. Do not use the a rcraft in severe weathc:r conditions. Ttiese include w nd speed excecsling tOmis .                       Max Radiis             F6ght distance must be within  Warning: Distance   -· when close to the
    snow, rain and srnog.                                                                                                                           tlle max radius.               limit reacfled.    max radius limil.

2. Only fly in open areas. Tall bulldings arid sleel slructures may affect the accuracy of the on-board                      GPS Signal Weak Y ...... Blinking Yelbw
    compass and GPS signal.
                                                                                                                                           Flight Limits                DJI Pdot App                  Aircraft Status Indicator
3. Avoid from obstacles, crowds, hgh vottage power lines. Irees or bodies of water.                                                                                                                   tJaie
4. Minrmrze electromagrietic inlCrference by nol 8yrng in area wrth high Ievels of electrornagnetism.                        Max Height    Flrght height restric:ed to  Warning: Height limit
                                                                                                                                           120m and under.              reached.
    including mobile phorte base stations or radio transmission towers.                                              ,_,
5. Aircraft and battery perfonnance is subject to environment factor such as air density and temperature.                 T
                                                                                                                     ~
    Be very careful when flying 14700 feet (4500 meters) or rnofc above sea level as battery and a rcraft              ~  (a Max Radius No limils
    performance may be reduced.
6'The Inspirc 1 cannot ooerale vntl n ti ie taolar a ,eas rri "P' mode.                                                       m · If pu ffy out of the limit, you can slill conlrol the InSpire 1, but caruiot fly it further.
                                                                                                                                      · If lrle Inspire 1 flies out of Ihe rnax radius in Ready to Ffy (norrGl'S) mode. It will fly back w4hin
 Flight Limits and Flight Restriction Area                                                                                              range aulomatically.

f-ligtit bnvls on neig' t anci distane ran be set. I he deta s ot these fl ght limits are descnbed in the following          No-Fly Zones
sedior.                                                                                                                      AII No-Fly Zones are listed on the DJI ofhcial website at http:qtfysafe.dli.comhlo-fly. No-Fly Zones are
AII urlrnanned aerial vehicle (UAV) operalors shortld abide by all regulalirxrs from sucti organizalions as                  divlded intc Airports and Restricted Areas. Airports include mapr airports and ttying fietds where manned
the ICAO (International Civil Avlation Organization), FAA and Iheir own national airspace regulations. For                   aircraft operate at lo.v altitudes. Restricted Areas include borders between counlries or sensitive sites.
safety reasons. Ihe flight Irmits functiorl is enabfed by default to help users use this product safely and                  The details of the No-Fly Zones are exptained below:
Icgally. The flight limils function includes height Bmits, distance lirnits and No Fly Zones.
When operating in P Mode, height, distance limits and No Fly 7ones work together to manage flight In A                       Airport:
rlxxie rxily heigtH lirnits work and flights canrot go higher than 120 rnelers.                                              (1) Airport Wo-Fly Zones are cornprised of Takeoff Restricted Zones and Reslricterl-Altitude Zones. Each

Max Height & Radius Limits                                                                                                       zone fealures circles of various size.
                                                                                                                             (2) R1 depelds on the size and shape of the airporl, and is an area around the airport that is a Takeoff
Max He ght & Radius limii Ilying height and d;stance, and the user may change these settings in the
OJI Plot App. Once complete, your Insp re 1 will tfy in a restr cted cylinder that is determ ned by these                         Restricted Zone. inside of which take-off and flight is prevented.
settings. The tables bebw show Ihe details of lhese linlits.                                                                 (3) From Rt lo R1+ 1 mile around the a rport, the fl ght alldude is I m ted on a 15 degree incl ne. starting at

                                                                                                                                 65 feet 120 meters) from the edge of airpon and radiating outward. The flight alt tude is I m ted lo 1640
                                                                                                                                 feet (5 D rneters) at R 1+ 1 nlile.
                                                                                                                             (4) When the aircraft is wthin 320 feet (100 meters) of the No-Fly Zones, a warn ng message will appear
                                                                                                                                 in the DJI Pilot app.

 ."aa Ratlhxs

1 icnv.+ Point
HCHQht of aRCfaft
when oftaed on

                   45                                                                                                        461.


                                                                                                 INSPIRE 1 User Manual          INSPIRE 1 'Jser Manual

                                                                                                                                GPS Signal Strong .0 ...... Blirdcing Green

                                                                                                                                7one            Reslriction                      DJI Pilot App Prompt                    AircrraR
                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Staous
                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Indicator

                                                                                                                                                Motors will not start.           Waming: You are in a No-fly
                                                                                                                                                                                 zone. Take off prohibited.
  1640 t
  feet                                                                                                                          No-tly Zone     If the aircraR enters the        Warrting: You are in a No-ity
                                                                                                                                     ·          restricled area In A mode bul    zorle, automatic landing has
  1                                                                                                                                             P mode activates the aircraft    begun. (If you are vrithin 1.5 mile
                                 /mile    I- -- R1 -  I                                                                                         will automatically descend to    radius)
                              r
                                        R2                       No· ra.nKka ma,a, e aM -- w.m, g ~                                             land then stop its molors after
          rneM ~                                                                                                                                landing.

  Restncted Areas:                                                                                                                                                               Warning: You are in a restricted ~ .

  (1) Resbicted Areas do not have a Ilight akitude restriction.                                                         -,  TI                                                   zone. Descending to safe                Red Itashing

  (2) R around the designated Restricted Area is a Takeofl Restricted area. A{rcraft cannot lakeoff within (0               ro   ResUic~d-      If the aircraft enters the       aftitude. (II you are between the
                                                                                                                            3   altitude Bight  r~tricted area in A mode but P   range of 1.5 mite and 5 mile
  this zone. The value of R varies depending on the definitiun of the Reslricted Area.                                                          ~~ activates, it will descend    radius)

  (3) A'warrnng zone" has been set afound each Restricted Area. When Ihe aircraft is within 0.6 miles (1                        z~              to a safe albltxle and hover 15 Warrung: You are in a restricted

  km) ot Ihis zone, a warning message will appear in the DJI F1bl app.                                                          9i              feet below the safe aflitude.    zone. Max flight height restricted

                                                                                                                                                                                 to belween 10.5m arxl 120m. Fly

                                        ~ ·-- Restricded Areas --· ~                                                                                                             Cautiously.

                                                                                                                                Waming zone tdo ffight resoriction applies, but Waming: You are approaching a
                                                                                                                                                      there will be warnirx,) message. restricted zone, Fly Cauliously.

                                                                                                                                Free zme        No restrictions.                 None.                                   None.

                                 t      ,,                       t ~r

                                        ~t0pm R ~ ·                                                                             M Sem-automatic descent: AII stick commands are available except the throttle stick comrnand
                                                                      ra~Ne~s waRrqrcro r,«.m ~                                         durirg the descent and landing process. Motors will stop automatically after landing.

                                                                                                                                ®· When flying in the safety zone, aircraft status indieator wilt blink red quickty and contiue for 3
                                                                                                                                          seconds, then switch to indicate current flying status and continue for 5 seconds at wlich point
                                                                                                                                          it vrill switch back to red blinking.

                                                                                                                                      · Fa safely reasons, please do not fly close to airports, higlrNays, railway stations, railway lines.
                                                                                                                                          city centers and other special areas. Try to ensure Ihe aircraft is visible.

                                                                                                     47 48 . 1., 1.1 F,,- ::..:..... .:.
                                                  INSPIRE 1 ll.o- ht,--al                                           INSPIRE 1 User Manual

 Preflight Checklist                                                                                                3. Hold the aircraff vertically with nose pointing daYvnward, and rotate it 361 degrees around the center
                                                                                                                       axis. Recalibrate the compass if the Alrcraft Status Indicator show solid red.
1. Rernote controller. aircrafl battery, and mobile device are tully charged
2. Propellers are ruourited correctly and firmly.
3. Micro-SD card has been mserted rf necessary.
4. Gimbal is functVDning as normal.
5. Motors can start and are function ng as normal.
6. DJI Pilot app ccnnected to the aircraft.

 Calibrating the Compass

IMPORTANi Make sure to calibrate tne compass in every new fl ght locatron. Ihe compass rs very
sensdNe to ebctromagnetic intcyference, which can cause abnornial compass data leading to poor ftight
pedormance or even failure. Regular calbration is required for optimum perforrnance.

e · DO NOT c.a6brale your cornpass wtiere there is a chance of strong magrietic irflerfererrce, such

as magnehte, parking structures. and steel reinforcements underground.                                      t'--or  T  ~-+
                                                                                                                    ~
· DO NOT carry ferromagnetic materials with you during ealibration such as keys or cellular ?

phones.

· DO NOT caibrate beside niass ve metal objects.

Calibration Procedures                                                                                                       If the Ahcraft Status Indlcator blinks red and yellow afler the calibration, move your attcraft to a
                                                                                                                             different location to carry out compass calibration.
Choose an operr space to carry out the follow ng procedures.
1. Ensure tttat lhe cornpass rs ca4brated. If you did rtot calibrate the compass as part of your pre-f6ght            tCY. Calibrate the compass before each flight. Launch DJI Pllot App. lollow the or}screen instruction
                                                                                                                             to calibrate tt ie compass.
   preparations, or il you have moved to a new location since the last cal brahon, tap Aircraft Status
    Indcalor bar in lhe app and select -Calibrate', then lollovv Ihe on-screen instructrons.                        When to Recalibrate
2. Hold and rotate the aircraft horizontally 360 degrees, and the A rcraft Status Indicator will display a          1. When ccrnpass data is abnormal, and Ihe Aircraft Status Ind cator is blinkirig red and yellow
   solid green light                                                                                                2. When flying in a new bcation, or a location that is different from your las; flight.
                                                                                                                    3. When the mechanical structure of the Inspire 1 has changed, i.e. changed mounting posbon of fhe
         u~~~-
                                                                                                                       conipass.
                                                                                                                    7. N/nen severe drifting occurs in rlighl, i.e, the Inspire 1 does not fly in straight lines.

                                                                                                                    Auto Take-off and Auto Landing

                                                                                                                    Auto T.ilce-off
                                                                                                                    Use auto takeoff 10 take ofr your aircrafl aulomatically if Ihe Aircraft Stalus Indicator displays blinking
                                                                                                                    green. Follorv the steps below to use auto take-off
                                                                                                                    1. Launch DJI Pdot app. enter °Camera - page.
                                                                                                                    2. Ensure the aircraft Is in "P' mode.
                                                                                                                    3. Go through the pre-fhght Checklist.
                                                                                                                    4. Tap"Z", and confirm Ilighl condition. Slide to confirm and take-off.
                                                                                                                    5. Aircraft takes off and hovers at 1.5 meters above grourid.

                                                  149 50


                                                                                                            INSPIRE 1 User Manual                INSPIRE I Uaer Manual

  Auto-1 anc4ng                                                                                                                                 6. Shoot photos and videos using the DJI Pllot app.
  Use auto-landing to land your aircralt automatically d the Aircrah Status fridicator displays bhnking green.                                  7. To land hover over a level surface and gently pull down on the throttle slowly to descend.
  Folbw lhe steps below to use autoaandng.                                                                                                      8. After landing, execute the CSC command or hold the throttle at its lowest position for 3 seconds or
  1.Fnsure the aircraft Is in "P" mode.
  2. Check tne landing area conddion oefore tapping " -t", to perform lartding.                                                                     more until lhe motors stop.
  3. Aircraft bwers lhe landing gear and proceed to land autornalically.                                                                        9. Turn off lhe Inlelligent Ffight Battery firsl, followed by the Remote Controller.

           Landng gear will automabcally raise when the aircraft roaches an altitude of 1.2m for the first                                       ©· Vdien the Aircraft Status Indicator bi nks yelbw rapidly during f light, the aircrafl has entered Faitsafe
           tme, and autorratically lower every time it descends to 0.8m. Users can turn this feature ON/OFF                                                rtt>de.
           in the Pilot app.
                                                                                                                                                          · A low battery level warning is rndicated by the Aircrafl Status Indicator blrnking red sbwly or
  Starting/Stopping the Motors                                                                                                                              rapidly during flighl.

  Starting Motors                                                                                                                  T                      · Watch video tutorials about flighl for rnore flight information.
                                                                                                                                   ~s
  The Cornbination Stick Command (CSC) listed below are used to stan the motors instead of simply push-                                       Video Suggestions and Trps
  ing Ihe slick up. Ensure lhat you pedorm the CSC rn one molion.                                                                              1. Work thrargh the checklist before each flight.
                                                                                                                                               2. Select desired gimbal working niode in Ihe DJI Pilot app.
                   q p Ofi                                                      Q                                                      T3. Aim to Jtoot when flying in P niode only.
                                                                            kk                                                         ?4. Always Ily in good wealher, such as sunny or wmdless days.
                                                                                      ~                                                        5. Charxge carnera setlings to suit you. These include photo forrnat artd exposure compensatk,n.
                                                                                                                                               6. Performflight lesls to establish Oight routes and sc:enes.
                                                                                                                                               7. Push the sticks gently to make aircraft niovements slable and smooth.

  Stopping Motors

  fhere are two methods to stop the rnotors.
  Mettrod 1 When Ote Inspire t has landed, push the tl rottle downr0, then conducl CSC ®. Motors will stop
  mmediatey. Release both sticks onco motors stop.
  Method 2 Wnen the aircraft has landed, push the throttle down and hold. Ttie niotors will stop aher 3
  seconds.

  1 . ,~~ ~ © I~~ ~~                   ~~ ~~~,,~~~ ~ ~

  `--              -            - ~'   -                                        --

  f?-) no· per'orni rSC wlen aircraft is in midair, otherwise the motors will be stoppen

   Flight Test                                                                                                                               52

  Take offiLanding Procedures
  1. Place the aircraft on open f ial ground with battery Ind ^ators facing towards you.
  2. Power on the remote controller and your mobile device. then the IntelGgent Flight Battery.
  3. Launch Ihe DJI Pilot App and enter the Carnera page.
  4. Wait unbl the Aircraft Indicator blinks green This means the Home Point is recorded and it rs safe to fly

      now. If it f ashes yellow, it means Horne Point is not recorded, and you sho.ild not take off.
  5. Push the throttle up slowly to take off or us ng Auto take-off to take off.

                                                                                                                                         51
                                                                                                                               INSPIRE 1 User Manual                                                                                                                             Appendix
14. What flight controller does ihe lnspire 1 use?

     The Inspire 1 uses rts own new 11ight controller.
15. Which motors arxf propellers does tho Inspire 1 come with?

     The Inspire 1 uses 3510 motors and 1345 propellers.
16. Aircraft frarne arrn joints appear bosen, is that normal?

     The space of the joins slwwn in the below figure is normat and it will not affect the performance o1
     aircratt. do not adjust Ihe position of the screws on your own.

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        'T1

                                                                                                                                                                        D
                                                                                                                                                                        Q

17. Failed to complete se8-check?
    Place the aircraft on lhe Ilat surface before powering on. Do not nwve the aircraft during the self-
    check.

_ ...55                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      56
Appendix                      T600                                                                              I NS PIR E 1 lk<.r M a n ua l       Y.3
                                                                                                                                                    FC350
Specifications                2935 g                                                                                  Camera                        12.76M
                                                                                                                  Name                              12.4M
 Aircraft                     Verticat 0.5 m                                                                      Model                             4000x30o0
 Model                        Horizontal: 2.5 m                                                                   Total Pixeb                       100-3200 (vldeo) 100-1600 (photo)
 Weight (Baltery Included)                                                                                        Etfective Pixels                  8 s to 1/8000 s
                              Pitch: 300°/s                                                                       Image MaK Size                    94°
 Hovering Accuracy (P Mode)   Yaw 150"/s                                                                          ISO Range                         Sony F_XfdUR 112.3'
                                                                                                                  Electron c Shutter Speed          20mm (35mm format equ vatenl) f/2.8 focus at oo )
 Max Angular Velocity         35"                                                                                 FOV (Freld Of View)               9 Elemenls in 9 groups
                                                                                                                 CMUS                               Anti-distorlion
 Max TiIt Angle               5 m/s                                                                                                                 Smglc shoot
 Max Ascent Speed                                                                                                 Lens                              Bursl shooting: 3 1517 frames
 Max Descent Speed            4 m/s                                                                                                                 Auto Exposure Bracketing (AIcB) 3/5 bracketed frames al
 Max Speed                                                           D D Stdl Photography Modes                                                     0.7EV Bias
 Max flighl Nlitude           22 m/s (ATTI mode, no wind)             D>u Dm>                                                                       Time-lapse
 Max Wrnd Speed Resislarrce                                            ag                                                                           UHD (4K): 4096x2160p24/25, 3840x2160p24/25130
 Max fhghl Time               45pp m             (, ·~ ~-                                                                                           FHD: 1920x1080p24/25/30/48/50/60
 Motor Model                  10 m/s                                                                             TC                                 HD: 1280x720p24/25/30/48/50/60
 Propeller Model                                                                                                                                    60 Mbps
 Indoor Hovefing              Approxrmately 16 rnnules                                                                Video Recad ng Modes          FAT32/exFAT
 Ooerating Temperature Range                                                                                                                        Photo: JPEG. DNG
 Diagonal Distance            DJI 3510                                                                                Max Bilrate Of Video Slorage  Video: MP4/MOV (MPEG-4 AVC/H.264)
 Drmensions                                                                                                                                         Micro SD
 Gimbal                       DJI 1345                                                                                Supporfed File Formals        Max capacity 61 GB. Class 10 or UHS-1 rahng required.
 Model                                                                                                                                              0` l0 40° C
 Outpul Power (WithCamera)    Enabled by defaull                                                                      SupportedSD Card Types
 Operating Current                                                                                                    Operating temperature Range   C1
 Angular Vibratron Range      -10" to 401 C                                                                           Remote Controller
 Mounteig                                                                                                                                           922.7MHz-927 7 MHz (Japan Only)
                              559 to 581 mm                                                            Name                                         5.725-5.825 GHz:2.400-2.483 GHz
 Contrdlable Ranqe                                                                                                                                  2 km (Ouldoor And Unobslructed)
                              438x451x301 mm                                                                          Operaling Frequency           10dBm0900m. 13dBm@5.8G. 20dBm@2 4G
Mechanical Range                                                                                                      Transmitting D stance         USB, Mini-HDMI
                              ZENMUSE X3                                                                              EIRP                          Built-in baltery
Max Coritrollable Speed       Static: 9 W: In Motion. 11 W                                                            Video Output Port             DJI charger
                              Station 750 mA; Mot,on 900 inA                                                          Power Supply                  tiost-and-Slave connection
                              t0.03°                                                                                  Charging
                              Detachable                                                                              Dual User Capabiliry
                              Pitch -901 to +30°
                              Pan: t320°                      57 58.
                              Pilch: -125° lo +45°
                              Pan- :330°
                              Pitch: 1201/s
                              Pan: 1801/s
Mobile Device Holder                                                              INSPIRE 1 User Manual       INSPIRE 1 User Manua               180 W
Outpul Power
Operatfng Temperature Range  Tablet or Smarr Phone                                                             Max Charging Power                Below 8 m/s (2 m above ground)
                             9W                                                                                Vision Poationing                 5-500 cm
Storage Temperalure Range    -10° to 40° C                                                                     Velocity Range                    Brightly lit (lux > 15) palterned surfaces
                             Less than 3 months: -20" to 45° C                                                 Altilude Ranga                    0-250 cm
Charging Temperature Range   More than 3 months: 22' to 28° C                                                  Operating Environment
Battery                      o-40" C                                                                           Operaling Range                   iOS vers on 7.1 or later. Android version 4.1.2 or later
Charger                      6070 rnAh LiPo 2S                                                                 DJI Pilot App                     ' iPhone 6 Plus, iPhone 6, iPhone 5S, iPad Air 2. iPad Mini
Model                                                                                                          Mobde Device System Requirements  3, iPad Air, iPad Mini 2, iPad 4;' Sarnsung Note 3, Samsung
Voltage                      A14-1001'1A                                                                                                         S5. Sony 23 EXPERIA;' Note: It is recommended that you
Raled Po.ver                 26.3 V                                                                            Supported Mobile nevices          use a tabtet for the best experience
Battery (Standard)           100 W
Name
Modet                        Intelligent Fhght Rattery                                                   n           Intelligent Orientation Control (IOC)
Capac ty                                                                                                 mn>
Voltage                      TB47                                                                        K            lik; aliaws uscrs to I;x:k [l:e onernir.on o: aircralt in different fashions. There are three working modes for
Batlery Iype                 4500 mAh                                                                         -o IOC and you may select lhe desirod IOC modes from the DJI Pllot app. IOC only works under F mode,
Energy                       22.2 v                                                                           ma>and user musl toggle Ihe f light mode switch to "F" rnode to activate IOC. Refer to Ihe table beloov:
Net Weight                   LfPo 6S li gh voltage baltery                                                    x
Operabng Temperature Range   99.9 Wh
                             570 g                                                                                                                     Its forward direction is pointing to the nose direction when recording, which is
Storage Temperature Range    -10' lo 40' C                                                                             Course Lock (CL)
                             Less than 3 months: -20° to 45° C
Charging Temperature Range   More than 3 months: 22` C to 28° C                                                                                        fixed until you re-record it or exil from CL.
Max Charging Povier          0° to 40" C
Battery (Optfonal)                                                                                                                                     Record a Home Point (HP), and push Pitch stick to control the aircratt far from
Name                         180 W                                                                                     Horne Lock (HL)'or near to the HP.
Mudel                                                                                                                  Pant of Interest (POI)· Point of Interest. Record a point of inleresl (POI), the a ucraft can cirde around
Capacity
Voltage                                                                                                                                                the POI, and lhe rtose a lways points to the POI.
Battery Type
Energy                       Intelligent Flight Battery                                                        ;i~.- 'Horne Lock and Point of Inlerest feature are coming soon.
Net Welght
Operating Temperature Range  T848                                                                             Prerequisites of IOC
                             5700 mAh                                                                         Use the IOC feature under ihe lolknwng condilion:
Staage Temperalure Hange     22.8 V
                             LiPo 6S                                                                          Modes IOCGPS enabledGPS                                            Fpght Distartce lirnits
Charging Temperature Range   129.96 Wh
                             670 g                                                                            Course LockNo None                                                 None
                             -10 to 40° C
                             Less than 3 months: -20 to 45" C                                                 Home LockYea Rd Aireraft ,>ra^ Home Poirit
                             More Ihan 3 months: 22" to 28' C
                             0' to 40° C                                                                      POI Yes kg Aircraft ,S--S'": Point of Interest

                                                                                                              Using IOC
                                                                                                              Fnable the IOC leature by tapping - Fnable IOC" in lhe selting page of the DJI Pilot app. Toggle the Flight
                                                                                                              Mode S.vitch to "F' mode and follow the on-screen instruction lo use IOC leature.

                                                                 59 60
INSPIRE 1 ll·.rar Manual                                                                                                             INSPIRE 1 User Manual

 How to Update Firmware                                                                                                             Updating Intelligent Flight 13attery Firmware
                                                                                                                                    The Intelligr)t Finght Battery is upgraded during the aircraft firmware upgrade process. It is recommended
Follow the pr(x:ess descritx:d be,ow to upgrade che aircraft, remote coritroller and battery.                                       lo keep the upgrade package files in your SD card. The upgrade will start automatically after power
                                                                                                                                    cycling theaircraft.
Updating the Aircraft Firmware
Step 1- Check Battery and SD Card Capacdy                                                                                           © Do not perturm firmware update while the aircratt is slill Oyiny in the air. Only carry ou fimrvaare
Ensure the Intelhgent Flight Batlery has at least 50 % power and there is at least 100MB of free space on                                      updatc vM1en the aiaaft is 4vtded.
the SD card.                                                                                                                                   Be sure to update Ihe remote conUoller's f irmNare to lhe latest versien afler you upgrade Ite aircraff's
                                                                                                                                               tmrnvare'
Step 2- Prepare the Firmware Update Package                                                                                                    The remote controller may bc,~corne unlinked Irom the aucraft after updaling. Re-link Ihe remole
                                                                                                                                               controller arxt aircraft.
1. Download the firniware update package from the official DJI website (http //www.dji.corn/producU                                            Conf irm the update results according to lhe gimbal sourxls. It is normal fcc the aircraft to soutd or the
   nspire-1).                                                                                                                                  LED lo blir>k during Ihe update process.
                                                                                                                                               Eitsure tlx;re rs only one firmware package fde stored on your SD card.
2. Insert lt e SD irito your PC. Extract the all do.vriloaded files into Ihe root directory of !he SD card.
   Remove Ihe SD card fran your PC. Ensure Ihe Insp re 1 is powered off then rnsert fhe SD card inlo Ihe                                     · Only storage devices that are fomiatled for FAT32 and exFAT fib syslem are supported lo( alrcraR
   SD card slol on lhe Inspire 1 camera.                                                                                                       ard rernole conlroller f'rrrrnnre updales.

Step 3- Update the Aircrah                                                                                              D                    · Delete any autornatically generated txl files (xx)_GS.TXT) in the SD card when updating nnrltiple
                                                                                                                        no                     rem-)te cxmtrotrrs.
1. Ensure the remote controller is powered off and then power on the aircraft. Upgrade will begin                       >
   autornatically after arrcraft is poweretlon.                                                                             D
                                                                                                                        °   aa
2 It will take approximatety 25 rnnules to complete Ihe firrnware update. The camera wi11 sound a short
   pulse of "D-D-D-D" beeping sound to indcate the upgrade is In progress and sound a`D---DD -                              >FCC Compliance
    beeping sound lo indicate ttie update is complete wilh success.
                                                                                                                            a
3. Check the upgrade status by opening the '.txt" hle that is automatically generated after Ihe update.                             FCC Compliance
   The update is successful it the text "resulP successful" is in the document. Try upgrading the firmware                          This devlcecomplies w th part 15 of Ihe FCC Rules. Operation is subject to the follooving two cmditiens:
   again d lhe texl "result failed" is tound or the gimbal sound a long beep sound.                                                 (1) This devlce rnay nol cause harmful interference. and
                                                                                                                                    (2) This device must accept any interference received, including inler(erence that may cause undesired
Updating the Remote Controller Frmware                                                                                                   operaticn.
Step 1- Check Battery and SD Card Capacity                                                                                          Changes or modilications not expressly roved by the party responsible for compliance could void the
Romote controller hrmware is included n lhe arrcrall f rmware update packaqe. Usc Ihe same update                                   user's authority to operate lhe equipment.
package file that is downloaded from Ihe DJI official website. Fnsure the remae controller battery level is
ab(yve 50%                                                                                                                          Compliance Information

Step 2- Prepare the Firmware Updale Package                                                                                         FCC Wamng Message
1. Extrar·.t all downbaded f iles into the root dircr.tory of an SD card or USB lhumb drive.                                        Any Changes or rnod fications not expressly roved by the party responsible for compliance cou'd void the
2. Insert lhe SD card inlo a SD c.ard reader or lhe USB disk onto the remote controller USB port when                               user's authcrity to operale the equipment.
                                                                                                                                    This device complies with part 15 of the FCC Rules. Operation is sublect to the folloviing Iwo cond10ons:
    remote convdler powered off. It you do not have a SD card reader. you may insert the SD card irito                              (i) This device may nof cause harmful uiterference, and (2) this device muSl accept any interference
    the gmbal and connect the gimbal with remote controller to upgrade the rem,ote controller,                                      received, including interference that niay cause undesired operation.

Step 3- Updale ttte Rernote ControNer                                                                                               FCC Radiation Exposure Statement:
                                                                                                                                   This equipmenl comp6es wilh FCC radiation exposure linids set forth for an unconlrolled environment.
1. Power on the remote controller and wail 60 seconds untrl the upgrade beg ns. Do not power off the                                Ttiis equipment should be installed and operated vnth minimurn distance 20crn between the radiator&
    remote corrlroller during Ihe update.                                                                                           your body. This transmitter must not be co-located or operating in conlunctron wlth any other antenna or
                                                                                                                                   lransmiller.
2. It will take approxirnate!y 10 minutes to complete the lirrnware updale. The camera will sourld a
   beepng sound and the Status LED on the rernote controller shows sohd blue to indicate the update is                              Note. This equipment has been tested and found to comply with the limits for a Clas.s B digital device,
    irr progress. The Status LED on rerrote controller shows solid green and beeping sound will stop if the                         pursuant to part 15 of the FCC Rules. These limits are designed to provide reasonable potectlon against
    upqrade s completed with success. The Status LED on remote controller shows sohd red if upgrade is                              harmful interference in a residential installation. This equipment generates uses and can radiate radio
    failecf iry upgrade again.
                                                                                                                                  62
                                                                                                                    61
                                        INSPIRE 1 User Manual

frequency energy and, il not installed and used tn accordance with the instructions, may cause harmful
interference to radio comrnunications. However, there is no guarantee that interference will rtol occur in
a part cular instalfatlon. If this equlpment does cause hamiful interference to radio or televis+on reception,
whieh can be determmed by lurning the equipmenl off and on, the user is encouraged to lry to correct
ttx: interference by one or more of the following measures:

  Reorient or relocale the receiving antenna.
--Increase thc separation between the equipment and receiver.
--Connect the equiprnent into an aRlet on a circuit different from that to which the receiver Is connected.
--Consult the dealer or an experienced radioliV techrxcian `or help.

IC RSS waming

Ihrs device complies wilh Irxfustry Canada licence·exempt RSS standard (s). Operation is subiecl lo the
fdbwing twcu conditions. (1) this device tnay not cause interference, and (2) this device must accept any
interference, inciLidirKj interference that may cause undesrred operation of the deviee.
Le prAsent arell est conforrne aux CNR d'Industrie Canada licables aux areils radio exempls de I cence.

L'exptatatlon est autonsee aux deux corxiitions sutvantes:                                                      a
(1) I'areil ne doit pas produire de brouillagc, et
(2) I'utilisateur de I'areil doil accepter lout brouillage radiodlectrique subi, meme si le brouillage est      m
susceptible d'en compromettre le lonctionnement. 
                                                                                                                 ~
IC Radiation Exposure Statement:
This equiprnent comphes with IC RF radiation exposure limits set forth for an uncontrolled errvironment.        °
This transmitter must not be co-located or operating in contunction vnth any other antenna or transmitter.
This equipment should be installed and operated with minimuni d stance 20cm between the radiator8
yOUr body.
Any Charxjes or modifications not expressty roved by the party responsible for compliance coukl void the
user's authority to operate the equiprnent.

KCC Warning Message
 allo' r ~i^~dl~ Fg 9
"&Hors--g $ -~JII} ~FM 7fa1aaD ~ °.I$"

NCC Warning Message

1ESJb ~~;~i4m9 7'ilaio r;rJ!Cib'riA
~ +-(~sfS 5?iC'aa13"o~$C(LF~71~918~1~ 161, 3B14a~ o1, 'v`7, tt~~~f~ fFJ*~i15) ~i.°~114@$'S@ ~~ , h!1
t V1*PW ieM;Stetz7ii4R mar o
s~ tf?9f~1fEJh ~A~3~~t.~1~l~~ i°ai~'~Ffl~Gt.sc$J~~l!°~;~ 'wTial r".s ~fl2~ii~1~1~`~d'tB'r, t~.211A ~ 1~.,

                                                                                                                    The content is subject lo change.   Q` 4 ~

                                                                                                                     DownlOatl rhe lalest version from

                                                                                                                    www.dji.com/suppo rtu' i :;'c

                                                                                                                    © 2015 DJI. Af nigMs Roservoo.

                                        .163
                                        ov~ I `                                               OMB Control No. 2120-0042

                                                                                                           Exp. 11/3012014

Paperwork Reduction Act Statement: The informatior collected on this form is necessary to ensure applicant eiigibiiity. The
information is used to determine that the applicant meets the necessary qualifications as owner of an amateur built aircraft. We

estimate that it will take approximately 30 minutes to compiete the form. The information collection is required to obtain a benefit. The
information collected becomes part of the aircraft registration system. Please note that an agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a
person is not required to respond to, a collection of information uniess it dispiays a currently vaiid OMB control number. OMB 2120-
0042. Comments covering the accuracy of this burden and suggestions for reducing the burden shouid be directed to the FAA at 800
Independence Avenue SW, Washington, DC 20591. ATTN: Information Collection Clearance Officer, AES-200.

                      AFFIDAVIT OF ON'\ERSHIP FOR AVIATEI'R-BUILT AND OTHER
                                        10\-TY'PE CERTIFICATED AIRCRAFT
                                                  (does not include light-sport)

U. S. Identification

Name of Amateur / Non TC'd builder DJ I' v

Model Inspire 1               oo Serial Number iNIj ~) C f_) 2 SD3 0°179

Class (airplane, rotorcraft, glider, weight shift  sUAS
control, powered-paracliute, etc.)

Type of Engine lnstalled (reciprocating, turboprop, 2 or 4 cycle, electric, etc.) Eleetric (4)

Manufacturer, Model and Serial Number of each Engine Installed DJ I Inspire 1: S/N NA

Built for Land or Sea Operation Land                           Number of Engines Installed 4
                                                                         Number of Seats 0

MUST CHECK ONE

~ More than 50% of the above-described aircraft was buiit from miscellaneous parts and I am the owner. (This option is for aircraft

       eligible for amateur-buiit certification.)

~ More than 50% of the above-described aircraft was built from a kit (prefabricated parts) and I am the owner. The bill of sale from

       the kit manufacturer is attached. (This option is for aircraft eligibie for amateur-buiit certification.)

~ I certify that the above-described aircraft is a newiy buiit non-type certificated aircraft and is not currently registered in another

       country. (This option is for aircraft eiigibie for experimental certification other than amateur-built.)

~ I certify that the above-described aircraft is a previousiy built (used) non-type certificated aircraft and is not currently registered in

       another country. (This option is for aircraft eligible for experimental certification other than amateur-buiit certification.)

     ~ Evidence of ownership from the aircraft builder tnrough any intervening owners is attached (chain of ownership).
    ~ Unable to obtain complete chain of ownership. Statement as to ownership history and whereabouts of aircraft is attached.

Nan,eofOwner: Lee Lewis Construction, Inc.

Signature of Owner:                                            Title of Signer    Chief Pilot
                                                               (If Appropriate):
Address: 7810 Orlando Ave
City: Lubbock                                      State: TX           zip: 79423
Telephone: 806-535-5400

Notary Public:                                     County of:
State of:
                                                               day of
Subscribed and swom to before tne this
My Conittnission Expires:

(Signature of Notary Public)

AC Form 8050-88 (03/12)
