July 20, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12086
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­0433

Ms. Kelly Neubecker
Consultant
UASolutions Group, Inc.
2518 Auburn Drive
Cocoa, FL 32926

Dear Ms. Neubecker:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated February 17, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA)
on behalf of Leptron Industrial Robotic Helicopters, Inc. (hereinafter petitioner or operator)
for an exemption. The exemption would allow the petitioner to operate an unmanned aircraft
system (UAS) to conduct precision aerial mapping, surveying, and topography recording.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner are the Leptron Avenger and RDASS.

In accordance with the statutory criteria provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in
reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited
operating area associated with the aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation
                                                                                                                 2

has determined that this aircraft meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA
finds that relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts,
Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing
requirements of part 36, is not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

· They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

· The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

· A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Leptron Industrial Robotic Helicopters, Inc. is granted
an exemption from 14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a),
91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and
91.417(a) and (b), to the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform
aerial data collection. This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed
below.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                              3

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Leptron Industrial Robotic Helicopters, Inc. is hereafter referred to
as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the Leptron Avenger
    and RDASS when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed
    operations of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this
    exemption.

2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
    not permitted.

3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
    exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
    compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
    airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
    aircraft manufacturer.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
    electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
    must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
    required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
                                                                                                            4

    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.
                                                                                                            5

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.
                                                                                                            6

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

    The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
    nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
    reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
    contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.
                                                                                                                 7

 If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
 television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                    8

This exemption terminates on July 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.
Sincerely,
/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
Leptron Confidential

                      Leptron Industrial Robotic Helicopters, Inc.
        Petition for Exemption Under Section 333 of the Federal Aviation
   Administration (FAA) Reform Act and Part 11 of Title 14 CFR for Small

                           Unmanned Aircraft Systems (sUAS)

                                         DOT Docket: ____________

Name and Address of Petitioner    Consultant for Petitioner

Leptron Industrial Robotic        UASolutions Group, Inc.
Helicopters, Inc.                 Attn: Kelly Neubecker
Attn: John Oakley                 2518 Auburn Drive
Geotech Environmental Equipment,  Cocoa, FL 32926
Inc.                              kellyneubecker@uasolutionsgroup.com
2650 E. 40th Ave.                 321-261-2547
Denver, CO 80205
john@leptron.com
(303) 320-4764
Leptron Confidential

U. S. Department of Transportation

Docket Operations
1200 New Jersey Ave., SE
Washington, DC 20590

Re: Petition for an Exemption to Conduct Small Unmanned Aircraft Systems (sSUAS)
Operations Allowed by Section 333 of the Federal Aviation Administration Modernization
and Reform Act of 2012 Through the Exemption Process Under 14 C.F.R. Part 11

A. Summary
         Pursuant to Section 333 of the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) Modernization

and Reform Act of 2012 ("FMRA") and 14 C.F.R. Part 11, Leptron Industrial Robotic
Helicopters, Inc. ("Leptron") (hereafter known as the "Petitioner"), seeks exemption from the
following listed Code of Federal Regulations ("CFR") to allow commercial operation of its
Leptron Avenger sSUAS within the National Airspace System (NAS) for controlled, low-risk,
precision aerial mapping, surveying, and topography recording conducted within and under the
conditions outlined herein or as may be established by the FAA, as required by Section 333
requirements.

         As described more fully below, the requested exemption would permit the operation of
the Avenger sUAS by Petitioner under controlled conditions in predetermined airspace that is
1) Limited in scope 2) Controlled as to access by mission essential personnel only and
3) Provides improved safety controls and efficiency to the aerial mapping and surveying industry
presently using conventional aircraft. Approval of this exemption would thereby enhance safety
and fulfill the Secretary of Transportation's (the FAA Administrator's) responsibilities to
"...establish requirements for the safe operation of such aircraft systems in the national airspace
system" as stated within Section 333(c) of the FMRA. In making this determination, the
Secretary is required to determine which types of sUAS do not create a hazard to users of the
NAS or the public or pose a threat to national security in light of the aircraft's size, weight, speed
and operational capability; Operation of the sUAS in close proximity to airports and population
centers; Operation of a sUAS within visual line of sight of the operator.

         Grant of the requested exemption is in the public interest based upon the concise
direction expressed within section 333 of the reform act; the added authority granted by the Act,

                                                           2
Leptron Confidential

as amended; an equivalent level of safety regarding flight operations as expressed herein, and
significant cost savings achieved by transitioning from traditional manned aerial resources to
sUASs. The petitioner respectfully requests that the FAA grant the requested exemption without
delay. Petitioner will operate its Avenger sUAS while keeping the documents required by the
regulations at the ground control station and immediately accessible to the Pilot In Command
(PIC) and by modification of the required markings (registration number) of the sUAS to be
displayed on the fuselage of the unmanned aircraft.

B. Regulations ­ Exemptions Requested

         a. 14 C.F.R. 45.27(a),
         b. 14 C.F.R. 61.113(a) and (b),
         c. 14 C.F.R. 91.7(a),
         d. 14 C.F.R. 91.105,
         e. 14 C.F.R. 91.119(c),
         f. 14 C.F.R. 91.121,
         g. 14 C.F.R. 91.151(b),
         h. 14 C.F.R. 91.405(a),
         i. 14 C.F.R. 91.407(a)(1),
         j. 14 C.F.R. 91.409(a)(1) and (b), and
         k. 14 C.F.R. 91.417(a) and (b).

C. Corporate Background
         Leptron is a 12 year-old UAS developer and manufacturer with a long and well-

recognized history in sUAS aerial imagery and precision photography. Petitioner's products
currently excel in the safe collection of aerial imagery from both manned and unmanned
platforms for the purpose of developing highly accurate aerial maps for various Government
clients utilizing multiple applications. As set forth herein, Petitioner seeks to operate its rotary
wing Avenger commercially for this special purpose of low-risk, precision aerial mapping,
surveying, and topography recording, continuing an established legacy that has always sought the
highest standards of operations and safety.

 D. Airworthiness of the Avenger
         A critical element of consideration for grant of the petition is evidence of an equivalent

 level of safety for airworthiness of the sUAS. The FAA has been authorized to exempt aircraft
 from the requirement for an actual airworthiness certificate in accordance with the statutory
 criteria provided in Section 333 of PL 112-95 in reference to 49 USC 44704, in consideration of
 the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the aircraft and its operation.

                                                          3
Leptron Confidential

 However, Petitioner believes it has achieved compliance with various requirements including
 many specifics included within FAA Order 8130.34 series that ensures the safety of operations.
 The criteria set forth in that order demands that substantive documentation concerning the
 aircraft's safety has been compiled.
 E) Leptron Avenger Summary

         1. LEPTRON AVENGER
         Petitioner seeks an exemption to operate the Leptron Avenger for limited approved
 commercial purposes within the NAS1. The Avenger is a sUAS that is comprised of an airborne
 unmanned aircraft and a transportable ground station. The Avenger has a maximum gross
 takeoff weight of approximately 35 pounds or less, depending upon payload, with a wingspan of
 72.5 inches, a length of 83.93 inches, and a height of 21 inches with standard gear. The
 Avenger is equipped with a single rotor driven by a lithium polymer battery powered 10,000
 Watt electric main motor and a 2,200 watt tail motor.

              Figure 1 depicts the Leptron Avenger with registration number displayed in
                                     accordance with 14 C.F.R. Part 45.

1 Leptron has already reserved one registration number [N822LP], as displayed in Figure 1, and will submit
additional Aircraft Registration Applications as required, upon the grant of the exemptions sought by this petition.

                                                          4
Leptron Confidential

         2. Proven Operational History of the Leptron Avenger in the NAS.
         The Leptron Avenger is acquiring substantial system maturity. It is currently operating
safely within the NAS pursuant to approximately fourteen (14) COAs granted by the FAA to
Arlington Texas Police Department, Central Michigan State University, Texas A&M University
and New Mexico State University.
         Petitioner proposes that requirements should take into account the characteristics of the
particular sUAS. The Avenger is characterized by a high degree of pre-programmed control,
various built-in technical capabilities that limit the potential for operation outside of the
operating conditions as set forth below, and many built-in functional, safety and redundancy
features to ensure a safe and reliable operation.
         In support of these characteristics, and to provide the details for review by the FAA,
Petitioner submits the following documents and manuals as attachments to this exemption
request as a set of Confidential Documents under 14 CFR 11.35(b) as each document and manual
contains proprietary information that the applicant has not and will not share with others. The
documents and manuals contain specifications, operating conditions and procedures,
maintenance procedures and a safety management program that are not available to the public
and are protected from release under the Freedom of Information Act 5 USC 552 et.seq.
         · Leptron Avenger B Flight Operation's Manual (FOM) and Center of Gravity

                  Overview
         · Leptron Standard Operating Procedures (SOP)
         · Leptron Aircrew Training Procedures and Avenger B Training Manual
         · Leptron Inspection and Maintenance Manual
         · Leptron Safety Manual

F. Regulatory Basis for Petition
         Petitioner, pursuant to 14 C.F.R. §§ 11.61(b), 11.81, 2 and the FAA Modernization and

Reform Act of 2012 ("FMRA"), Section 333, Special Rules for Certain Unmanned Aircraft
Systems ("Section 333"), hereby respectfully petitions the Administrator for an exemption from
the requirements of 14 C.F.R. §§, 45.27(a), 61.113(a) and (b), 91.7(a), 91.105, 91.119(c), 91.121,
91.151 (b), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), 91.417(a) and (b).

2 14 C.F.R. § 11.61(b) ("Using a petition for exemption, you may ask FAA to grant you relief from
current regulations in 14 C.F.R."), 14 C.F.R. § 11.81 ("What information must I include in my
petition for an exemption")?

                                                          5
Leptron Confidential

         1. Section 333
         Congress identifies Section 333 of the FMRA, as a pathway for "expedited operational
authorization" of certain sUAS in the NAS. Section 333 (b)(1) ("expedited operational
authorization.").3 Under Section 333 Congress mandates that the FAA "shall determine if certain
unmanned aircraft systems may operate safely in the national airspace system before completion
of the plan and rulemaking required by Section 332 of this Act or the guidance required by
section 334 of this Act" (Section 333(a)) upon consideration of its "size, weight, speed, operational
capability, proximity to airports and populated areas, and operation within visual line of sight."
Section 333(b)(1). If the FAA makes such a determination, the FAA "shall [also] establish
requirements for the safe operation." Section 333(c). The FAA further may find that the sUAS does
not require "airworthiness certification under section 44704 of title 49, United States Code." Section
333(b)(2).
         2. 49 U.S.C. § 44701
         The FAA is further authorized to grant exemptions from its safety regulations and
minimum standards under 49 U.S.C. § 44701 ("Section 44701") "if the Administrator finds
the exemption is in the public interest." Section 44701(f) (authorizing the grant of
exemptions from safety regulations and minimum standards under Section 44701(a) and (b) and
Sections 44702-44716).4
         For the reasons addressed herein, this Petition qualifies for expedited approval of
Petitioner's request for exemption under both Section 333 of the FMRA and 49 U.S.C § 44701.

G. Leptron Avenger Statutory Criteria for Exemption under Section 333
         Given its small size, light weight, slow speed, limited load capacity, superior

operational capabilities, and that the operations will be conducted only during the day, under
visual meteorological conditions ("VMC"), within Visual Line of Sight ("VLOS") of the PIC, with
the assistance of a visual safety observer ("VO"), and confined within the boundaries of a
consenting landowner's property and not in the proximity of airports or populated areas, the

3 See also www.faa.gov/sUAS/legislative_programs/section_333/ (noting that Section 333 grants
the FAA "the statutory flexibility to expedite requirements for the safe operation of certain aircraft
systems in the NAS.").

4 See e.g. 49 USC §44711(a)(1) prohibiting operations without airworthiness certificate; (2)
prohibiting serving as airman without airman's certificate; (5) prohibiting commercial operations in

violation of regulations); 49 USC §44704 (issuance of airworthiness certificate); 14 C.F.R. §91.203

(a)(1) (carry airworthiness certificate)).

                                            6
Leptron Confidential

Avenger is the very category of sUAS that qualifies for expedited approval under Section 333.
         1. Section 333(b)(1) Criteria
                  a. Size
          The Leptron Avenger measures approximately 19.75 inches in height and 58 inches

 wide, with a wingspan of 72.5 inches.
                  b. Weight

          The Leptron Avenger has a maximum gross weight of 35 lbs.
                  c. Speed

          The Leptron Avenger has a maximum autopilot limited speed of approximately 12
 Meters per second (M/S) (24 KTS). However, Petitioner typically operates the aircraft at below
 10 M/S (20 KTS).

                  d. Operational Capability
          The Leptron Avenger was specially designed for high or low altitude surveillance,
 photography, and sensor management. Supported by electric batteries that are rechargeable, the
 Avenger can fly from 20 ­ 60 minutes (*depending upon atmospheric conditions) and carry a
 variety of cameras or sensors. Other Operational metrics of the Avenger are as follows:

Unmanned Aircraft     The Leptron Avenger is a sUAS that is comprised of an unmanned
       System         aircraft (UA) and a transportable ground station.

     Serial No.       LEP 822

Unmanned Aircraft     Rotor Diameter:
    Dimensions        72.25 in.
                      Length: 83.93 in.

                      7
Leptron Confidential

      Engine           Engine (Propulsive Unit)
(Propulsive Unit)
                      The aircraft uses a 10,000 Watts electric main motor and a 2,200 watt
                      tail motor.

                      FAA Motor Type Certificate: None

                      Electric-powered propulsion systems.

                         a. Type of Motor - 395 KV Electric Main, 900 KV Electric tail
                         b. Current draw range ­ Total System current draw cruise = 30

                             Amps and Max total system current draw = 360 Amps
                         c. All electrical demands are derived from the unmanned aircraft's

                             battery system.

                       Make: LEPTRON-AVGR

                       Model: 1000

Fuel Not Applicable.

                             NOTE: The Leptron Avenger sUAS is powered by a lithium
                             polymer rechargeable battery.

Engine (Propulsive Unit) Engine (Propulsive Unit)

Limits                The aircraft uses a 10,000 Watts electric main motor and a 2,200 watt

                      tail motor.

                      FAA Motor Type Certificate: None

                      Electric-powered propulsion systems.

                                                 a. Type of Motor - 395 KV Electric Main, 900

                                                     KV Electric tail
                                                 b. Current draw range ­ Total System current

                                                     draw cruise = 30 Amps and Max total

                                                     system current draw = 360 Amps

                                                 c. All electrical demands are derived from the
                                                     unmanned aircraft's battery system.

Propeller and         Make: LEPTRON-AVGR
  Propeller           Model: 1000
    Limits
                      FAA Propeller Type Certificate: None
                      Propeller Type: 2-blade, hinged (folding), carbon fiber reinforced
                      plastic, fixed pitch, tractor

Battery Command &     Diameter (Nominal): 17.25 in.
        Control
                      Thunder Power Air Vehicle Battery P/N Leptron 6S powers the
                      motor, and battery command and control.

                                           8
Leptron Confidential

Airspeed Limits          Vne (Never Exceed Speed) 12 m/s

                         Vno (Maximum Structural Cruising Speed) 48 knots (25 m/s)

                         Va (Maneuvering Speed) 12 m/s knots (25 m/s)
                         Landing Speed: VTOL ­ Vertical 1.5 M/s

Empty Weight C.G.        3-3.5 inches for or aft of datum
        Range

Datum                    Center of main rotor shaft

   Mean Aerodynamic      NA
      Chord (MAC)
     Leveling Means      Not Applicable.
                         14.52 KG (35 lbs)
   Maximum Weights       4.99 KG (11 lbs)
      Empty Weight
                                 NOTE: Empty Weight Excludes weight of battery and
       Frequencies               payload modules.
                         902-928 MHz (ISM Band)
   Computer Software     2.4 GHz (ISM Band)

     Minimum Crew                NOTE: FCC license is not required to utilize the above
    Number of Seats              frequencies; uplink and downlink are on the 900Mhz band. If
                                 video is utilized, uplink, downlink, and video are all on
      Fuel Capacity              2.4 Ghz.
       Oil Capacity      Avionics embedded processor ­ UTC Aerospace Cloud Cap
Max. Operating Altitude  Technologies
     Control Surface     (1) The Leptron [model] sUAS can be operated by a single operator
       Movements         (0) Not Applicable
                         Not Applicable
  Nominal Endurance      Not Applicable
                         1,000 ft. AGL (304 M)
  Ambient Outside Air
  Temperature (OAT)      MAIN ROTOR ­ VARIABLE PITCH                              +/-5
                         TAIL ROTOR ­ VARIABLE PITCH                              +12/-12°
    Wind Limitation
       Maintenance       30 minutes above 32 °F (0 °C)

                         15 minutes below 32 °F (0 °C)

                         Maximum OAT: 120 °F (49 °C)

                         Minimum OAT At Altitude: 0°F

                         40 MPH

                         This Leptron Avenger must be maintained in accordance with the

                         Leptron Inspection and Maintenance Manual, or later FAA

                         accepted revision.

         e. Proximity to Airports/Population Centers or Areas
Flight operations pursuant to this Petition will be tightly controlled and restricted to

                                                 9
Leptron Confidential

low risk rural areas within Class G airspace at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground
level ("AGL") as indicated in the SOP. All altitudes reported to ATC will be in AGL when
required. Any operations conducted within 5 nautical miles (NM) of the geographic center of a
non-towered airport will obtain a Letter of Agreement with the appropriate airport management
and made available to FAA upon request. In addition, access to any property will be limited to
the persons associated with and necessary for flight operations.

                  f. Visual Line-of-Sight
          The minimum crew for each operation will consist of a PIC and VO. The VO will be
 used as an additional mitigation to satisfy the VLOS requirement, but the PIC will always
 maintain VLOS with the sSUAS. The Leptron Avenger will at all times be flown by Petitioner
 only in the daytime (not at night) under VMC within VLOS of the PIC (typically within a range
 less than 500 feet slant distance) with the further assistance of the VO with whom the PIC will
 have the ability for direct and continuous two-way verbal communications5 so as to ensure that
 the flight operations remain within the PIC's VLOS and prescribed flight boundaries and de-
 conflict with objects in the air and on the ground. Thus, pursuant to the FAA Order 8900.1
 Volume 16, Chapter 1, Section 3, the proposed operations will provide an approved method of
 control and collision avoidance to satisfy the "see and avoid" requirement of
 14 C.F.R. § 91.113:
 Only qualified and current PIC's and VOs, as provided in the SOP will be used.

         2. Other Factors

                  a. Leptron Avenger Safety Systems

         Including as noted above, the Avenger sSUAS is replete with MechaniSafety Operations
Procedures to ensure safe operations and protect persons and property on the ground. In addition
to having an experienced operator/PIC and VO, the Avenger sSUAS has a variety of integrated
safety systems, including:

          Redundant Communications: The Avenger has two (2) simultaneous
             communications links that allow for backup and safe operations. This
             includes a 2.4 GHz wireless hand held radio and a 900 MGhz laptop ground

5 [PIC and VO are within speaking distance and all communications between PIC and VO will be
without communications equipment]

                                                          10
Leptron Confidential

             station link. Both links must be terminated to execute a `Lost
             Communication' return home logic.

          Flight Plan Altitude Constraints: The Avenger has the ability for the
             operators to set Maximum and Minimum flight altitudes for a specific flight
             `corridor' for safe operations.

          Flight Safety Logic: The Avenger has the ability for the operators to set
             safety return logic including: Exceeding a pre-set flight timer, Loss of GPS,
             Loss of Communications, Max and Min Altitude, and Low Voltage. The
             Avenger is also equipped with Geo-fencing logic, capable of restricting it
             within pre-programmable flight boundaries. This may be accomplished by
             setting permanent borders on the ground station or setting additional
             temporary files after the flight has begun. Additional features include
             fencing off buildings, trees, power lines, poles, etc.

          Ground Station Warnings: The Avenger Ground Station has many visual
             operator cues for error conditions such as low Relative Signal Strength
             Indicator (RSSI) strength, low battery, low RPM, low system parameters,
             and many other real time conditions. The system also offers color-coded
             `Dashboard' lights for the operator.

          Double Entry ­ The Avenger Ground Station has double entry response
             window for all in-flight parameter changes. This allows the user to not send
             incorrect information without two verification mouse clicks.

                  b. Safety Management System
         A Safety Management System ("SAFETY OPERATIONS PROCEDURES") will
regulate Petitioner's operation of the Avenger and will significantly contribute to maintaining
the level of safety contemplated by the airworthiness certificate requirements from which
Petitioner now seeks relief.
         Pursuant to the SAFETY OPERATIONS PROCEDURES and 14 C.F.R. § 43.13,
entitled Performance Rules (general), each person performing maintenance, alteration, or
preventive maintenance on the Avenger, motor, propeller, or appliance shall use the methods,
techniques, and practices prescribed in the current manufacturer's Inspection and Maintenance

                                                          11
Leptron Confidential

Manual or Instructions for Continued Airworthiness prepared by its manufacturer, or other
methods, techniques, and practices acceptable to the Administrator. Each person shall use the
tools, equipment, and test apparatus necessary to assure completion of the work in accordance
with accepted industry practices.

                  c. Flight Operation Limitations and Safety
         To ensure consistent safety operations, Petitioner has developed a detailed Flight
Operations Manual (FOM) for the Leptron Avenger sSUAS based on extensive use and
experience, procedures and notices provided by Leptron, and guidance the FAA has provided
to obtain exemption under Section 333, (submitted on a proprietary and confidential basis to
the FAA).
        In seeking this exemption, Petitioner proposes to operate the Avenger pursuant to the
following specific operating limitations, as also addressed in the SOP:
        1. Flight operations are permitted only in Class G Airspace.
        2. The Avenger shall only be operated at or below 400 ft AGL.
        3. The Avenger shall be operated within VLOS of the PIC and safety VO.
        4. The Avenger shall be operated pursuant to Day Visual Flight Rules (VFR) in visual

                 meteorological conditions (VMC). The Avenger shall be operated only during
                 daylight hours (i.e. between the end of morning civil twilight and the beginning of
                 evening civil twilight, as published in the American Air Almanac, converted to
                 local time).
        5. The Avenger shall operate from on-site takeoff/landing locations directly next to
                 the PIC and co-located VO. The PIC and the VO shall be able to verbally
                 communicate during all operations.
        6. Operations shall be conducted by certificated airmen who possess a minimum
                 of a Private Pilot's Certificate and a valid third class medical certificate, as
                 well as completed training, checking, currency, and recency of experience.
        7. The PIC requirements will include the following:

                           a. FAA licensed airman possess a minimum of a Private Pilot's Certificate and
                           a valid third class medical certificate.
                           b. The PIC shall have accumulated and logged (in a manner consistent with 14
                           C.F.R. § 61.51(b)) a minimum of 50 flight cycles and 12 hours of total time as
                           a sUAS rotorcraft pilot and at least ten hours as a sUAS pilot with a similar
                           sUAS type (dual-rotor), such log of which shall be made available to the
                           Administrator upon request.

                                                          12
Leptron Confidential

                           c. The PIC shall have accumulated and logged (in a manner consistent with 14
                           C.F.R. § 61.51(b)) a minimum of five flight hours as a sUAS pilot operating
                           the make and model of sUAS to be used for operations under the exemption
                           (e.g. Leptron Avenger) and three take-offs and three landings in the
                           preceding 90 days, such log of which shall be made available to the
                           Administrator upon request.
                           d. Have successfully completed the qualification process as specified in the
                           SOP to include a knowledge and skill test in accordance with the Aircrew
                           Training Manual.
                           e. Meet flight review requirements as specified in 14 CFR §61.56 in an
                           aircraft in which the PIC is rated on their pilot certificate.
        8. The PIC and VO will have been trained in the operation of sUAS generally and
                 received up-to-date information on Avenger operations.
        9. The VO will hold at least a third class medical and will have training to
                 communicate to the PIC any instructions necessary for safe operations.
        10. If a pilot certificate holder other than the PIC, who possesses the necessary PIC
                 qualifications, is also present during flight operations, that person can also be
                 designated as PIC and will follow the procedures as defined within the FOM to
                 assume control.
        11. A briefing will be conducted in regard to the planned operations prior to each
                 flight as detailed within the SOP. It will be mandatory that all personnel who are
                 performing duties within the boundaries of the flight operations safety perimeter
                 be present for the briefing.
        12. The Avenger will only operate within a confined geographic area as defined in
                 the subsequent COA.
        13. At least three (3) days before scheduled operations, operator shall submit a written
                 Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards District Office (FSDO) with
                 jurisdiction over the area of proposed operations, such submission of which may
                 be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. If required by the FSDO to be
                 submitted, the Plan of Activities shall include: dates and times for all flights;
                 operator's and on-scene flight operator's name and phone number; sUAS make,
                 model and serial or N-number; PIC's name and certificate number; statement that
                 the operator has obtained permission from property owners and/or local officials to
                 conduct the operations (such list of those who gave permission to be made
                 available upon request); description of the planned flight activity, including, as

                                                          13
Leptron Confidential

applicable, maps or diagrams of the area, city, town, county and/or state over

which the operation will be conducted, and the altitudes essential to accomplish

the operation; signature of the exemption holder or representative.

14. Petitioner will obtain an Air Traffic Organization (ATO) issued COA prior to

conducting any actual flight operations.

15. Petitioner will file a NOTAM for each flight no more than 72 hours but no less

than 48 hours prior to each flight with the appropriate FSDO.

16. Any operations that will be conducted within 5 nautical miles (NM) of the

geographic center of a non-towered airport will obtain a Letter of Agreement

with the appropriate airport management and made available to FAA upon

request.

17. Prior to flight operations, Petitioner shall coordinate 1 hour ahead of the proposed

flight a communication with the nearest local Air Traffic Control facility

indicating location, altitude and duration of the proposed flight.

18. All required permissions and permits will be obtained from territorial, state,

county or city jurisdictions, including local law enforcement, fire, or other

appropriate governmental agencies at least 12 hours in advance of any flight

operation.

19. The Avenger shall be marked with an identification (N-Number) in accordance

with 14 C.F.R. § 45.23, such markings to be as large as practicable pursuant to 14

C.F.R. § 45.29(f), and identified by a serial number registered in accordance with

14 C.F.R. Part 47.

20. All flights will remain clear and yield the right of way to all other manned

operations and activities at all times, including, but not limited to: ultralight

vehicles, parachute activities, parasailing activities, hang gliders, etc.

21. Flights will not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet

horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the

PIC.

22. For the proposed flight operation, only one Avenger shall be airborne at any

given time.

23. The Avenger shall only be operated at or below an airspeed of 12 Meters Per

Second (24kts).

                      14
Leptron Confidential

        24. Prior to performing any flight operations, the PIC and VO shall have
                 successfully completed a qualifying process, as provided in the FOM and SOP.

        25. Any time the UA is operating, all documents required under 14 C.F.R. § 91.9
                 and § 91.203 shall be available to the PIC at the GCS. Such documents shall be
                 made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon
                 request.

        26. The UA shall not be operated directly over any person, except authorized and
                 consenting personnel required for flight/imaging operations,

        27. Prior to performing any flight operations, a pre-flight checklist will be used by a
                 qualified PIC as provided in the SOP. Documentation of such pre-flight check
                 shall be made in the aircraft records and such records shall be made available to
                 the Administrator upon request.

        28. The radio frequency spectrum used for operation and control of the UA shall
                 comply with the requirements of the SOP. The Avenger shall at all times be
                 operated to ensure a safe distance away from all participating and non-
                 participating personnel, at least 500 feet away from persons not involved in the
                 flight operations (non-participating persons). This distance may be reduced to no
                 less than 200 feet if it would not adversely affect safety and such person provides
                 his/her prior consent.

        29. Other than for takeoff and landing, the UA shall be operated at least 100 feet
                 away from persons involved in the flight operations (participating persons), such
                 participating persons shall at all times be essential to the flight operations and
                 have provided prior written consent to their participation in such operations.

        30. The flight will be terminated at 20% battery power reserve or 12 minutes,
                 whichever occurs first.

        31. Prior to each flight, the PIC shall inspect the Avenger, including any inoperable
                 components, items or equipment, to ensure it is in an airworthy condition for
                 safe flight. If the inspection reveals a condition that affects flight readiness or
                 safe operations, the Avenger shall not be operated until the necessary
                 maintenance has been performed and it is found to be in a condition for safe
                 flight. Any discrepancies and all maintenance or alterations shall be
                 documented in the aircraft records, such records to be made available to the
                                                          15
Leptron Confidential

                 Administrator upon request.
        32. Except as may be designated otherwise for Fail-Safe operations, the Avenger

                 shall take off and land at a location within the boundaries of the subject property
                 next to the PIC.
        33. Upon loss of communication or GPS signal, the Avenger shall return to a
                 predetermined location within the boundaries of the landowner's property and
                 land or be recovered in accordance with the FOM.
        34. In the event of an emergency or unanticipated obstacle to planned operations,
                 the operation shall be aborted and the Avenger, if airborne, shall return to a
                 predetermined location.
        35. The Avenger shall be maintained in accordance with the manufacturer's
                 Maintenance Manual, including any amendments or updates thereto. All
                 amendments or updates shall be tracked and a record of such amendments or
                 updates shall be maintained and made available to the Administrator upon
                 request.
        36. All maintenance to be performed on the Avenger shall be performed by a
                 technician qualified pursuant to the criteria provided in the Maintenance
                 Manual.
        37. The operator shall follow the manufacturer's aircraft/component, maintenance,
                 overhaul, replacement, inspection and life limit requirements, as provided in the
                 Inspection and Maintenance Manual. Any incident, accident or flight operation
                 that transgresses the lateral or vertical boundaries of the operational area as
                 defined by the applicable COA shall be reported to the FAA's UAS Integration
                 Office within 24 hours. Accidents shall also be reported to the National
                 Transportation Safety Board (NTSB). Further flight operations shall not be
                 conducted until the incident, accident or transgression is reviewed by the UAS
                 Integration Office and authorization to resume operations is provided.
                  c. Privacy
        Petitioner will comply with all federal, state, and/or local privacy regulations that may
apply in the areas in which Petitioner will operate the Avenger pursuant to this Petition. Further,
Petitioner's policy is to avoid operations that might invade personal privacy in accordance
with Petitioner's privacy policy available to the administrator upon request.

                                                          16
Leptron Confidential

                 d. Physical Security
        In order to ensure its safe and proper use, Petitioner will be the only operator of the
Avenger and the Avenger will at all times remain in Petitioner's custody.
         3. History of Safe Operations Flying the Leptron Avenger
Arlington Texas Police Department. The Leptron Avenger has been operated successfully in
Class B airspace with the Arlington Police Department. Petitioner's flight team has used the
equipment in both urban and residential areas. Petitioner also has other COA's with Central
Michigan University, Texas A&M University, and the US Department of Agriculture.
Additionally the Avenger has been given a US Army AWR under the US Army AED process.
        4. Lack of Threat to the NAS, Public, or National Security
         For the reasons previously addressed, including meeting Section 333(b)(1) criteria,
Petitioner's established record of safety and the small size of the sUAS involved and the
controlled sterile area within which they will operate, Petitioner falls squarely within that zone
of safety (an equivalent level of safety) in which Congress envisioned that the FAA must, by
exemption, allow commercial operations of sUASs to commence immediately. Petitioner has
previously demonstrated that the Leptron Avenger sUAS will be operated safely in the NAS
without creating a hazard to other aircraft or persons or property on the ground or pose a threat to
national security. Further, given its small size and limit load capacity, the Avenger sUAS is
incapable of carrying any substantial external load, including explosive materials or flammable
liquids.
         For all of these reasons, Petitioner's proposed operations using the Leptron Avenger qualify
for expedited approval of the sought exemption pursuant to Section 333 for the specified uses
and under the proposed operating requirements and restrictions.
H. Public Interest Benefits
Granting Petitioner's request for exemption would benefit the public and have no adverse effect
on safety for the following reasons.

                  1. Public Interest Generally
         The Leptron Avenger is a battery powered sUAS that serves as a safer, more efficient, and
economical alternative to larger and heavier manned aircraft carrying flammable liquid fuels,
traditionally use for aerial surveying. This will provide for an added superior level of safety to
persons and property in the air and on the ground than that provided by manned aircraft
performing the same operations. No pilot or crew need be airborne and granting the exemption

                                                          17
Leptron Confidential

would also decrease the number of manned aircraft in the NAS and, as a result, reduce
congestion as well as the environmental impact of such operations. Using the Avenger also
provides the benefit of greater operational flexibility and reduced cost when compared to manned
aircraft.

                  (a) Increased Aircrew Safety and Reduced Risk to Persons/Property On Ground
         Because the Avenger is unmanned, the proposed operations eliminate the risk to pilot and
crew associated with flying such aerial-surveying missions in confined airspace at low altitude.
Further, given its small size and weight and low airspeed, using the Avenger also reduces the risk of
damage or injury to persons or property on the ground, and in the air, were there to be an unforeseen
mishap.

                  (b) Reduced Environmental Impact
         Using the Leptron Avenger sUAS instead of manned aircraft also benefits the public by
eliminating or greatly reducing air and noise pollution associated with traditional aerial surveying
operations. Because it is battery powered and uses electric motors, the Avenger sUAS consumes
no fuel, generates no air pollution, and creates very little noise. As a result, the public is benefited as
a result of reduced environmental impact, reduced operator and other human exposure, and
greater fuel conservation, which serves additionally to support our Government's specific efforts
to reduce the U.S.'s carbon footprint.6

                  (c) Fewer Manned Aircraft in the NAS and Reduced Need for ATC Handling
         The Leptron Avenger also does not require a runway or helipad to takeoff or land and will
not be operated within the close proximity of any airports without prior FAA approval. As such,
fewer aircraft will need to be handled by air traffic control during ground, takeoff, departure,
arrival, and landing phases. Operations pursuant to this Petition will further reduce the number
of manned aircraft flying or transiting at or above 500' AGL to and from the areas of surveying
operations as well as congestion around airports due to aircraft arrival and departure.

                  (d) Superior Aerial Imagery and Increased Benefit to U.S. Economy
         Better aerial footage can also be obtained using the small and nimble Avenger than can be
obtained using manned aircraft or other ground-based methods. Due to its small size and superior
flight performance characteristics, the Avenger allows for images to be taken from certain locations
and angles and with better precision than using manned aircraft. As a result, less time is needed in

6 Reducing the U.S.'s carbon footprint is a high priority and consistent with the U.S. Environmental
Protection Agency's regulatory efforts to phase out the use of fossil fuels.

                                                          18
Leptron Confidential

the air to obtain the desired footage, which in addition to providing the benefit of fewer aircraft in the
NAS and associated reduced risk to objects and persons and property in the air and on the ground,
reduced noise, etc., allows for the production of surveys, which benefits consumers. This
additionally ensures that companies such as Leptron and its customers remain competitive and
profitable, thereby providing their employees greater job stability, which ultimately contributes
further to the U.S. economy through increased consumer spending.

                  (e) Increased Operational Flexibility and Reduced Cost
         Using the Leptron Avenger also provides the benefit of greater operational flexibility and
reduced cost when compared to manned aircraft. Instead of each time having to hire a manned
aircraft at thousands of dollars/hour, subject to the pilot's schedule and availability, Petitioner
can operate the Avenger, which it has purchased and outfitted at lower combined cost, innumerable
times and at the convenience of Petitioner's and its customer's schedules.
         2. No Adverse Safety Effects
         Granting this Petition will also not adversely affect aviation safety or pose any undue
risks to the public. The operations pursuant to this Petition will be in accordance with
Petitioner's internal safety Manuals, including approved processes and checklists and in
compliance with all applicable FAA safety policies and guidance. Accordingly, and as
detailed herein, granting the requested exemption would not adversely affect safety. Indeed, as
detailed below, operations pursuant to the limitations and guidelines addressed herein and the
safety procedures, Petitioner will provide an equivalent level of safety to those regulations
from which Petitioner seeks exemption. The FAA has also recently set precedence by granting
exemptions with similar aerial imaging and filming parameters in all material respects, to those
presented herein ( e . g. Exemption Nos. 11062 (Astraeus Aerial), 11063 (Snaproll Media
LLC), 11064 (RC Pro Productions Consulting, dba Vortex Aerial), 11065 (HeliVideo
Productions, LLC), 11066 (Aerial MOB, LLC) and 11067 (Pictorvision Inc.).
         For these reasons Leptron's operations pursuant to this Petition also qualify for an
exemption.
I. Exemptions Sought By Petitioner and Reasons For The Requested Relief
         Pursuant to Section 333, Petitioner seeks an exemption from the requirements of 14
C.F.R. §§ 45.27(a), 61.113(a) and (b), 91.7(a), 91.105, 91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(b), 91.405(a),
91.407(a)(1) and (2), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), 91.417(a) and (b).
         1. Section 45.27(a). Location of marks; non fixed-wing aircraft.

                                                          19
Leptron Confidential

          Section 45.27, entitled Location of marks; nonfixed-wing aircraft, subsection (a) states
 (emphasis added):

          (a) Rotorcraft. Each operator of a rotorcraft must display on that rotorcraft
          horizontally on both surfaces of the cabin, fuselage, boom, or tail the marks
          required by § 45.23.
         To the extent subsection 45.27(a) may be deemed to apply to the Avenger sUAS,
Petitioner seeks an exemption from the subsection (i.e., that the marks be displayed on both
surfaces of the cabin, fuselage, boom, or tail) because the Avenger sUAS is of insufficient size
to accommodate any such marking. Thus marking the Avenger sUAS as required by this
subsection would not be possible.
          An equivalent level of safety can be provided instead by marking the Avenger sUAS, as
 may be applicable, with lettering as large as practicable (14 C.F.R. § 45.29(f)) on its largest
 available surface so as to permit such marking to be displayed to pilot, crew, and others both
 when the Avenger sUAS is on the ground and airborne (see Figure 1).
          2. Section 61.113(a) and (b). Private pilot privileges and limitations: Pilot in

                  command.
         Petitioner seeks an exemption from 14 C.F.R. 61.113(a) and (b). Section 61.113, entitled
Private pilot privileges and limitations: Pilot in command, subsections (a) and (b) state
(emphasis added):
         (a) Except as provided in paragraphs (b) through (h) of this section, no person who
         holds a private pilot certificate may act as pilot in command of an aircraft that is
         carrying passengers or property for compensation or hire; nor may that person,
         for compensation or hire, act as pilot in command of an aircraft.

         (b) A private pilot may, for compensation or hire, act as pilot in command of an
         aircraft in connection with any business or employment if:

                  (1) The flight is only incidental to that business or employment; and
                  (2) The aircraft does not carry passengers or property for compensation or
                  hire.
         In general, subsections 61.113 (a) and (b) prohibit a private pilot from conducting
commercial operations. Petitioner seeks exemption from the subsections because the sUAS will
not carry a pilot, passengers or property (other than a camera). As addressed, the Leptron
Avenger is a very light, remotely controlled sUAS with no persons or property on board. The

                                                          20
Leptron Confidential

area of operations is generally remote or sparsely populated. Each flight is planned and fully
coordinated in advance in accordance with those procedures provided in the Safety Manual and
SOP. Thus the risk associated with the proposed operations is so diminished from that
associated with commercial operations contemplated by Part 61, that allowing a P I C having a
private pilot certificate, rather than a commercial certificate, met the minimum flight hour and
qualification criteria, and operating according to the limitations and guidelines provided herein,
provides a level of safety that exceeds that provided by a pilot having a commercial certificate
operating a conventional aircraft as required under the regulations.

         T he FAA has already set precedence by previously granted exemptions in circumstances
similar, in all material respects, to those presented herein.

          3. Section 91.7(a). Civil Aircraft Airworthiness.

         Either finding that Petitioner meets the Section 333 criteria or exemption from the
airworthiness certification requirement under 14 C.F.R. Part 21 renders subsection 91.7(a)
inapplicable.

         Section 91.7, entitled Civil aircraft airworthiness, subsection (a) states (emphasis added):
"No person may operate a civil aircraft unless it is in an airworthy condition." There is no FAA
standard by which such a determination of airworthiness can be made. Nonetheless, given the
limitations and procedures, as contained herein, the Safety Procedures contained within the
SOP, the FOM and the Maintenance Manual, for maintaining the aircraft and checking it before
each flight to ensure that it is in peak operational condition, an equivalent level of safety will be
provided.

          3. Section 91.105. Flight crewmembers at stations.
         Petitioner seeks an exemption from 14 C.F.R. 91.105. Section 91.105, entitled Flight
crewmembers at stations, states (emphasis added):
         (a) During takeoff and landing, and while en route, each required flight
         crewmember shall--

                  (1) Be at the crewmember station unless the absence is necessary to
                  perform duties in connection with the operation of the aircraft or in
                  connection with physiological needs; and
                  (2) Keep the safety belt fastened while at the crewmember station.

                                                          21
Leptron Confidential

         (b) Each required flight crewmember of a U.S.-registered civil aircraft shall,
         during takeoff and landing, keep his or her shoulder harness fastened while at his
         or her assigned duty station. This paragraph does not apply if--

                  (1) The seat at the crewmember's station is not equipped with a shoulder
                  harness; or,
                  (2) The crewmember would be unable to perform required duties with the
                  shoulder harness fastened.

         In general, Section 91.105 requires pilot and crew to be at their duty stations and
harnessed during flight. Petitioner seeks exemption from the Section 91.105 because the Avenger
sUAS is by definition an unmanned aircraft, having neither pilot nor crew so as to be stationed or
harnessed as required by the regulation. An equivalent or even higher level of safety can be
provided instead by using an unmanned aircraft controlled by a PIC who at all times is located at
and controls the sUAS from the GCS.

         4. Section 91.119(c). Minimum safe altitudes.
         Petitioner seeks an exemption from 14 C.F.R. 91.119(c). Section 91.119, entitled Minimum
safe altitudes: General, subsection (d) states (emphasis added):
         Except when necessary for takeoff or landing, no person may operate an aircraft
         below the following altitudes:

         (c) Over other than congested areas. An altitude of 500 feet above the surface,
         except over open water or sparsely populated areas. In those cases, the aircraft
         may not be operated closer than 500 feet to any person, vessel, vehicle, or
         structure.

         Section 91.119(c) establishes safe altitudes for operation of civil aircraft over other than
congested areas. Petitioner seeks exemption from subsection 91.119(c) because, pursuant to this
Petition, the Avenger sUAS will at times be operated at or below 400 feet AGL.

         An equivalent or even higher level of safety can be provided instead by, as provided
herein, operating so as to de-conflict with manned vehicles operating above 500 feet AGL, within
the VLOS of the PIC with the assistance of a VO so as to ensure the safety of and de-confliction
with any persons or property in the air and on the ground, including participating and non-
participating personnel, 100 feet and 500 feet, respectively, away from who the UA would
generally be restricted. Further the Avenger sUAS flight operations will be monitored at all

                                                          22
Leptron Confidential

times by both the PIC and VO and will be in compliance with local public safety requirements,
so as to prevent access to the restricted areas of operation.

         The FAA has set precedence by previously granted exemptions in circumstances similar,
in all material respects, to those presented herein.

         5. Section 91.121. Altimeter settings.
         Petitioner seeks an exemption from 14 C.F.R. 91.121. Section 91.121, entitled Altimeter
settings, requires each person operating an aircraft to maintain cruising altitude by reference to
an altimeter that is set "...to the elevation of the departure airport or an appropriate altimeter
setting available before departure." Petitioner seeks exemption from Section 91.121 because the
Avenger sUAS does not use or have on board a typical barometric altimeter as contemplated by
the regulation. Instead, the Avenger sUAS has a laser altimeter to maintain altitude.

         Note: An equivalent level of safety will be provided instead, by operating the sUAS at
or below 400 feet AGL, within the VLOS of the PIC (with the assistance of a VO), with laser
altimeter information downlinked from the SUAS to the PIC to maintain altitude and ensure
safety. Prior to each flight, a zero altitude/AGL will be established at the launch site, as
confirmed for accuracy by the PIC.

         6. Section 91.151(b). Fuel requirements for flight in VFR conditions.
         Petitioner seeks an exemption from 14 C.F.R. 91.151(b). Section 91.151(b), entitled Fuel
requirements for flight in VFR conditions, states (emphasis added):
         (b) No person may begin a flight in a rotorcraft under VFR conditions unless
         (considering wind and forecast weather conditions) there is enough fuel to fly to
         the first point of intended landing and, assuming normal cruising speed, to fly
         after that for at least 20 minutes.

         The Leptron Avenger is an unmanned aircraft, and thus would not begin a flight with a
person in it as the regulation contemplates. To the extent the regulation applies to the Avenger,
the Avenger has a maximum flight duration of 60 minutes, depending upon atmospheric
conditions and type of camera or sensor.

         An equivalent level of safety can be achieved by terminating the flight at 20% battery
power reserve or 12 minutes whichever occurs first, as provided in the FOM. Given that the
Avenger will be operated within the VLOS of the PIC, within the confines of the particular
landowner's property with prior written consent of the landowner and participating and non-

                                                          23
Leptron Confidential

participating personnel, this restriction would provide more than enough battery reserve to
accommodate a safe return to the landing zone from anywhere in the operating area with no
adverse effect on the safety of persons and property in the air or on the ground.

         The FAA has set precedence by previously granted exemptions in circumstances similar,
in all material respects, to those presented herein.

         7. Sections 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(2), 91.417(a) and (b). Maintenance
                  inspections and recording.

Section 91.405(a), entitled Maintenance required, states:
         Each owner or operator of an aircraft--
         (a) Shall have that aircraft inspected as prescribed in subpart E of this part and
         shall between required inspections, except as provided in paragraph (c) of this
         section, have discrepancies repaired as prescribed in part 43 of this chapter;

Section 91.407(a)(1), entitled Operation after maintenance, preventive maintenance, rebuilding,
or alteration, states:

         (a) No person may operate any aircraft that has undergone maintenance,
         preventive maintenance, rebuilding, or alteration unless--

                  (1) It has been approved for return to service by a person authorized under
                  § 43.7 of this chapter;

Section 91.409 (a)(2), entitled Inspections, states:
         (a) Except as provided in paragraph (c) of this section, no person may operate an
         aircraft unless, within the preceding 12 calendar months, it has had--
                  (1) An annual inspection in accordance with part 43 of this chapter and
                  has been approved for return to service by a person authorized by § 43.7
                  of this chapter; or
                  (2) An inspection for the issuance of an airworthiness certificate in
                  accordance with part 21 of this chapter.

         No inspection performed under paragraph (b) of this section may be substituted
         for any inspection required by this paragraph unless it is performed by a person
         authorized to perform annual inspections and is entered as an "annual" inspection
         in the required maintenance records.

                                                          24
Leptron Confidential

Section 91.417(a) and (b), entitled Maintenance records, state:
         (a) Except for work performed in accordance with §§ 91.411 and 91.413, each
         registered owner or operator shall keep the following records for the periods
         specified in paragraph (b) of this section:
         (1) Records of the maintenance, preventive maintenance, and alteration and
         records of the 100-hour, annual, progressive, and other required or approved
         inspections, as appropriate, for each aircraft (including the airframe) and each
         engine, propeller, rotor, and appliance of an aircraft. The records must include--

                  (i) A description (or reference to data acceptable to the Administrator) of
                  the work performed; and
                  (ii) The date of completion of the work performed; and
                  (iii) The signature, and certificate number of the person approving the
                  aircraft for return to service.

         (2) Records containing the following information:
                  (i) The total time in service of the airframe, each engine, each propeller,
                  and each rotor.
                  (ii) The current status of life-limited parts of each airframe, engine,
                  propeller, rotor, and appliance.
                  (iii) The time since last overhaul of all items installed on the aircraft which
                  are required to be overhauled on a specified time basis.
                  (iv) The current inspection status of the aircraft, including the time since
                  the last inspection required by the inspection program under which the
                  aircraft and its appliances are maintained.
                  (v) The current status of applicable airworthiness directives (AD) and
                  safety directives including, for each, the method of compliance, the AD or
                  safety directive number and revision date. If the AD or safety directive
                  involves recurring action, the time and date when the next action is
                  required.
                  (vi) Copies of the forms prescribed by § 43.9(d) of this chapter for each
                  major alteration to the airframe and currently installed engines, rotors,
                  propellers, and appliances.

                                                          25
Leptron Confidential

         (b) The owner or operator shall retain the following records for the periods
         prescribed:
         (1) The records specified in paragraph (a)(1) of this section shall be retained until
         the work is repeated or superseded by other work or for 1 year after the work is
         performed.
         (2) The records specified in paragraph (a)(2) of this section shall be retained and
         transferred with the aircraft at the time the aircraft is sold.
         (3) A list of defects furnished to a registered owner or operator under § 43.11 of
         this chapter shall be retained until the defects are repaired and the aircraft is
         approved for return to service.

         In general, these regulations require that an airworthy certificated aircraft be inspected as
prescribed in 14 C.F.R. Part 91, Subpart E (Maintenance, Preventive Maintenance, and
Alterations), any discrepancies be repaired and the aircraft be approved for return to service as
prescribed in Part 43 (Maintenance, Preventive Maintenance, Rebuilding, and Alterations) and
that any work on the aircraft be recorded and such records maintained.

         Petitioner seeks an exemption because, as addressed, the Leptron Avenger sUAS will
operate pursuant to this Petition without airworthiness certification. An equivalent level of
safety can be provided instead by requiring, as provided herein, that inspections and
maintenance be accomplished according to the inspection, maintenance, and preflight sections of
the Maintenance Manual, FOM, and SOP. As provided in the FOM and SOP, among other
things, the sUAS will be inspected prior to each flight to confirm that it is in good working
order. Any maintenance or repairs will be perform and logged, and, upon any work being
performed on the sUAS, the sUAS will be checked and approved for flight by personnel before
being returned to service.

         T he FAA has set precedence by previously granted exemptions in circumstances similar,
in all material respects, to those presented herein.
J. Conclusion

          As set forth in the document above, the following summary is provided for publication
 in the Federal Register. Petitioner seeks an exemption pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA
 Modernization and Reform Act of 2012, and 14 C.F.R. Part 11 to permit safe operation of the
 Leptron Avenger sUAS commercially, for the purposes of aerial imagery and precision photography

                                                          26
Leptron Confidential

 relating to aerial mapping, surveying, and topography recording. By granting this Petition, the FAA
 Administrator will be fulfilling the Congressional mandate of Section 333 of the FAA
 Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 to expedite approval of operations of certain sUAS in
 the NAS, while also advancing the interests of the public.

          WHEREFORE, in accordance with the Title 49 of the United States Code, the Code of
 Federal Regulations, and the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012, Section 333,
 Petitioner respectfully requests that the Administrator grant this Petition for an exemption from
 the requirements of 14 C.F.R. §§ 45.27(a), 61.113(a) and (b), 91.7(a), 91.105, 91.119(c), 91.121,
 91.151(b), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (b), and 91.417(a) and (b).

Dated:                   ,
Respectfully submitted,

                            27
