May 11, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 11535
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­0396

Mr. Robert Patton
Littlebirds VIEW
5549 Old Plank Road
Iron Station, NC 28080

Dear Mr. Patton:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

The Basis for Our Decision

By letter dated February 12, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA)
on behalf of Littlebirds VIEW (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption. The
petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct aerial
acquisitions of imagery in support of construction progress, production, and forestry survey.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner are the Littlebirds VIEW X-10 and a DJI Inspire 1.
                                                                                                                 2

In accordance with the statutory criteria provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in
reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited
operating area associated with the aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation
has determined that this aircraft meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA
finds that relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts,
Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing
requirements of part 36, is not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Littlebirds VIEW is granted an exemption from
14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c),
91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to
the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Littlebirds VIEW is hereafter referred to as the operator.
                                                                                                                 3

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the Littlebirds VIEW
         X-10 and DJI Inspire 1 when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload.
         Proposed operations of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to
         amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
         must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
         documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
         Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
         limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
         the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
         Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
         documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
         operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
                                                                                                            4

    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
                                                                                                            5

    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.
                                                                                                               6

   23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
       any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
       PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
       These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
       official upon request.

   24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
       activities at all times.

   25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

   26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
       persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
          a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
             from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
             that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
             where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
             the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
             of nonparticipating persons; and
          b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
             for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
             the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
             present an undue hazard.

       The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
       nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

   27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
       permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
       Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
       obtained for each flight to be conducted.

   28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
       boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
       to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
       reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
       contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

   29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
       as documented in this grant of exemption.
                                                                                                                 7

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.

This exemption terminates on May 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service
          UNITED STATES OF AMERICA DEPARTMENT OF
   TRANSPORTATION FEDERAL AVIATION ADMINISTRATION

                               WASHINGTON, DC
Regulatory Docket No. _______________
IN THE MATTER OF THE PETITION FOR EXEMPTION OF:
LITTLEBIRDS VIEW FOR AN EXEMPTION SEEKING RELIEF
FROM THE REQUIREMENTS OF TITLE 14 OF THE CODE OF
FEDERAL REGULATION SECTIONS 91.7(a), 91.121, 91.151(b),
91.203(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), AND
91.417(a) & (b) CONCERNING COMMERCIAL OPERATION OF
THE X-10 AND INSPIRE 1 UNMANNED AIRCRAFT SYSTEM
PURSUANT TO SECTION 333 OF THE FAA MODERNIZATION
AND REFORM ACT OF 2012

Submitted by;
Robert Patton
5549 Old Plank Rd. Iron Station, NC 28080

Submitted on February 12, 2015

                                                          2
                                   CONTENTS

                                                                                                           Page

SUMMARY .........................................................................................4
INTRODUCTION AND INTERESTS OF PETITIONER ..................4
BACKGROUND ..................................................................................5
BASIS FOR PETITION .......................................................................6
NAME AND ADDRESS OF PETITIONER........................................8
THE SPECIFIC SECTIONS OF 14 C.F.R. FROM WHICH
LITTLEBIRDS VIEW SEEKS EXEMPTION ....................................8
THE EXTENT OF RELIEF LITTLEBIRDS VIEW SEEKS AND THE
REASON LITTLEBIRDS VIEW SEEKS THE RELIEF ...................13
THE REASONS WHY GRANTING LITTLEBIRDS VIEW'S
REQUEST WOULD BE IN THE PUBLIC INTEREST ...................15
THE REASONS WHY GRANTING THE EXEMPTION WOULD
NOT ADVERSELY AFFECT SAFETY ............................................29
SUMMARY THAT CAN BE PUBLISHED IN THE FEDERAL
REGISTER..........................................................................................34
ANY ADDITIONAL INFORMATION, VIEWS, OR ARGUMENTS
AVAILABLE TO SUPPORT LITTLEBIRDS VIEW'S REQUEST...34
CONCLUSION...................................................................................35

                                                          3
                                    SUMMARY
Littlebirds VIEW seeks exemption from the requirements of 14 C.F.R §
91.7(a), 91.121, 91.151(b), 91.203(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1),
91.409(a)(1) & (a) (2), and 91.417(a) & (b), to operate an Unmanned
Aircraft System pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and
Reform Act of 2012 (FMRA). This exemption will permit Littlebirds
VIEW to operate an Unmanned Aircraft System (UAS) for the aerial
acquisitions of imagery across the United States, commercially, in
support of construction progress, production, and forestry survey.

INTRODUCTION AND INTERESTS OF THE PETITIONER
Littlebirds VIEW (hereinafter referred to as "LBV") is an imaging group
specializing in aerial photography/videography. LBV has an exceptional

    history of providing it's clients with beneficial imagery safely and
 efficiently from manned, fixed-wing aircraft. LBV serves a wide range

  of clientele that utilize their imagery for various applications. These
      applications serve artistic, corporate, industrial, and production

 purposes. LBV has pursued their interest in construction progress with
an emphasis on safety which has led to their acquisition of an X-10 UAS

                                                          4
as well as an Inspire 1 UAS. Utilizing the UAS for this type of imagery
   production allows for even higher safety standards than previously

 prescribed. As set forth in this Petition, LBV seeks to operate its UAS
equipment for the purposes of performing aerial acquisitions of imagery

    across the United States, commercially, in support of construction
                   progress, production, and forestry survey.
                                 BACKGROUND

            Unmanned Aircraft System: X-10 and Inspire 1 UAS
LBV seeks an exemption to operate the LBV X-10 and Inspire 1 UAS's
for compensation or hire within the NAS. The X-10 and Inspire 1 UAS
are comprised of a vertical takeoff and landing Unmanned Aircraft. The
X-10 and Inspire 1 UAS have a maximum gross weight of less than 55
pounds, and maximum speed of less than 50 mph. The X-10 and Inspire
1 UAS are driven by Lithium Polymer batteries and powered by electric
motors.

                                                          5
                            BASIS FOR PETITION
Petitioner, LBV pursuant to the provisions of the Federal Aviation
Regulations (14 C.F.R. § 11.61) and the FAA Modernization and Reform
Act of 2012, Section 333, Special Rules for Certain Unmanned Aircraft
Systems, hereby petitions the Administrator to operate the X-10 and
Inspire 1 UAS in the National Airspace System (NAS), and for an
exemption from the requirements of 14 C.F.R §§ 91.7(a), 91.121,
91.151(b), 91.203(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2),
and 91.417(a) & (b).
In consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area
associated with the unmanned aircraft and its operation, LBV's
operation of the X-10 and Inspire 1 UAS meets the conditions of Section
333 and therefore, will not require an airworthiness certificate in
accordance with 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H.

LBV requests relief from Sections 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1),
91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b), as these sections set forth
requirements for maintenance that only apply to aircraft with an
airworthiness certificate.
LBV submits that the requested relief is proper since an equivalent level
of safety will be ensured. LBV will use its authorized technicians to
perform maintenance, alterations, or preventive maintenance on the

                                                          6
UAS using the methods, techniques, and practices prescribed in the
manufacturer's maintenance manual. LBV will document and maintain
all maintenance records for the X-10 and Inspire 1 UAS.
LBV seeks relief from Section 91.7(a), entitled Civil aircraft
airworthiness, because the X-10 and Inspire 1 UAS do not require an
airworthiness certificate in accordance with 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart
H. As such, LBV submits that it will ensure that the X-10 and Inspire 1
UAS are in an airworthy condition, prior to every flight, by determining
that the UAS's are in compliance with the X-10 and Inspire 1 Flight
Manuals, and that the aircraft are in a condition for safe flight.
LBV also seeks an exemption from the requirements of Section 91.121,
entitled Altimeter Settings, as the LBV UAS will not have a typical
barometric altimeter onboard. However, altitude information of the
LBV UAS will be provided to the pilot in command via Global
Positioning System which downlinks to the operator for active
monitoring of the flight path. This altitude information, combined with
LBV's operation of the X-10 and Inspire 1 UAS within visual line of
sight, at or below 400 feet AGL, will ensure a level of safety equivalent
to Section 91.121. LBV seeks an exemption from the requirements of
Section 91.151(b), entitled Fuel requirements for flight in VFR
conditions. LBV submits that safety will not be affected by terminating

                                                          7
flights of the battery powered LBV UAS after 20 minutes of continuous
flight, which would allow for five minutes of battery power remaining.

In accordance with 14 C.F.R. § 11.81, LBV provides the following
information in support of its petition for exemption:

A. Name And Address Of The Petitioner.
    The name and address of the Petitioner is:
   Littlebirds VIEW
   5549 Old Plank Rd. Iron Station, North Carolina 28080

  B. The Specific Sections Of 14 C.F.R. From Which LBV Seeks
      Exemption.

1. LBV Seeks Exemption From The Requirements Of Section
91.7(a).
Section 91.7, entitled Civil aircraft airworthiness, subsection (a), states
the following:
(a) No person may operate a civil aircraft unless it is in an airworthy
condition.
2. LBV Seeks Exemption From The Requirements Of Section
91.121.
Section 91.121, entitled Altimeter settings, subsection (a), states the
following, in part:

                                                          8
(a) Each person operating an aircraft shall maintain the cruising altitude
or flight level of that aircraft, as the case may be, by reference to an
altimeter that is set, when operating--

(1) Below 18,000 feet MSL, to--

(i) The current reported altimeter setting of a station along the route and
within 100 nautical miles of the aircraft;

(ii) If there is no station within the area prescribed in paragraph (a)(1)(i)
of this section, the current reported altimeter setting of an appropriate
available station; or

(iii) In the case of an aircraft not equipped with a radio, the elevation of
the departure airport or an appropriate altimeter setting available before
departure;

3. LBV Seeks Exemption From The Requirements Of Section
91.151(b).

Section 91.151, entitled Fuel requirements for flight in VFR conditions,
subsection (b), states the following:

(b) No person may begin a flight in a rotorcraft under VFR conditions
    unless (considering wind and forecast weather conditions) there is
    enough fuel to fly to the first point of intended landing and, assuming
    normal cruising speed, to fly after that for at least 20 minutes.

4. LBV Seeks Exemption From The Requirement Of Section
   91.203(a)(1).

(a) Except as provided in Sec. 91.715, no person may operate a civil
aircraft unless it has within it the following:

(1) An appropriate and current airworthiness certificate. Each U.S.
airworthiness certificate used to comply with this subparagraph (except a
special flight permit, a copy of the applicable operations specifications
issued under Sec. 21.197(c) of this chapter, appropriate sections of the
air carrier manual required by parts 121 and 135 of this chapter

                                                          9
containing that portion of the operations specifications issued under Sec.
21.197(c), or an authorization under Sec. 91.611) must have on it the
registration number assigned to the aircraft under part 47 of this chapter.
However, the airworthiness certificate need not have on it an assigned
special identification number before 10 days after that number is first
affixed to the aircraft. A revised airworthiness certificate having on it an
assigned special identification number, that has been affixed to an
aircraft, may only be obtained upon application to an FAA Flight
Standards district office.

5. LBV Seeks Exemption From The Requirement Of Section
   91.405(a).

Section 91.405, entitled Maintenance required, subsection (a), states the
following: Each owner or operator of an aircraft--

(a) Shall have that aircraft inspected as prescribed in subpart E of this
part and shall between required inspections, except as provided in
paragraph (c) of this section, have discrepancies repaired as prescribed
in part 43 of this chapter.

6. LBV Seeks Exemption From The Requirements Of Section
91.407(a)(1).

Section 91.407, entitled Operation after maintenance, preventive
maintenance, rebuilding, or alteration, subsection (a)(1), states the
following:

(a) No person may operate any aircraft that has undergone maintenance,
preventive maintenance, rebuilding, or alteration unless--

(1) It has been approved for return to service by a person authorized
    under § 43.7 of this chapter.

                                                         10
7. LBV Seeks Exemption From The Requirements Of Sections
91.409(a)(1) And 91.409(a)(2).

Section 91.409, entitled Inspections, subsection (a), states the following:
(a) Except as provided in paragraph (c) of this section, no person may
operate an aircraft

unless, within the preceding 12 calendar months, it has had --

(1) An annual inspection in accordance with part 43 of this chapter and
has been approved for return to service by a person authorized by § 43.7
of this chapter; or

(2) An inspection for the issuance of an airworthiness certificate in
accordance with part 21 of this chapter.

8. LBV Seeks Exemption From The Requirements Of Sections
91.417(a) And 91.417(b).

Section 91.417, entitled Maintenance records, subsections (a) and (b),
state the following:

(a) Except for work performed in accordance with §§ 91.411 and 91.413,
each registered owner or operator shall keep the following records for
the periods specified in paragraph (b) of this section:

(1) Records of the maintenance, preventive maintenance, and alteration
and records of the 100-hour, annual, progressive, and other required or
approved inspections, as appropriate, for each aircraft (including the
airframe) and each engine, propeller, rotor, and appliance of an aircraft.
The records must include--

(i) A description (or reference to data acceptable to the Administrator) of
the work performed; and

(ii) The date of completion of the work performed; and

(iii) The signature, and certificate number of the person approving the
aircraft for return to service.

                                                         11
(2) Records containing the following information:
(i) The total time in service of the airframe, each engine, each propeller,
and each rotor.

(ii) The current status of life-limited parts of each airframe, engine,
propeller, rotor, and appliance.

(iii) The time since last overhaul of all items installed on the aircraft
which are required to be overhauled on a specified time basis.

(iv) The current inspection status of the aircraft, including the time since
the last inspection required by the inspection program under which the
aircraft and its appliances are maintained.

(v) The current status of applicable airworthiness directives and safety
directives including, for each, the method of compliance, the
airworthiness directive or safety directive number and revision date. If
the airworthiness directive or safety directive involves recurring action,
the time and date when the next action is required.

(vi) Copies of the forms prescribed by § 43.9(d) of this chapter for each
major alteration to the airframe and currently installed engines, rotors,
propellers, and appliances.

(b) The owner or operator shall retain the following records for the
periods prescribed:

(1) The records specified in paragraph (a)(1) of this section shall be
retained until the work is repeated or superseded by other work or for 1
year after the work is performed.

(2) The records specified in paragraph (a)(2) of this section shall be
retained and transferred with the aircraft at the time the aircraft is sold.

(3) A list of defects furnished to a registered owner or operator under §
43.11 of this chapter shall be retained until the defects are repaired and
the aircraft is approved for return to service.

                                                         12
C. The Extent Of Relief LBV Seeks And The Reason LBV Seeks The
   Relief.

1. Extent of Relief LBV Seeks And The Reason LBV Seeks Relief
      From Section 91.7(a).

Relief from Section 91.7(a) entitled Civil aircraft airworthiness, is
requested to the extent required to allow LBV to determine that the X-10
and Inspire 1 UAS's are in an airworthy condition prior to every flight
by ensuring that the UAS's are in compliance with the X-10 and Inspire
1 Flight Manuals, and that the aircraft are in a condition for safe flight.
LBV seeks the requested relief because the X-10 and Inspire 1 UAS's do
not require an airworthiness certificate in accordance with 14 C.F.R. Part
21, Subpart H. Therefore, LBV will ensure that the X-10 and Inspire 1
UAS's are in an airworthy condition based upon its compliance with the
operating documents prior to every flight.

2. Extent of Relief LBV Seeks And The Reason LBV Seeks Relief
From Section 91.121.
Relief from Section 91.121 entitled Altimeter settings, may be required
to allow flight operations of the X-10 and Inspire 1 UAS, which utilizes
GPS equipment that downlink altitude information to the operator.
Safety will be maintained as a result of the X-10 and Inspire 1 UAS's
altitude readout via GPS equipment, and LBV's operation of the X-10
and Inspire 1 UAS within visual line of sight, at or below 400 feet AGL.

                                                         13
3. Extent Of Relief LBV Seeks And The Reason LBV Seeks Relief
From Section 91.151(b).
Relief from Section 91.151(b) entitled Fuel requirements for flight in
VFR conditions, is requested to the extent required to allow flights of
the battery powered X-10 and Inspire 1 UAS during daylight hours in
visual meteorological conditions, under visual flight rule conditions, to
continue for a total duration of 20 minutes, which
will ensure that the UAS will land with five minutes of battery power
remaining. LBV seeks the requested relief because without an exemption
from Section 91.151(b), the flight time duration of the battery powered
X-10 and Inspire 1 UAS will constrain the aerial acquisition flight
operations that LBV proposes to conduct pursuant to this Petition.
The technical specifications of the X-10 and Inspire 1 UAS, the X-10
and Inspire 1 Flight Manuals, and LBV's proposed operating
limitations, ensure that LBV will safely operate the battery powered
X-10 and Inspire 1 UAS during daylight hours in visual flight rule
conditions, for a total flight duration of 20 minutes, landing with five
minutes of battery power remaining.

4. Extent Of Relief LBV Seeks And The Reason LBV Seeks Relief
From Sections 91.203(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) &
(a)(2), And 91.417(a) & (b).

                                                         14
Since Sections 91.203(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)
(2), and 91.417(a) & (b) only apply to aircraft with an airworthiness
certificate, LBV requests relief from these Sections because the X-10
and Inspire 1 UAS do not require an airworthiness certificate.The X-10
and Inspire 1 UAS meets the conditions of Section 333 of the FMRA for
operation without an airworthiness certificate. LBV will use authorized
technicians to perform maintenance, alterations, or preventive
maintenance on the UAS using the methods, techniques, and practices
prescribed in the manufacturer's maintenance manual. Furthermore,
LBV will document and maintain all maintenance records for the X-10
and Inspire 1 UAS.
D. The Reasons Why Granting LBV's Request Would Be In The
Public Interest; That Is, How It Would Benefit The Public As A
Whole.
Granting the present Petition will further the public interest by allowing

LBV to safely, efficiently, and economically perform aerial acquisitions

of imagery across the United States, commercially, in support of

construction progress, production, and forestry survey. Additionally, use

of the X-10 and Inspire 1 UAS will decrease congestion of the NAS,

reduce pollution, and provide benefits to the economy. The benefits of

LBV's proposed operation the X-10 and Inspire 1 UAS will be realized

                                                         15
without implicating any privacy issues.
1. The Public Will Benefit From The Aerial Acquisition of

        Imagery
      LBV submits this Petition to commercially operate the X-10 and
Inspire 1 UAS and perform aerial acquisition of imagery throughout the
United States, in support of construction progress, production, and
forestry survey. The X-10 and Inspire 1 UAS will provide safe,
efficient, and economical aerial acquisition to further each of these areas,
all of which are beneficial to the well-being of the general public.
The specific operations that LBV will perform with the X-10 and Inspire
1 UAS demonstrate how the requested exemption will directly benefit
the above referenced areas and the public. In regard to the construction
progress, unmanned aircraft equipped with photographic equipment are
able to give contractors and skilled laborers a unique perspective on their
projects throughout every stage of construction. These craft can be put to
use to relay real-time imaging of the exterior of a building, reaching
areas and vantages that were previously difficult if not impossible to
attain. This allows crews to scan the work in progress for any errors or

                                                         16
inconsistencies, and to correct those issues before any danger might be
posed to workers or the public.
In regards to forestry, the X-10 and Inspire 1 UAS can survey large
tracts of land and forested areas in a short period of time. The resulting
data could be used for Forestry Department project planning, fire survey
operations and more. Mapping technology is yet another area in which
the use of these aircraft provides a valuable public service.

      2. The Public Will Benefit From Decreased Congestion Of The
NAS

      The X-10 and Inspire 1 UAS is battery powered and serves as a
safe, efficient, and economical alternative to the manned aircraft
traditionally utilized to obtain aerial imagery. By reducing the amount
of manned aircraft needed to perform aerial acquisitions, an exemption
allowing the use of an X-10 and Inspire 1 UAS would reduce the amount
of manned aircraft in the NAS, reduce noise and air pollution, as well as
increase the safety of life and property in the air and on the ground.
By reducing the number of manned aircraft operating in the NAS,
congestion around airports caused by arriving and departing aircraft will

                                                         17
be reduced. The X-10 and Inspire 1 UAS does not require an airport to
takeoff or land. A reduction of manned aircraft conducting aerial survey
missions would result in fewer aircraft that must be handled by air traffic
control during the ground, takeoff, departure, arrival, and landing phases
of flight operations.

      3. The Pubic Will Benefit From The Safety And Efficiency Of
The X-10 and Inspire 1 UAS.
Conducting aerial acquisitions with the X-10 and Inspire 1 UAS, instead
of manned aircraft will greatly benefit the public by drastically reducing
the levels of air and noise pollution generated during traditional aerial
survey flight operations. Perhaps more importantly are the obvious
implications of the reductions in substantial risk to life and property in
the air and on the ground which is usually associated with traditional
manned aircraft when used in these operations.

      4. Performing Aerial Acquisition Operations With The X-10
and Inspire 1 UAS Will Benefit The Economy.

      Operating the X-10 and Inspire 1 UAS provides an economical
alternative to using manned aircraft to conduct aerial acquisitions. This
allows US based LBV to remain competitive in their field and contribute

                                                         18
to the growth of the US economy. Not only will the public benefit from
the job stability provided by a profitable company like LBV, but the
imagery acquired via LBV can dramatically benefit the specific target
areas in which it is utilized. Inspectors, working with trained pilot
operators, would have the ability to view a structure from virtually any
exterior angle at various stages of construction. This previously
unattainable, "bird's-eye" view could identify areas in which a danger to
public safety exists. In the case of projects that are moving ahead
according to the established code and safety requirements, the use of
unmanned craft would serve to streamline the inspection process. This
allows inspectors to cover more projects in a shorter period of time, and
allows contractors to move forward without undue delay. Both results
translate into lowered costs for the public, both on the side of tax dollars
saved and lowered construction costs.

      5. There Are No Privacy Issues.
      LBV's proposed operation of the X-10 and Inspire 1 UAS will not
implicate any privacy issues. The X-10 and Inspire 1 UAS will be

                                                         19
operated in accordance with all Federal Aviation Regulations, including

the minimum altitude requirements of 14 C.F.R. § 91.119. Additionally,

the X-10 and Inspire 1 UAS will not be operated closer than 500 feet to

any person, vessel, vehicle, or structure, which is not directly involved in

the operation.

E. The Reasons Why Granting The Exemption Would Not Adversely
Affect Safety, Or How The Exemption Would Provide A Level Of
Safety At Least Equal To That Provided By The Rule From Which
LBV Seeks Exemption.
1. Reasons Why The X-10 and Inspire 1 UAS Meets The Conditions
Of The FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (FMRA)
Section 333.
In consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area
associated with the unmanned aircraft and their operation,LBV's
operation of the X-10 and Inspire 1 UAS meets the conditions of FMRA
Section 333, and will not require an airworthiness certificate in
accordance with 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H.
Section 333 provides authority for a UAS to operate without
airworthiness certification and sets forth requirements for considering
whether a UAS will create a hazard to users of the NAS or the public, or
otherwise pose a threat to national security. FMRA Section
333 states the following, in part:

                                                         20
(a) In General.--Notwithstanding any other requirement of this subtitle,
and not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the
Secretary of Transportation shall determine if certain unmanned aircraft
systems may operate safely in the national airspace system before
completion of the plan and rulemaking required by section 332 of this
Act or the guidance required by section 334 of this Act.

(b) Assessment of Unmanned Aircraft Systems.--In making the
determination under subsection (a), the Secretary shall determine, at a
minimum--

(1) which types of unmanned aircraft systems, if any, as a result of their
size, weight, speed, operational capability, proximity to airports and
populated areas, and operation within visual line of sight do not create a
hazard to users of the national airspace system or the public or pose a
threat to national security; and

(2) whether a certificate of waiver, certificate of authorization, or
airworthiness certification under section 44704 of title 49, United States
Code, is required for the operation of unmanned aircraft systems
identified under paragraph (1).

(c) Requirements for Safe Operation.--If the Secretary determines under
this section that certain unmanned aircraft systems may operate safely in
the national airspace system, the Secretary shall establish requirements
for the safe operation of such aircraft systems in the national airspace
system.

In seeking this exemption, LBV submits that the X-10 and Inspire 1

UAS can operate safely in the NAS pursuant to FMRA Section 333, as

demonstrated by: (a) the characteristics of the X-10 and Inspire 1 UAS;

(b) the pilot certification requirement; and (c) the specific operating

(c) limitations.

                                                         21
a. The Specifications Of The X-10 and Inspire 1 UAS Demonstrate
their Safe Characteristics.
The X-10 and Inspire 1 UAS do not create a hazard to users of the NAS
or the public, or otherwise pose a threat to national security considering
its size, weight, speed, and operational capability.

i. Technical Specifications Of The X-10 and Inspire 1 UAS.
The technical specifications of the X-10 and Inspire 1 UAS are in
Exhibit C and D. Exhibit C and D contains proprietary information and
is to be held in a separate file pursuant to 14 C.F.R. § 11.35(b).

ii. The X-10 and Inspire 1 UAS Navigation Modes Enable The UAS
To Remain Within A Defined Operational Area.
A complete description of the methods of navigation of the X-10 and
Inspire 1 UAS is provided in Exhibit C and D. Exhibits C and D contain
proprietary information and is to be held in a separate file pursuant to
14 C.F.R. § 11.35(b).

iii. The X-10 and Inspire 1 UAS Is Designed For Automatic Return
To Launch In The Event Of Loss Of The Control Link Or
Navigation.
A complete description of the X-10 and Inspire 1 UAS's automatic
return to launch function in the event of a break in communication or
loss of telemetry data is attached in Exhibit C and D. Exhibit C and D
contains proprietary information and is to be held in a separate file

                                                         22
pursuant to 14 C.F.R. § 11.35(b).

b. Flight Operations Of The X-10 and Inspire 1 UAS Are Limited To
The Line Of Sight Of A Commercially Rated Certificated Pilot.
LBV will only utilize commercially certificated pilots who possess a

valid second class airman medical certificate to act as a pilot in

command of the X-10 and Inspire 1 UAS. The pilot in command must

complete the X-10 or Inspire 1 UAS training and qualification, as posted

in LBV's Flight Operations Manual in Exhibit A. Exhibit A contains

proprietary information and is to be held in a separate file pursuant to

14 C.F.R. § 11.35(b).

c. Flights Of The X-10 and Inspire 1 UAS Will Be Conducted
Pursuant To Specific Operating Limitations.
In seeking this exemption, LBV proposes to commercially operate the

LBV UAS to perform aerial acquisitions of imagery across the United

States, in support of construction progress, production, and forestry

survey, pursuant to the following specific operating limitations:

1) Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the
following aircraft described in the operator's manual which are multi
rotor aircraft weighing less than 55 pounds: X-10 and Inspire 1
Unmanned Aircraft System.

2) The UAS may not be flown at an indicated airspeed exceeding 50
miles per hour.

3) The UAS must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet
above ground level (AGL), as indicated by the procedures specified in

                                                         23
the operator's manual. All altitudes reported to ATC must be in feet
AGL.

4) The UAS must be operated within visual line of sight of the pilot in
command at all times. This requires the pilot in command to be able to
use human vision unaided by any device other than corrective lenses, as
specified on the FAA-issued airman medical certificate.

5) The pilot in command must be designated before the flight and cannot
transfer his or her designation for the duration of the flight.

6) The operator's manual and this grant of exemption must be
maintained and made available to the Administrator upon request. If a
discrepancy exists between the conditions and limitations in this
exemption and the procedures outlined in the operator's manual, the
conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its
operator's manual. The operator may update or revise its operator's
manual. It is the operator's responsibility to track such revisions and
present updated and revised documents to the Administrator upon
request. The operator must also present updated and revised documents
if it petitions for extension or amendment. If the operator determines that
any update or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA
granted this exemption, then the operator must petition for amendment
to their exemption. The FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be
contacted if questions arise regarding updates or revisions to the
operator's manual.

7) Prior to each flight the pilot in command must inspect the UAS to
ensure it is in a condition for safe flight. If the inspection reveals a
condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been
performed and the UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight. All
maintenance and alterations must be properly documented in the aircraft
records.

                                                         24
8) Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect
the UAS operation or flight characteristics must undergo a functional
test flight in accordance with the operator's manual. The pilot in
command who conducts the functional test flight must make an entry in
the UAS aircraft records of the flight. The requirements and procedures
for a functional test flight and aircraft record entry must be added to the
operator's manual.

9) The preflight inspection must account for all discrepancies, i.e.
inoperable components, items, or equipment, not covered in the relevant
preflight inspection sections of the operator's manual.

10) The operator must follow the manufacturer's UAScomponent,
maintenance, overhaul, replacement, inspection, and life limit
requirements, with particular attention to flight critical components that
may not be addressed in the manufacturer's manuals.

11) LBV must carry out their maintenance, inspections, and record
keeping requirements in accordance with the operator's manual.
Maintenance, inspection, and alterations must be noted in the aircraft
logbook, including total flight hours, description of work accomplished,
and the signature of the authorized UAS technician or pilot in command
returning the UAS to service.

12) LBV UAS technicians must receive and document training
referenced in the operator's manual.

13) Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all
manufacturer System and Safety Bulletins.

14) LBV maintenance personnel must make a record entry in the UAS
logbook or equivalent document of the corrective action taken against
discrepancies discovered between inspections.

15) The pilot in command must possess at least a commercial pilot
certificate and a second-class airman medical certificate. The pilot in
command must also meet the flight review requirements specified in 14

                                                         25
C.F.R. § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the pilot in command is rated on
his or her pilot certificate.

16) The operator may not permit any pilot in command to operate unless
that pilot in command has demonstrated, through the training and
currency requirements set forth in the operator's manual, that the pilot in
command is able to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with
how the UAS will be operated under this exemption, including evasive
and emergency maneuvers and maintaining appropriate distances from
people, vessels, vehicles and structures.

17) UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14
C.F.R. § 1.1. All operations must be conducted under visual
meteorological conditions.

18) The UAS may not operate within 5 nautical miles of the airport
reference point as denoted on a current FAA-published aeronautical
chart.

19) The UAS may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than
2,000 feet horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3
statute miles from the pilot in command.

20) If the UAS loses communications or loses its signal, the UAS must
return to a pre-determined location within the private or controlled-
access property and land, or be recovered in accordance with the
operator's manual.

21) The pilot in command must abort the flight in the event of
unpredicted obstacles or emergencies in accordance with the operator's
manual.

22) The pilot in command is prohibited from beginning a UAS flight
unless there is enough power to fly to the first point of intended landing
prior to utilizing battery reserve power.

23) The operator must obtain an Air Traffic Organization issued
Certificate of Waiver or Authorization prior to conducting any

                                                         26
operations under this grant of exemption. This Certificate of Waiver will
also require the operator to request issuance of a Notice to Airman not
more than 72 hours in advance, but not less than 48 hours prior to the
operation.

24) All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be
identified by serial number.

25) Before conducting operations, the radio frequency spectrum used for
operation and control of the UAS must comply with the Federal
Communications Commission or other appropriate government
oversight agency requirements.

26) The documents required under 14 C.F.R. 91.9 must be available to
the pilot in command any time the aircraft is operating. These
documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law
enforcement official upon request.

27) The UAS must remain clear and yield the right of way to all other
manned aviation operations and activities at all times.

28) The UAS may not be operated by the pilot in command from any
moving device or vehicle.

29) Ultimately, it is the pilot in command's responsibility to maintain the
minimum safe altitudes required by § 91.119.

30) Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all
nonparticipating persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:

  a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect
      nonparticipating persons from debris in the event of an accident.
      The operator must ensure that nonparticipating persons remain
      under such protection. If a situation arises where nonparticipating
      persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of the UAS,
      flight operations must cease immediately and/or;

                                                         27
  b. the aircraft is operated near vessels, vehicles or structures where
      the land owner/controller has granted permission and the pilot in
      command has made a safety assessment of the risk of operating
      closer to those objects and;

  c. operations near the pilot in command do not present an undue
      hazard to the pilot in command, per § 91.119(a).

31) All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access
property with permission from the land owner/controller or authorized
representative. Permission from land owner/controller or authorized
representative will be obtained prior to the beginning of every flight.

32) Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the
lateral or vertical boundaries of the operational area as defined by the
applicable Certificate of Waiver must be reported to the FAA's UAS
Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be reported
to the National Transportation Safety Board per instructions contained
on the NTSB Web site.

2.Reasons Why An Exemption From The Requirements Of Section
91.7(a) Would Not Adversely Affect Safety.

The equivalent level of safety established by Section 91.7(a) will be

maintained because prior to every flight, LBV will ensure that the X-10

and Inspire 1 UAS are in an airworthy condition based upon the X-10

and Inspire 1 UAS compliance with its operating documents.

3. Reasons Why An Exemption From The Requirements Of Section
   91.121 Would Not Adversely Affect Safety.

The equivalent level of safety established by Section 91.121 will be

maintained because the altitude information of the X-10 and Inspire

                                                         28
UAS will be provided to the pilot in command for active monitoring of
the flight path. This altitude information, combined with LBV's
operation of the X-10 and Inspire 1 UAS within visual line of sight, at or
below 400 feet AGL, will ensure a level of safety equivalent to Section
91.121. The altitude information will be generated onboard the aircraft.
Prior to each flight, a zero altitude initiation point will be established
and confirmed for accuracy by the UAS pilot in command.

4. Reasons Why An Exemption From The Requirements Of Section
   91.151(b) Would Not Adversely Affect Safety.

A grant of this exemption would ensure an equivalent level of safety
established by 14 C.F.R. Section 91.151(b) as a result of (1) the
technical specifications of the X-10 and Inspire 1 UAS; (2) the
limitations on the proposed flight operations; and (3) the location of the
proposed flight operations. LBV will ensure that it can safely operate t
he battery powered X-10 and Inspire 1 UAS during daylight hours, in
VFR conditions, for a total flight duration of no more than 20 minutes,
resulting in a landing with five minutes of battery power remaining.
Previous exemptions granted by the FAA concerning
Section 91.151 establish that safety is not adversely affected when the
technical characteristics and operating limitations of the UAS are
considered. Relief has been granted for manned aircraft to operate at less

                                                         29
than the minimums prescribed in Section 91.151, including Exemption
Nos. 2689, 5745, and 10650.

5. Reasons Why An Exemption From The Requirements Of Sections
   91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), And 91.417(a) & (b)
   Would Not Adversely Affect Safety.

In seeking this exemption, LBV submits that the equivalent level of
safety with regard to the regulatory maintenance and alteration
requirements established by Sections 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)
(1) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b) will be met because LBV will use its
trained technicians to perform maintenance, alterations, or preventive
maintenance on the unmanned aircraft system using the methods,
techniques, and practices prescribed in the manufacturer's maintenance
manual. LBV will document and maintain all maintenance records for
the X-10 and Inspire 1 UAS.
Since the X-10 and Inspire 1 UAS will be inspected as prescribed by the
manufacturer's maintenance manual, LBV will maintain the equivalent
level of safety established by Sections 91.405(a), 91.409(a)(1), and
91.409(a)(2). The Flight Manual For The X-10 and Inspire 1 UAS sets
forth airworthiness requirements for the UAS, including preflight and
post flight inspections.
The exemption sought will not adversely affect safety because LBV will
perform maintenance, alterations or preventive maintenance on the

                                                         30
UAS using the methods, techniques, and practices prescribed by the
manufacturer's maintenance manual.
A complete description of the X-10 and Inspire 1 UAS airworthiness and
maintenance requirements is contained in Exhibit C and D. Exhibit C
and D contains proprietary information and is to be held in a separate
file pursuant to 14 C.F.R. § 11.35(b).
The exemption sought would maintain an equivalent level of safety
established by Sections 91.407, 91.417(a) and 91.417(b), because all
maintenance of the X-10 and Inspire 1 UAS will be performed by LBV
trained technicians, who will document and maintain maintenance
records for the X-10 and Inspire 1 UAS. LBV submits that safety will
not be adversely affected by granting exemption from 14 C.F.R. Sections
91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1) and (a)(2), 91.409(a)(2), and 91.417(a) and (b).
The FAA has previously granted relief specific to UAS in circumstances
similar, in all material respects, to those presented herein (e.g.Exemption
Nos. 11062, 11063, 11064, 11065, 11066, 11067, 11080, 11109, 11110,
11112, 11136, 11138).

7. The FAA May Prescribe Any Other Conditions For Safe
   Operation.

In accordance with Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform
Act of 2012 (FMRA) and 14 C.F.R. § 21.16 entitled Special Conditions,
LBV requests that the FAA prescribe special conditions for the intended

                                                         31
operation of the X-10 and Inspire 1 UAS, which contain such safety
standards that the Administrator finds necessary to establish a level of
safety equivalent to that established by 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H, and
14 C.F.R §§ 91.7 (a), 91.121, 91.151(b), 91.203(a)(1), 91.405(a),
91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b). Such special
conditions will permit safe operation of the UAS for the limited purpose
of conducting aerial acquisitions over certain rural areas of the United
States. FMRA Section 333 sets forth the requirements for considering
whether a UAS will create a hazard to users of the NAS or the public, or
otherwise pose a threat to national security; and further, provides the
authority for such UAS to operate without airworthiness certification in
accordance with any requirements that must be established for the safe
operation of the UAS in the NAS.
The Administrator may prescribe special conditions pursuant to 14
C.F.R.§ 21.16, for operation of the X-10 and Inspire 1 UAS, since the
airworthiness regulations of 14 C.F.R. Part 21 do not contain adequate or
appropriate safety standards, due to the novel or unusual design features
of the aircraft. Section 21.16, entitled Special Conditions, states the
following:
If the FAA finds that the airworthiness regulations of this subchapter do
not contain adequate or appropriate safety standards for an aircraft,

                                                         32
aircraft engine, or propeller because of a novel or unusual design feature
of the aircraft, aircraft engine or propeller, he prescribes special
conditions and amendments for the product. The special conditions are
issued in accordance with Part 11 of this chapter and contain such safety
standards for the aircraft, aircraft engine or propeller as the FAA finds
necessary to establish a level of safety equivalent to that established in

the regulations. See 14 C.F.R. § 21.16.
In accordance with FMRA Section 333 and 14 C.F.R. § 21.16, the FAA
may prescribe special conditions for LBV's intended operation of the
X-10 and Inspire 1 UAS, which contain such safety standards that the
Administrator finds necessary to establish a level of safety equivalent to
that established by 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H, and 14 C.F.R Sections
 91.7(a), 91.121, 91.151(b), 91.203(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1),
91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a)& (b).

  A. A Summary That Can Be Published In The Federal Register,
      stating: The Rules From Which LBV Seeks Exemption:
      Littlebirds VIEW seeks exemption from the requirements of 14
      C.F.R Sections 91.7(a), 91.121, 91.151(b), 91.203(a)(1), 91.405(a),
      91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b).

A Brief Description Of The Nature Of The Exemption LBV Seeks:
This exemption will permit Littlebirds VIEW to commercially operate an
Unmanned Aircraft System (UAS) for the purpose of conducting aerial
acquisitions of imagery across the United States, commercially, in
support of construction progress, production, and forestry survey.

                                                         33
  B. Any Additional Information, Views, Or Arguments Available
      To Support LBV's Request.

This Petition is made pursuant to the FAA Modernization and
Reform Act of 2012 (FMRA) Section 333, which directs the Secretary
of Transportation to determine if certain UAS may operate safely in the
NAS. As such, LBV's request for exemption may be granted pursuant to
the authority of FMRA Section 333 and 14 C.F.R. Part 11, as set forth
above. FMRA Section 333 sets forth the requirements for considering
whether a UAS will create a hazard to users of the NAS or the
public, or otherwise pose a threat to national security; and further,
provides the authority for such UAS to operate without
airworthiness certification. As discussed in detail above, LBV will
operate the X-10 and Inspire 1 UAS safely in the NAS, without
creating a hazard to users of the NAS, or the public, or otherwise
pose a threat to national security.

                                                         34
                                  CONCLUSION
LBV seeks an exemption pursuant to 14 C.F.R. § 11.61 and Section 333
of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (FMRA), which
will permit safe operation of the X-10 and Inspire 1 UAS commercially,
without an airworthiness certificate, for the purpose of conducting aerial
acquisitions to support of construction progress, production, and forestry
survey across the United States.

By granting this Petition, the FAA Administrator will be fulfilling the
Congressional mandate of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of
2012, while also advancing the interests of the public, by allowing LBV
to safely, efficiently, and economically operate the X-10 and Inspire 1
UAS commercially within the NAS.
In accordance with the Federal Aviation Regulations and the FAA
Modernization and Reform Act of 2012, Section 333, LBV respectfully
requests that the Administrator grant this Petition for an exemption from
the requirements of 14 C.F.R Sections 91.7(a), 91.121, 91.151(b),
91.203(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and
91.417(a) & (b), and permit LBV to operate the X-10 and Inspire 1 UAS
commercially for the purpose of conducting aerial acquisitions in
support of construction progress, production, and forestry survey.

                                                         35
36
