July 22, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12118
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­0819

Ms. Danielle M. Rivera
CEO
Lone Star Sky Solutions, LLC
1699 Ridge Runner Court
Clarksville, TN 37042

Dear Ms. Rivera:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated March 24, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of Lone Star Sky Solutions, LLC (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption.
The petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct aerial
photography, videography, surveying, and UAS training1.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

1 The petitioner requested authority to conduct UAS training. At this time, the FAA is unable to authorize UAS
operations for training until a further assessment is completed. When the FAA completes its review, we will
proceed accordingly and no further action will be required by the petitioner. However, the petitioner is permitted
to train its own pilot in commands and visual observers in accordance with condition no. 14 and the other
conditions and limitations in this exemption.
                                                                                                                 2

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner are the 3D Robotics X8+ and SenseFly eBee.

In accordance with the statutory criteria provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in
reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited
operating area associated with the aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation
has determined that this aircraft meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA
finds that relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts,
Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing
requirements of part 36, is not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection2. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

· They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

· The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

· A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Lone Star Sky Solutions, LLC is granted an exemption

2 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                                                 3

from 14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a),
91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a)
and (b), to the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data
collection. This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Lone Star Sky Solutions, LLC is hereafter referred to as
the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the 3D Robotics X8+
         and SenseFly eBee when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed
         operations of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this
         exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
         must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.
                                                                                                            4

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
                                                                                                            5

    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.
                                                                                                            6

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

    The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
    nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
                                                                                                                 7

         to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
         reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
         contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

 If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
 television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                    8

This exemption terminates on July 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.
Sincerely,
/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
Lone Star Sky Solutions, LLC.  Section 333 UAS Exemption Request

                                                                                                March 24th, 2015

Danielle M. Rivera, CEO
Lone Star Sky Solutions, LLC
1699 Ridge Runner Ct.
Clarksville, TN 37042
danielle@lonestarskyllc.com
(931) 444-7150

U.S. Department of Transportation
Docket Management System
1200 New Jersey Ave., SE
Washington, DC 205930

Petition for Exemption Filed under Section 333 of the 2012 FAA Modernization and Reform Act
Filed via www.regulations.gov

Dear FAA UAS Exemption Review Team,

Lone Star Sky Solutions, LLC ("LSSS") is respectfully writing to request exemptions that would
lead to safe and legal entry into the NAS under Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and
Reform Act of 2012. A granted exemption would allow us to obtain a COA, if required, to
conduct commercial operations and training described in this letter. Furthermore, it would
enhance airspace safety and efficiency in our community by offering affordable aerial imagery,
video, and surveying to the general public that would deter and mitigate unsafe and illegal
entrance into the NAS by untrained and unlicensed UAS users.

Annex A outlines requested exemptions and applicable reasoning. Annex B briefly describes PIC
training program and qualifications. Annex C outlines operations, safety considerations, and
limitations. The remainder of this letter is outlined in accordance with ("IAW") the Section 333
Guidance document available at FAA's Petitioning for Exemption under Section 333.

LSSS' UAS Platforms

      1. Operations will be conducted with 3D Robotics' X8+ and SenseFly's eBee UAS(s).
           Design and operational characteristics are defined within attached manuals. Recently,
           exemptions for the X8+ were granted to Build Imagery, BNSF Railway Company, and
           the eBee to Quiet Creek Corporation, amongst others, on the 11th and 12th of March.
           In addition, airworthiness of both platforms has been demonstrated in different projects
           within the United States (e.g., eBee by New Mexico State University, X8).

                                                                                                                        Page 1
Lone Star Sky Solutions, LLC.  Section 333 UAS Exemption Request

      2. PIC(s) will be trained on and operate by strict conditions defined by the Safety Program
           of the Academy of Model Aeronautics, attached flight manuals, and LSSS' training
           program. Inspections will be conducted before each flight IAW platform's respective
           checklist and Annex C. Maintenance and repairs will be performed IAW 3DR or eBee
           user manual, at minimum, quarterly or upon failed pre- or post-flight inspections.

      3. All equipment, frequencies, and payloads comply with FCC requirements and can be
           furnished upon request.

LSSS' PIC(s)

      4. LSSS has developed a PIC training program that can be furnished upon request. Refer
           to Annex B for further information.

      5. All PIC(s) will obtain and maintain First Aid and CPR certification. They will be able
           to apply basic aid in the unlikely situation that an UAS collides with personnel.

Operation of UAS

      6. LSSS conducts operations to provide affordable aerial photography, video, and
           surveying to the general public. Refer to Annex C for a list of operations, safety
           considerations, and limitations.

      7. The X8+ max operating speed will not exceed 15MPH and the eBee will not exceed
           35MPH. Neither platform will exceed an altitude of 400 feet above ground level. Both
           platforms will not operate at night or in weather conditions that produce precipitation,
           visibility less than three miles from the launch point, ceilings less than 1000 feet,
           sustained winds greater than 25 knots, or gust spreads greater than 10 knots. All PIC(s)
           are equipped with Kestrels to measure current site wind speed. This will prevent
           unnecessary risk to people and property.

      8. Areas of intended operations are defined by property owners, responsible agents, or
           government agencies consent and boundaries obtained by government GIS sources.
           Refer to Annex C for further information.

      9. PIC(s) will not conduct operations within five nautical miles of airports without
           approved consent from base operations or air traffic control authorities. PIC(s) will
           notify these agencies at least 72 hours prior if operation site is within five nautical miles
           of an airport.

      10. PIC(s) will maintain unaided VLOS with UAS. In complex duties or terrain, VO(s) will
           be used to maintain VLOS with UAS and PIC, and relay flight information.

                                                                                                                        Page 2
Lone Star Sky Solutions, LLC.  Section 333 UAS Exemption Request

      11. PIC(s) will verify flight limiting factors upon arrival to the operation site by using
           government sources and Kestrel for weather data, surveying and documenting site
           hazards, and conducting pre-flight inspections prior to operations.

      12. PIC(s), when applicable to operations, will submit FAA Form 7711-1 or equivalent
           form with Flight Standards District Office at least 72 hours prior operations.

      13. Will obtain COA, if required, from FAA Air Traffic Organization if granted exemption.
We hope that you grant us an exemption to the current regulations. We are looking forward to
leading the way and setting a safe and efficient standard for future companies and UAS
operators. Thank you for your consideration.

                                                               Very respectfully,

                                                               DANIELLE M. RIVERA, CEO
                                                               LONE STAR SKY SOLUTIONS, LLC

                               Page 3
Lone Star Sky Solutions, LLC.  Section 333 UAS Exemption Request

                                     ANNEX A: Requested Exemptions

    - Part 61 Certification
             o 61.113 (a, b)
                       Operators should not be required to hold a commercial or private pilot
                           licenses given safety features of X8+, eBee, AMA training, Lone Star Sky
                           Solutions' training program, and safety measures described in Annex C.

    - Part 91 General Operating and Flight Rules
             o 91.105
             o 91.109
                       Flight instruction will be accomplished using a thorough and safe training
                           program outlined in Annex B.
             o 91.119 (c)
                       Cannot operate above 400 feet AGL and therefore cannot comply with this
                           regulation.
             o 91.121
                       Onboard systems of the eBee and X8+ provide a similar level of safety by
                           using GPS and other orientation sensors.
             o 91.151 (a)
                       X8+ and eBee do not use fuel. However, operators will prepare to land
                           when battery falls below 25% and before 20% is reached. PIC(s) will
                           conduct a weather brief before each flight and UAS will not be operated
                           below VFR conditions.
             o 91.405 (a), 91.407 (a)(1), 91.409 (a)(1, 2), 91.417 (a, b)
                       All maintenance and repairs will be accomplished by utilizing 3DR
                           documentation or eBee user manual. An equivalent level of safety to the
                           regulations will be achieved because the X8+ and eBee are not complex
                           mechanical devices. Furthermore, pre- and post-flight checks will be
                           conducted with each flight. If deficiencies are found, the UAS will not be
                           operated until repairs are conducted. All repairs will be logged.
             o 91.7 (a)
                       Airworthiness of both aircraft has been demonstrated. If required, a waiver
                           or certificate according to step four on the Petitioning for Exemption
                           under Section 333 web page will be obtained.
             o 91.203 (a, b), 91.9
                       An equivalent level of safety will be ensured by requiring PIC(s) to carry
                           manuals and standard operating procedure documents while operating
                           UAS.

In addition, request exemption from other regulations deemed necessary by reviewer.

                                                                                                                        Page 4
Lone Star Sky Solutions, LLC.  Section 333 UAS Exemption Request

                                     ANNEX B: Pilot in Command Qualifications

Lone Star Sky Solutions' training program is developed by our co-founder who has extensive
knowledge in small UAS military applications and safety programs. The program is designed
with community safety at mind using AMA guidelines. Ultimately, this program will efficiently
qualify trainees to operate and recognize the need for PIC refresher training.

The program separates operators into three tiers: Trainee, Basic Mission Qualified ("BMQ") and
Fully Mission Qualified ("FMQ") PIC(s). Minimum qualifications are listed below.

         1. Trainee: Can only operate UAS on training courses under supervision. Primary goal
             is to reach BMQ status by completing classroom, visual observer ("VO"), and
             operational instruction.
                  a. Possess valid state issued driver's license
                  b. Passes LSSS interview
                  c. Passes background check

         2. BMQ PIC: Can operate UAS under supervision. Primary goal is to reach FMQ status
             by acquiring supervised on-the-job flight hours, passing check-ride, and becoming
             First Aid and CPR certificated.
                  a. Completes eight hours of classroom instruction
                  b. Completes four hours of simulated flight training
                  c. Completes at least eight hours of operation instruction per platform
                  d. Completes at least eight hours of VO on-the-job training

         3. FMQ PIC: Can operate UAS unsupervised and can recommend trainee upgrade or
             BMQ downgrade.
                  a. Completes at least twelve hours of supervised on-the-job flight
                  b. Passes written test
                  c. Passes UAS platform check-ride course
                  d. Receives Basic First Aid and CPR certification

                               Page 5
Lone Star Sky Solutions, LLC.  Section 333 UAS Exemption Request

                                       ANNEX C: Operations, Safety and Limitations

Lone Star Sky Solutions ("LSSS") conducts several types of operations for two primary reasons.
First, is to provide affordable aerial photography, video, and surveying to the general public.
Second, is to provide free education and training to youth, high-school, and undergraduates in
there freshman or sophomore year. By providing affordable services to the general public and
free education, we hope to keep the community safe by deterring and mitigating untrained and
unlicensed UAS users from entering the NAS.

    1. Proposed operations are, but not inclusive to, the following:
             a. Employee and youth training on LSSS' properties or approved public locations
                  with written consent of responsible government authority
             b. Real-estate photography and video services for property owners, managers, or
                  real-estate agents
             c. Home inspections with multi-spectral cameras for owners or potential buyers.
             d. Outdoor event photography or video (e.g., weddings, golf tournament, etc.) for
                  the general public with consent of property owners and or responsible government
                  authority
             e. Agriculture monitoring, imagery, and surveying for owners, farmers, or
                  agronomist with permission of property owner
             f. General imagery, mapping, and surveying for property/land owners or
                  governments

    2. Safety is important, and the guidelines below will be followed in accordance with
         ("IAW") FAA regulations.
             a. Pre-flight:
                       i. PIC(s) will define operational borders using government GIS sources
                      ii. PIC(s) will account for all persons on property.
                     iii. PIC(s) will seek consent for persons within 100 feet of flight operations
                     iv. PIC(s) will survey and document site flight hazards
                      v. PIC(s) will review weather data from Kestrel and government sources
                     vi. PIC(s) will verify payload limits are not exceeded
                     vii. PIC(s) will conduct specific platform pre-flight checklist
                    viii. PIC(s) will document all tasks
                     ix. PIC(s) will conduct briefings for all PIC(s), VO(s), owners or responsible
                           agent, and persons within 100 feet of operations. Brief will highlight the
                           concept of operation, potential hazards, weather conditions, and
                           abbreviated guidelines of the Academy of Model Aeronautics Safety Code
             b. Flight Operations and Limitations:
                       i. PIC(s) will operate according to FAA regulations, manuals, and standard
                           operating procedures
                      ii. PIC(s) will end operations before sunset.
                     iii. PIC(s) will leave operation site before evening civil twilight.

                                                                                                                        Page 6
Lone Star Sky Solutions, LLC.  Section 333 UAS Exemption Request

        iv. PIC(s) will not arrive to operation site before morning civil twilight.
         v. PIC(s) will not start operations before sunrise.
        vi. PIC(s) will not operate on any property without consent from owner or

             responsible agent
       vii. PIC(s) will not fly within 5NM of airports without consent from base

             operations or air traffic control authorities
      viii. PIC(s) will not fly over people

        ix. PIC(s) will not fly within 100 feet of non-consenting persons
         x. PIC(s) will not fly in excess of 400 feet above ground level
        xi. PIC(s) will not operate UAS, to include payloads, more than 20 pounds
       xii. PIC(s) will maintain VLOS and or coordination with VO(s)
      xiii. PIC(s) will prepare for landing when battery level falls below 25% and

             land before level reaches 20%

c. Supervision of Operations
         i. FMQ PIC(s) will ensure personnel within 100 feet of UAS operations are
             wearing protective equipment (e.g., safety vest and glasses, hard hat, etc.)
        ii. FMQ PIC(s) will ensure all FAA UAS regulations and guidelines are
             maintained.

        iii. FMQ PIC(s) will document violations by trainees, VO(s), or BMQ(s)
        iv. FMQ PIC(s) will recommend upgrade and downgrade of trainees or

             BMQ(s)
         v. FMQ PIC(s) will conduct spot checks to ensure lead PIC gained proper

             consent from all authorities.

                               Page 7
