August 14, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12471
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015-1659

Mr. Darrell J. Green
Counsel for Lost River Enterprises, LLC
 dba Lost River Aerial
The Law Office of Darrell J. Green, LLC
770 South Willow Park Drive
Lehi, UT 84043

Dear Mr. Green:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated May 3, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of Lost River Enterprises, LLC dba Lost River Aerial (hereinafter petitioner or
operator) for an exemption. The petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system
(UAS) to conduct aerial videography and photography.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a DJI Phantom Vision 2.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
                                                                                                                 2

provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1 and closed set motion picture and
filming. The FAA has issued grants of exemption in circumstances similar in all material
respects to those presented in your petition. In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus
Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352), 11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and
11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the
enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned aircraft (UA) with the specifications described
by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or crew, rather than a manned aircraft of
significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA
good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

· They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

· The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

· A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Lost River Enterprises, LLC dba Lost River Aerial is
granted an exemption from 14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a),
61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and
(2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to
perform aerial data collection and closed set motion picture and filming. This exemption is
subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                                                 3

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Lost River Enterprises, LLC dba Lost River Aerial is hereafter
referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom
         Vision 2 when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations
         of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
         must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
         documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
         Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
                                                                                                            4

    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.
                                                                                                            5

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.
                                                                                                            6

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

    The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
    nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
    reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
    contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.
                                                                                                                 7

 If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
 television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                                                 8

This exemption terminates on August 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.
Sincerely,
/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service
Enclosures
                               The Law Office of Darrell J. Green, LLL
                                           770 S. Willow Park Drive
                                                 Lehi, UT 84043

                                              Telephone: (660) 624-2181,
                                        Email : green.T 7 0 @comcast.net

May 3,2015

YIA ELECTRONUC SUBMISSION

Federal Docket Manasement Website
U. S. Department of Transportation
Docket Management System
1200 New Jersey Ave., SE
Washington, DC 20590

Re: Request for Exemption pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform
      llActof20l2 and 14. C.F.R. Part

Dear Sir or Madam:

         Lost River Enterprises,LLc d/blal Lost River Aerial (Lost River) is a business for the
purpose of conducting aerial videography and photography and an owner of a Small Unmanned
Aircraft Systems oosfJAS." This sUAS is equipped with video and photographic equipment for the
purpose of conducting aerial videography and photography for media and advertising industries
and other private and public entities, and natural resoruce videography and photography in pre-
planned, controlled access property, private and public areas. Lost River is requesting regulatory
and statutory relief pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernizatian and Reform Act of 2012

(the Reform Act) and 14 C.F.R. Part 1l to allow commercial operations of its sUAS. These
operations will be conducted pursuant to the conditions described within this request and in

accordance with those established by the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) and as required
by Section 333 of the Reform Act. Granting the requested exemption would permit the operation
of small, unmanned aircraft system under controlled conditions in airspace that is limited and
predetermined over private, controlled access property or public properly where approved and

will do so with the property owner's consent and knowledge. Only people who have consented
or otherwise agreed will be in the area where videography and photography will take place. A11
permissions, authorizations, permits, gtants or other required authorizations would be secured

prior to operation.

         Granting this exemption would enhance the already safe operations in aerial videography

and photogaphy in the aforementioned industries. This in turn fulfills the Secretary of

Transportation's (the FAA Administrator's) responsibilities to "...establish requirements for the
safe operation of such aircraft systems in the national airspace system" (The Reform Act, Section

333(c)).
The name and address of the applicant is:

Lost River Enterprises, LLC dlblalLost River Aerial

Attn:  Mr. Gregory Phillips

Telephone: (385)242-5651

Email: Gregory@lostriver.us
Address: 1780 West 9000 South

       No.408

       West Jordan, UT 84088

I. FAA authoritv for granting exemptions

         Section 333 (a) through (c) of the Reform Act required the Secretary of Transportation

". . . . to determine if certain unmanned aircraft systems may operate safely in the national

airspace system before completion of the plan and rulemaking required by section 332 of this
Act or the guidance required by section 334 of this Act."

       The Secretary is required to assess the UASs and determine if the UAS may safely

operate in the National Air Space (NAS) based upon the following criteria:

      (l) . . . their size, weight, speed, operational capability, proximity to airports and

         populated areas, and operation within visual line of sighr [emphasis added] do not create
         ahazard to users of the national airspace system or the public or pose a threat to national
          security; and

       (2) whether a certificate of waiver, certificate of authorization, or airworthiness

        certification under section 44704 of title 49, United States Code, is required for the

         operation of unmanned aircraft systems identified under paragraph (1).

        The Secretary is then required to o'. . . establish requirements for the safe operation of

such aircraft systems in the national airspace system.'o Reform Act, Sec. 333 (c). Pursuant to this
requirement the Secretary may define conditions (through the Federal Aviation Administration)
for the safe operation of the UAS.

       Granting this request for exemption would fulfill Congress' goal in passing Section

333(a) through (c) of the Reform Act and the Federal Aviation Act.

II. Request will benefit the public as a whole

         The Administrator may grant an exemption from a requirement of a regulation prescribed

under Section 333 of the Reform Act if the Administrator finds the exemption in the public

interest.

         Lost River's Unmanned Aircraft (UA) is the DJI Phantom Vision 2 rotorcraft utilizing a
Zenmuse H3-2D gimble with a GoPro Hero 3+ Black Edition digital camera, weighing 55
pounds or less, including payload. Lost River's request fits the defined criteria as established by

               Page2ofll
Congress and the FAA based upon the small size of the sUAS involved and the predetermined
environment within which it will operate. Due to the defined operational parameters there are no
national security issues. Based upon the intent and specific language as provided in Section 333
of the Reform Act and the authority of the FAA, there exist a significant public benefit for

granting this exemption.

        The ability to gather the images of nature for publication, not otherwise available to

capture, will allow states to promote tourism. This in turn will increase state and local

economies in a more economic and safe basis preserving wildlife environments. These images
can be captured with a reduction in the environmental impact as set forth in the next section of
this request. The ability to video and photograph images for the media and advertising industry
will allow for greater dexterity for a superior product which in turn increases revenue but with a

decreased expenditure.

ilI. Aircraft and Equivalent Level of Safety

       Lost River asserts that the exemption requested applies to civil aircraft (sUAS)

described within this application. The enhanced safety (set forth in detail below) is coupled
with a reduction in environmental impacts such as reduced emissions as compared to a full scale
aircraft, less expensive personnel and equipment costs, and reduced noise. These limitations
provide for at least an equivalent or even higher level of safety to operations under the current
regulatory structure because the proposed operations represent a safety enhancement to the
already safe aerial video, photography and aerial data collections operations conducted with

conventional aircraft.

       These limitations and conditions to which Lost River agrees to be bound that

provide the equivalent level of safety when conducting commercial operations under an FAA

issued exemption include:

    1. Operations limited to the DJI Phantom series aircraft which weigh less than 55 pounds

          including payload.

   2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming will not be

        conducted without an FAA approved Motion Picture and Television and Operations

          manual.

    3. The UA will not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). In no

       case will the UA be operated at airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating
       airspeed recommended by the aircraft manufacturer. (Appendix A - DJI Phantom 2 Users

          Manual).

    4. Maximum total flight time for each operational flight will be 30 minutes. Flights will be
        terminated at 25Yo battery power reserve should that occur prior to the 30 minute
         limit.

                                                       Page3ofll
5. The UA will be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level

    (AGL). Altitudes will be reported in feet AGL.

6. The UA will be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times. This

    requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than

    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

7. A1l operations will utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA will be operated within the

    visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used to

    satisfr the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS capability. The

    VO and PIC will be able to communicate verbally at all times. Electronic messaging or
    texting will not be permitted during flight operations. The PIC will be designated before
   the flight and will not transfer his or her designation for the duration of the flight. The
    PIC will enslre that the VO can perform the duties required of the VO.

8. All documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its operations in accordance with

   the conditions and limitations in a grant of exemption (hereinafter referred to as the
    operating documents) will be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the

    Administrator upon request.

9. The UA will operate only in predetermined private, controlled access or public property

    where approved and will do so with the property owner's consent and knowledge and that
    only people who have consented or otherwise have agreed will be in the area where aerial
   videography and photo$aphy will take place. A11 permissions, authorizations, permits,
    grants or other required authorizations will be secured prior to operation.

10. Any UAS that has undergone mainterance or alterations that affect the UAS operation or

   flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, will undergo a
    functional test flight prior to conducting further operations. Functional test flights will
   only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and will remain at least 500 feet from other
    people. The functional test flight will be conducted in such a manner so as to not pose an

     undue hazaxdto persons and property.

11. Lost River is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is in a
    condition for safe operation. (Appendix A:DJI Phantom 2 Users Manual; Appendix B:
    Smart Flight Battery Safety Guidelines).

12. Prior to each flight, the PIC will conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the UAS is

   in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection will account for all potential
    discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the inspection reveals
   a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft will not be operated
    until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the UAS is found to be in a
   condition for safe flight. (Appendix A - DJI Phantom 2 Users Manual).

                                                  Page4ofll
13. Lost River will follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul, replacement,
   inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and aircraft components. (See

    Appendix for manuals).

14. Each UAS operated under the exemption will comply with all manufacturer safety

    bulletins.

15. The PIC will hold either an airline transport, commercial, private, recreational, or sport
   pilot certificate. The PIC will also hold a current FAA airman medical certificate or a
    valid U.S. driver's license issued by a state, the District of Columbi4 Puerto Rico, a
   territory, a possession, or the Federal government. The PIC will also meet the flight
    review requirements specified in 14 CFR $ 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated

    on his or her pilot certificate.

16. Lost River will not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated under

    the exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and maintaining appropriate

    distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC qualification flight hours
    and currency will be logged in a manner consistent with 14 CFR $ 61.51(b). Flights for

   the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs (training, proficiency, ord

    experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to safely operate the UAS in a
   manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated under the terms of the exemption
    in accordance with the Phantom Pilot Training Guide prior to conducting conventional

   operations (See Appendix C). Training operations will only be conducted during

    dedicated training sessions. During training, proficiency, and experience-building flights,
    all persons not essential for flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC

   will operate the UA with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14
    cFR $ 91.119.

17. UAS operations will not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR $ 1.1. All

    operations will be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC).

18. The UA will not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as

    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not denoted
    with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current FAA-published

   aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's management is

   obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption holder. The letter of
   agreement with the airport management will be made available to the Administrator or

    any law enforcement official upon request.

19. The UA will not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet horizontally
    from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

24.ff the UA loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA will retum to a pre-

    determined location within the private, controlled-access or public property.

                                                  Page5ofll
21. The PIC will abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

22.The PIC will not begin a flight unless (considering wind and forecast weather conditions)
    there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the intended operation and to

    operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve power recommended by the
    manufacturer if greater.

23. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All

    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATo-issued COA. The exemption

   holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct operations that

    cannot be conducted under the terms of the granted COA.

24. All aircraft operated in accordance with the proposed exemption will be identified by
    serial number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR pafi 47, and have identification
    (N*Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings will be

     as large as practicable.

25. Documents used by Lost River to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UA and any
    documents required under 14 CFR $$ 91.9 afi91.203 will be available to the PIC at the
    Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating. These documents
    will be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

26.The UA will remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and activities at

    all times.

27.Tlte UA will not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

28. All Flight operations will be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating

     persons, vessels, vehicles, and strucfures unless:

       a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons

            from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator will ensure
           that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
            where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
            the UA, flight operations will cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety

              of nonparticipating persons; and

      b. The ownerlcontroller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission

            for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of

             the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not present
             an undue hazxd.
    The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons will not considered nonparticipating

     persons under a proposed exemption.

29. All, operations will be conducted over private, controlled-access or public property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative. Permission
   from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be obtained for each

    flight to be conducted.

                                                  Page6ofll
30. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical

    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA will be reported to
    the FAA's UAS lntegration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be

    reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions contained
    on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

31. If the exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and

    television filming and production, Lost River:

      a. Must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM) as

              approved by the Federal Aviation Administration.

      b. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by the

            proposed exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight
            Standards District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed
              filming. The 3-day notification may be waived with the concuffence of the FSDO.
              The plan of activities must include at least the following:

                 i. Dates and times for all flights;
                ii. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial

                                 filming conducted under this grant of exemption;

               iii. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-

                                 scene operation of the UAS;

                iv. Make, model, and serial orN-Number of UAS to be used;
                v. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial

                               filming;

                vi. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from

                          property owners and/or local officials to conduct the filming

                              production event; the list of those who gave permission must be

                                    made available to the inspector upon request;

               vii. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
              viii. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of

                             arry arca, city, town, county, and/or state over which filming will

                       be conducted and the altitudes essential to accomplish the

                                    operation.

32. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
    consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
    operator MPTOM.

33. The DJI Phantom Vision 2 User's Manual (Appendix A) sets forth the specifications of

    the UAS.

                                                  PageTofll
IV. Regulations from which the exemption is requested

         14 C.F.R Paqt 21. Subpart H: Airworthiness Certificates 14 C.F.R. $91.203 (a) (1)

        Subpart H, entitled Airworthiness Certificates, establishes the procedtnal requirements
for the issuance of airworthiness certificates as required by FAR $91.203 (a) (1). The Federal
Aviation Act (49 U.S.C.$44701 (0) and Section 333 of the Reform Act both authorize the

FAA to exempt aircraft from the requirement for an airworthiness certificate, upon

consideration of the size, weight, speed, operational capability, and proximity to airports and

populated areas of the particular UAS.

      Part 2l prescribes, in pertinent part, the procedural requirements for issuing and

changing design approvals, production approvals, airworthiness certificates, and airworthiness
approvals.

         Part27 sets forth airworthiness standards for normal category rotorcraft

        14 C.F.R. $61.23 (d & (c) prescribes, in pertinent part Operations requiring a medical

certificate and holding and possessing either a medical certificate issued under part 67 of this
chapter or a U.S. driver's license under certain conditions

      14 C.F.R. $61.101 (a) & (b) prescribes in pertinent part the prohibition of a

recreational pilot acting as a PIC for compensation or hire and in furtherance of a business

        la C.F.R. $61.113 (a) & (b) prescribes in pertinent part the prohibition that no person
who holds a private pilot certifrcate may act as pilot in command of an aircraft that is carrying
passengers or property for compensation or hire; nor may that person, for compensation or

hire, act as pilot in command of an aircraft.

         14 C.F.R, $61.315 (a): $61.315 presoibes in pertinent part the privileges and limits
of a sport pilot certificate.

        14 C.F.R. S 91.7(a) prescribes, in pertinent part, that no person may operate a civil
aircraft unless it is in an airworthy condition,

       14 C.F.R. $ 91.9tbl (a prohibits operation of U.S. registered civil aircraft unless there is

available in the aircraft a current approved Airplane or Rotorcraft Flight Manual, approved

manual material, markings, and placards, or any combination thereof.

       14 C.F.R. $ 91.103[bl states, in pertinent part, that each pilot in command shall,

before beginning a flight, become familiar with all available information conceming that flight, to
include, "For any flight" runway lengths at airports of intended use, and the following takeoff and
landing distance information;... For civil aircraft for which an approved Airplane or Rotorcraft
Flight Manual containing takeoff and landing distance data is required, the takeoff and landing
distance data contained therein."

                                                            Page8ofl1
        14 C.F.R. $ 91.109(a) provides that "no personmay operate a civil aircraft (except a
manned free balloon) that is being used for flight instruction unless that atrcraft has frrlly

functioning dual controls."

        Section 91.119(c) prescribes that, except when necessary for takeoff or landing, no

person may operate an aircraft below the following altitudes: "Over other than congested areas.
An altitude of 500 feet above the surface, except over open water or sparsely populated areas.

In those cases, the aircraft may not be operated closer $an 500 feet to any person, vessel,

vehicle, or structure. "

        14 C.F.R. $ 91.121 requires, in pertinent part, each person operating an aircraft to
maintain cruising altitude by reference to an altimeter that is set "to the elevation of the

departure airport or an appropriate altimeter setting available before departure."

         14 C.F.R. $ 91.151(a) prescribes that no person may begin a flight in an airplane under
VFR conditions unless (considering wind and forecast weather conditions) there is enough fuel

to fly to the first point of intended landing and, assuming normal cruising speed, (l) during

the day, to fly after that for at least 30 minutes; or (2) at night, to fly after that for at least 45

minutes.

        14 C.F.R. $ 91.203 prohibits, in subpart (a), any person from operating a civil aircraft

unless it has within it (1) an appropriate and current airworthiness certificate; and (2) an

effective U.S. registration certificate issued to its owner or, for operation within the United
States, the second copy of the Aircraft Registration Application as provided for in $ 47,31(cl.
Section 91.203 prescribes, in subpart (b), that no person may operate a civil aircraft unless an

airworthiness certificate or a special flight authorization issued under $ 91.715 legible to

passengers or crew is displayed at the cabin or cockpit entrance.

         14 C.F.R. $ 91.405 [a] requires, in pertinent part,that an aircraft operator or owner shall

have the aircraft inspected as prescribed in subpart E of the same part and shall, between

required inspections, except as provided in paragraph (c) of the same section, have

discrepancies repaired as prescribed in Part 43 ofthe chapter.

      I14 C.F.R. 91.407tallll prohibits, in pertinent part, any person from operating an

aircraft that has undergone maintenance, preventative maintenance, rebuilding, or alteration
unless it has been approved for retum to service by a person authorized under S 43.7 of the

same chapter.

         1a C.F.R. $ 91.a09[a) [2] prescribes, in pertinent part, that no person may operate an
aircraft unless, within the preceding 12 calendar months, It has had an inspection for the issuance

of an airworthiness certificate in accordance with part 2l of this chapter.

         14 C.F.R. $ 91.417[a) and [bl
These regulations require that an aircraft operator or owner *shall have that aircraft inspected as
prescribed in subpart E of this part and shall between required inspections, except as provided in

paragraph (c) of this section, have discrepancies repaired as prescribed in part 43 of this

chapter...," and others shall inspect or maintain the aircraft in compliance with Part 43.

                                                      Page9ofll
         14 C.F.R. $45.23 (b). Marking ofthe Aircraft

The regulation requires: When marks include only the Roman capital letter "N" and the
registration number is displayed on limited, restricted or light-sport category aircraft or
experimental or provisionally certificated aircraft, the operator must also display on that aircraft
near each entrance to the cabin, cockpit, or pilot station, in letters not less than2 inches nor more
than 6 inches high, the words 'limited," "restricted," "light-sport," "experimental," or
"provisional," as applicable.

Eventhough the UAS will have no airworthiness certificate, an exemption may be needed as the
UAS will have no entrance to the cabin, cockpit or pilot station on which the "Experimental" can
be placed. Given the size of the sUAS, two-inch lettering will be impossible. The word
"Experimental" will be placed on the frame in compliance with 545.29 (f) at a size suitable for
the available space. The equivalent level of safety will be provided by having the sUAS marked
on its fuselage as required by $45.29 (f) where the pilot, observer and others working with the
sUAV will see the identification of the UAS as "Experimental." The FAA has issued the
following exemptions to this regulation to Exemptions Nos. 10700, 8738, 10167 and 101674..

V. Unnp.cessary to Publish Request for Exemption in the Federal Register

    The Administrator has stated that it may:
                  'o . . . issue a summary grant when it finds it has already granted a previous

        exemption similar to the new request. Summary grants are far more efficient

       because they don't need to repeat the analysis performed for the original

         exemption on which they are based. Summary grants are a tool the FAA can use
         in all exemption areas, not just UAS.

                  The FAA's experience in reviewing the Section 333 petitions shows they

       generally fall into two categories: film/television production and aerial data
        collection. Most exemptions in these categories will likely be handled through the
       sufllmary grant process. For unique requests, the agency will still publish the
        petition in the Federal Register for public comment and will conduct a detailed

         analysis."
         Federal Aviation Administration. (2015). Petition for Exemption or Rulemaking
         Retrieved March 8,2015, from:
         http://www.faa.gov/regulations oolicigs/rulemaking/petition/#exemptions

        It is the position of Lost River that this request for exemption is similar in all material

respects to relief previously requested in Grant of Exemption Nos. 1t062, 1l109, 11110, 1lll2,

11158, 11160, 11189 and 11213 and that the reasons for granting the request also apply to the
present situation and a grant of exemption is in the public interest. Therefore, Lost River requests
the Administrator issue a sunmary grant of exemption in the instant request.

                                              Page l0 ofll
VI. Summary Languaee ifNecessary to Publish Request for Exemotion in the Federal

          Register

         Should the Administrator determine that this Request for Exemption must be published in
the Federal Register, Lost River provides the following sunmary for the publication:

         Applicant seeks an exemption from the following rules:

       14 C.F.R. $21, subpart H; 14 C.F.R a5.23(b); 14 C.F.R 61.23(a) and (c); 14 CFR

        61.101(e)(a) and (s); 14 C.F.R. gg 61.113( a) and (b); 14 CFR 61.315(a); 14 C.F.R. et.7

       (a);14 C.F.R. 91.9 (b) (D; ru C.F.R. 91.103(b); 14 C.F.R. 91.109; 14 C.F.R. et.tt9; t4
       C.F.R. 9r.t2t; 14 C.F.R. 91.151(a); 14 C.F.R. 91.203(a) and (b); 14 C.F.R. 91.405 (a);

        14 C.F.R. 91.407 (a) (1); 14 C.F.R. 91.409 (a) Q);14 C.F.R. 9t.409 (a) (2) and 14 C.F.R.
        91.417 (a) & (b) for the purpose of conducting aerial videography and photography for
        media and advertising industries and other private and public entities, and natural

         resource videography and photography in pre-planned, controlled access property, private
         and public areas commercially utilizing a small unmanned vehicle (551bs or less).
Sincerely,

Darrell J. (reen. JD
Law Offic'e of Darrell J. Green
Counsel for Lost River Enterprises,LLc dlblal Lost River Aerial

               ur//-;--

Lost River Enterprises,LLc dlblalLost River Aerial

Attachments: Appendix A - DJI Phantom 2 Users Manual
              Appendix B - Smart Flight Battery Safety Guidelines

                  Appendix C - DJI Phantom Pilot Training Guide
                  Appendix D - Zenmuse H3-2D User Manual

                                                           Page 1l of11
