May 8, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 11513
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­0470

Mr. Bryan Gonzalez
Chief Executive Officer
Luxury Aerial Shots, LLC
6826 Northeast Jacksonville Road
Ocala, FL 34479

Dear Mr. Gonzalez:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated February 23, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA)
on behalf of Luxury Aerial Shots, LLC (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption.
The exemption would allow the petitioner to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to
conduct aerial photography of real estate and other possible flight operations.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a DJI Flamewheel F550.
                                                                                                                 2

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Luxury Aerial Shots, LLC is granted an exemption
from 14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a),
91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a)
and (b), to the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data
collection. This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Luxury Aerial Shots, LLC is hereafter referred to as the operator.
                                                                                                                 3

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Flamewheel
         F550 when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of
         any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
         must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
         documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
         Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
         limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
         the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
         Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
         documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
         operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
                                                                                                            4

    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    Government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
                                                                                                            5

    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least 5 minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.
                                                                                                               6

   23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
       any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
       PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
       These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
       official upon request.

   24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
       activities at all times.

   25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

   26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
       persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
          a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
             from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
             that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
             where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
             the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
             of nonparticipating persons; and
          b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
             for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
             the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
             present an undue hazard.

       The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
       nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

   27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
       permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
       Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
       obtained for each flight to be conducted.

   28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
       boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
       to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
       reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
       contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

   29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
       as documented in this grant of exemption.
                                                                                                                 7

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                   8

This exemption terminates on May 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,
/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service
(February 23, 2015)                                                             Luxury Aerial Shots, LLC
U.S. Dept. of Transportation~ Docket Opemtions                                     CEO~ Bryan Gonzalez

West Building Ground Floor, Room wl2-140                              ; ; 6826 NE Jacksonville Rd
                                                                                    Ocala, Florida 34479
1200 New Jersey Avenue, SE
Washington, DC 20590                                                                     PH; (352)361-1932

Re: Exemption. Request onder   Section  333  of  the  FAA  Refonn.    Act  and   Part  11  of  the
Federal Aviation Regulations.

Dear Sir or Madam,
RaPnuedrgsu1ul4aantCito.tnFos.RS{."e'PcFtAaiRortsn~1;31)3~3dLeuotxafuitlhreeydFAbAeelrAoiawlMSfoohdroetthrsn,eiLzfoLaUtCioonsweaiennkgdsdaRenesfceorxirebmmedAptUciot~noaffn2ron0m1e2dF(eAtdhieerrc·ar·laRAfetfvSoi.yramstitoeAmnc..t")

THE UNMANNED AIRCRAFTSYSTEM (UAS) DETAILS:

The manufacturer is DJI. It is model F550 lightweight (5.3 lb gross   weight fully equipped)~
battery only operated 6 motor craft in the form of a hexacopter that  takes off and lands vertically.
It has been modified to carry the following equipment in flight;

· sAignnoanls-bfooarrfdligflhigthctocnotrmolpsuftreormwiathgrGoPunSdn-bavasigedatitoranna.snmditltoecra/ctoionntraobllielirt.y that receives

·  An on-board camera capable of capturing       images  in  the  form  of full  color,  high
   definition still photos and videos.

· ftItltiaginshsetmqaiuntidtpeprdeiirndecctlotuidosinenngbdaafcllktiigttuhodt iedtsaAtlGaauLfrn~ocmhhostrihitzeeo.onnta-bl oaanrddvfelirgtihctacl osmpepeudt,ecrotomtphaessond-irbeocatriodnraodfio

· bAo6ar0d0mcaWm,er5a.8pGluHs zalolnth-beofalrigdhrtaddiaotatrfaronmsmtihtteertetlheamt etrtarynssmysittesmlivdeevscidrieboedfroabmovthee. on-
                                                                           luxury Aerial Shots, LLC
                                                                              CEO~ Bryan Gonz.alez

                                                                           6826 NE Jacksonville Rd
                                                                               Or::ala, !=lorida 34479

                                                                                 PH: (352)361~1932

The Unmanned Aircraft System will be operated in the field with a PIC  in  accordance  with  FAA
Policy N 8900.227 Secti.on 14 "Operational Requirements for UAS".

Luxury Aerial Shots respectfully requests the grant of exemption allowing to operate
lightweight, remote controlled UAS's lavvfully and safely.

Luxury   Aerial Shots also respectfully requests  Exempti.on Request  Section 333  from (but not
limited  to) the Specific Sections ofTitle 14 of  the Code ofFederaJ  Regulations  and part ll ofthe
Federal  Aviation. Regulations listed below.

14 C.F.R.45.23(b); 14 CFR Part 21; 14 CFR     61.113  (a) & (b); 91.7 (a); 91.9 (b) (2); 91.103(b);
91.109; 91.119; 91.121~ 91.151(a); 91.203(a)  & (b);  91.405 (a); 91.407(a) (1); 91.409 (a) (2);

91.417 (a) & (b)

 The extent of relief Luxury Aerial Shots seeks and the reason why:

Luxury Aerial Shots is seeking relief from any applicable FARs operating to prevent Luxury

soAepecertriiaaoltnioS3nh3so1.tsTofhCreo¢mTwheeciogRnhedtfuoocfrtmtihnegAcUtlo~A'w.SLlemuvxeeeul trasyetrAhiaeelrdisaehlfoiSntsihtooiotfsnresoeafel'k'esssmttaoatelol apunendrmaotaetnhlneeegrdaploalysirscaibrsalaefts"lemfgoaaulllnfdliginht
sbtahuetsiysi~nfyeosrtshthethenapeteecrdastofeonrrstshtoaefyreehaainlrdees,atiafsftoeruradlogawebnleetds.abeRyreitaahlltesoh:FrosAtsaA.retonofltyalaloVwAeSd.toLuuxseurUy AASer'siaol rShhiortesuwnoleuslsd
atiAhnnetcdllnuetaasdsktiunetrghepationhctfe6utchrpeaeosm.ubenTurdshaisen,tehULsasuAt xaiSsunrwdayttitalAhlceebhrleeiiamdiln.iSTtaehhcdocetposUhrduyAassSenicscwaealiwlUclaiAbtpheSabfulti.shyleiaitdnitgejastwtcoseofplntelhsebieddesUeloruAawnbSdl4.ye0Ir0Jt3efist0s.smdtehpsahingbn5ee5cdaputoosuehnoodvfser
umoT1n5phadeemxreiaUrmitn4iAouu0Sntm0essfi.ftnl,mTiiwghsahehxvrti.ieecmtrihaymrruLmeenunfixanooutirmrocoynoauemAlr.tebpirmuairsaettliicabSutlhelooanfrtuseUewllAosocSuuasltideisodbn1ie.8nTumtshhiieennguaUmtoeAsonSulbyntahtuttaotetirlfLiytziuelmixsfeueb.rtayhIttteAewUreyirAlilpaSflolywSwheniolroltfsbmoeurosiiretnesst.thhTeahnaeir,

tfrAUooeAtrfSuaLSrainluft,eoxbtiuytahrccosykayvnAsteotrreeprmii.itnaaskli.plenaSlaiuphtcnlboeacatchi'cefsekcdUfoospAamrofSLemsliuiytusxi.onutnihrcyaaitftAiitothenceriaiabnslalfStoltyehsrtoa.ytnF'lsduifUreltahAonedSfr,twhitnheicteUhluG:AdfPieSvSseiasmonGloobPtwooSar.srmAd. InoaFod11teohontewhersaosttahfafetlehltoUeywAspsirSxothwttooeecroel
                                                                                                    Luxury Aerial Shots, LLC
                                                                                                        CEO- Bryan Gonzalez

                                                                                                    6826 NE Jacksonville Rd
                                                                                                   Ocala, Florida 34479
                                                                                                         PH: (352)361-1932

1HE GROUND STATION PART OF THE SYSTEM:

    · A Pilot in Command (PIC) in operational control of a flight operation from beginnmg to

         end and who controls the UAS while in the air. Additionally, the line of site ofthe UAS
         will not leave the sight of the PIC.
    · A 1OOmW, 2.4GHz radio transmitter/controller operated by the PIC to control the U.AS
         while in flight;
     · A radio receiver receiving live video and flight data from the on-board. camera and

       ·computer. It projects it all in. one screen to the Pilot in Command.

The UAS, weighing less than 6lbs fully loaded, is powered by battedes and operates with no
people on board which lowers the likelihood ofdeath or serious bodily injury. With a small
payload consisting ofharmless electronics such as a camera and GPS, the UAS;s only purpose is
to be used as a tool to take pictures and videos.
Low level aerial photos and video from several angles are far more effective than ground based
photos. Low level aerial video and pictures show the layout ofproperties with the advantage of
seeing more in one photo or short video.
Current applicants have chartered helicopters and small planes for this purpose. As an ex
Aviation Logistics Specialist in the U.S. Navy, the cost of fuel, time, and emissions of such
aircraft (helicopters and. planes) is not efficient enough for most customers to afford.
The benefits ofreduced cost and improved efficiency of the UAS allows future customers to
afford this service with a faster turnaround time at a lesser cost.
Additionally~ I respectfully request that Luxury Aerial Shots be allowed to use the UAS to
benefit possible first responders in. my area for actions that could benefit the public. Such as,
forest fires and/or search and rescue.
                                                                                                           Luxury Aerial Shots, LLC
                                                                                                                  CEO- Bryan Gonzalez

                                                                                                           6826 NE Jacksonville Rd
                                                                                                               Ocala, Florida 34479

                                                                                                                  PH: (352)361-1932

 Luxury Aerial Shots will not operate a UAS near aitports and generally does not fly over crowds.
 Situational awareness is key. The areas where Luxury Aerial Shots conducts aerial photography
 is predetermined which allows for a controlled environment to operate safely. With allowing
 Luxury Aerial Shots to conduct business with a light weight UAS, it could very well help the
 economy and benefit people in first response situations. Further, Luxury Aeri.al Shot's UAS is
 considerably lighter than the alternative which is a helicopter or small plane. Currently, Luxury
Aerial Shots has only one UAS which only operates off 18 minutes of battery power. Therefore,
 the UAS used by Luxury Aerial Shots would only have a flight time of 5 - 15 minutes at on.e
 time. The likelihood of injury or even death with such a small unmanned aircraft, compared to an
aircraft fl.o-wn by a person loaded with combustible fuel, is considerably low.

 SUMMARY:
Luxury Aerial Shots is more than willing to follow the safety guidelines ofthe FAA Policy N
 8900.227 Section 14 "Operational Requirements for UAS'1 with the appropriate exemptions for
flying a small UAS.
(a) No flight will be made with a UA Gross weight exceeding 55 poWlds;
(b) All operations must occur in FAA Class G airspace at no more than 400 ft. AGL, at an
airspeed of no tnore than 25 knots and no further than 3/4 NM from the Pilot In Charge;
(c) Operations will be restdcted to flights over private property with the permission of the
property owner;
(d) All required permits will be obtained from state and local government prior to operation;
(e) The UAS will not be operated over densely populated areas;
(f) The UAS will not be operated at air shows~
(g) Th.e UAS wi.JJ not be operated over any open-air assembly ofpeople;
(h) The UAS will n.ot be operated over heavily trafficked roads;
(i) The UAS will not be operated within 5 NM of an airport or heliport;
(j) The UAS will not be operated over properties smaller than two acres in size;
(1<) Operations will be res1ricted to day only and weather conditions equivalent to VFR;
(1) The PIC will btiefthe property owner about the operation and risk before the first flight at
each new location;
                                                                                       Luxury Ael'ial Shots, LLC
                                                                                          CEO- Bryan Gonzalez

                                                                                       6S.26 NE Jacksonville Rd
                                                                                           Ocala, Florida 34419

                                                                                             PH: {352)361-1932

(m) No flight   may be made     without a Pre-Flight Inspection by the PIC before      each    operation  to
ascertain that  the UAS i.s in  a condition safe for flight (see Appendix A).

My operations a.bove, [(a) through (m)], are the bare minimum. safety requirements Luxury
Aerial    Shots will follow. Luxury Aerial   Shots
safety    requirements if not listed above.         is  also  more  than  willing  to  follow  any  additi.onal

tmrdAheesedapnusaincntraiettntmedeggdearrnaibirttscysikorasPannfrttodeo,sfUahiUdguAeAemnSnStaemnBiienaalstiyrofcaepok.thrnEOoecsvebNtiriadnmAmeinaSalgtoeciw.Vsnoeus.Ahurlid-Sgscg'orbseees,cstpsteouuntphbbteeslmritspaaehtnoimetsoidinaotilorvaaannenndFdeduecalbmouirkngueofmaolmryreyintwcht1ieie5lmlxh,2gipes0raatoi1cdnwt5sgt.oofc"ofaAUreptx.saShebce.coiiulfnmiottdiirpveueaesssrtewer~dyhabitololefe
future". Luxury Aerial Shots believes flying its UAS as a small business~ within the safety

parameters ofthe FAA. can. help people and promote the economy.

The name and contact information ofthe applicant are:
Luxury Aerial Shots, LLC

Attn; Bryan Gonzalez

Phone: 352~361-1932

Email: LuxuryAeriaJShots@hotmail.com or Bgonza8304@live.com

With prior mjlitary experience as an Aviation Logistics Specialist in the Navy,        I understand     any
safety is paramount in. dealing with the airspace and the settings below. Please       contact me at
time if au;y additi.onal infonnation is needed or any questions transpire.

Luxury    Aerial Shots respectfully requests that the FAA grant its exemption request          without
delay. I  do look forwar:d to working with you gu,ys. Thank you for your time.

Respectfully,

~A--~

Bryan Gonzalez, CEO .
Luxury Aerial Shots, LLC
(352) 361-1932
