April 16, 2015

                                                          Exemption No. 11323
                                                          Regulatory Docket No. FAA-2015-0025

Mr. Michael Klarenbeek
M-Kopter Aerials
708 Felton Avenue
Gregory, SD 57533

Dear Mr. Klarenbeek:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

The Basis for Our Decision

By letter posted to the public docket on January 7, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation
Administration (FAA) on behalf of M-Kopter Aerials (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for
an exemption. The exemption would allow the petitioner to operate an unmanned aircraft
system (UAS) to conduct aerial videography for geographical awareness/mapping and real
estate marketing.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a DJI Inspire 1.
                                                                                                                 2

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial imaging. The FAA has issued grants of exemption
in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition. In Grants
of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352), 11109 to
Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see Docket
No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0642),
the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned aircraft (UA) with the
specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or crew, rather than a
manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in addition to flammable
fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled by this exemption is in
the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

· They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

· The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

· A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, M-Kopter Aerials is granted an exemption from
14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c),
91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b) to
the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS for the purpose of aerial
imaging. This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, M-Kopter Aerials is hereafter referred to as the operator.
                                                                                                                 3

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Inspire 1 when
         weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any other
         aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within the
         visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used to
         satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS capability.
         The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times; electronic
         messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC must be
         designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the duration
         of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties required of the
         VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
         documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
         Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
         limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
         the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
         Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
         documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
         operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
         documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
                                                                                                            4

    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update or
    revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then the
    operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's UAS
    Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding updates or
    revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g. replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g. inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and aircraft
    components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer safety
    bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
                                                                                                            5

    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current FAA-
    published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a pre-
    determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification (N-
    Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must be
    as large as practicable.
                                                                                                               6

   23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
       any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
       PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating. These
       documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
       official upon request.

   24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
       activities at all times.

   25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

   26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
       persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
          a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
             from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
             that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
             where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
             the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
             of nonparticipating persons; and
          b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
             for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
             the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
             present an undue hazard.

       The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
       nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

   27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
       permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
       Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
       obtained for each flight to be conducted.

   28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
       boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
       to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
       reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
       contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

   29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
       as documented in this grant of exemption.
                                                                                                                 7

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.

This exemption terminates on April 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service
                                             MICRO DRONE VISION

                                                                                                                                                                  LLC

December 12, 2014

U.S. Department of Transportation
Docket Management System
1200 New Jersey Ave., SE
Washington, DC 20590

         Petition of Micro Drone Vision, LLC for Exemption Pursuant to Section 333 of
         the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012.

To Whom It May Concern:

Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 and 14 CFR
Part 11, Micro Drone Vision, LLC (MDV), hereby applies for an exemption from
Federal Aviation Regulations (FARs) identified below, to allow commercial operations
of small unmanned aerial system (i.e., sUAS).

This exemption is in accordance with protocols outlined in this petition for exemption,
the enclosed MDV's Operations Manual1, MDV's UAS Aircraft Training Manual1, the
DJI UAS manufacturer's operations and/or instructions manual, DJI UAS User's
Manuals, DJI UAS Quick Start Guides, and any other requirements established by the
FAA pursuant to Section 333 of the Reform Act.

This exemption would permit commercial operation by MDV, which uses DJI Phantoms,
550S Flame Wheels, Inspire 1, and S1000 to conduct sUAS flight training, education,
real estate photography, and videography, film and movie production, and demonstration
flights. MDV's operation under the exemption will be subject to strict operating
requirements and conditions to ensure an equivalent level of safety to currently
authorized operations using manned aircraft and under conditions as may be modified by
the FAA as required by Section 333.2

_______________________

1 Micro Drone Vision submits the Operations Manual and Training Manual as a Confidential document under 14 CFR
§ 11.35(b), the entire content of both Manuals contain confidential commercial and proprietary information that MDV
has not and will not share with others. These Manuals contain operating procedures and training procedures that are
not available to the public and are protected from release under the Freedom of Information Act, 5 USC § 552 (b) (4).

2 Micro Drone Vision is filing this exemption request on its own behalf; it anticipates that its customers, in the
future, will file exemption applications to allow them to operate the DJI UAS's in commercial operations in their
own location. Those filings will be substantially similar to this exemption application.

1 Page - MDV Exemption Request
                                             MICRO DRONE VISION

                                                                                                                                                                  LLC

MDV will be operated under controlled VFR conditions at low altitude in airspace that
is permitted in accordance with MDV's approved Certificate of Authorization (COA).
They will operate the sUAS's with pilots who are current and qualified with a FAA
Pilot Certificate and only after completing MDV's training program. Finally, the FAA
ATC will approve the airspace in which the sUAS will operate in advance.

Micro Drone Vision respectfully submits this request for an exemption because it
operates sUASs. Currently, the operations of MDV will be conducting will be in lieu of
comparatively hazardous operations now conducted with fixed wing and rotary
conventional aircraft. The FAA can have confidence that the operations will be
conducted at an equivalent level or greater level of safety. Approval of this exemption
would thereby enhance safety and fulfill the Secretary of Transportation's (the FAA
Administrator's) responsibilities under Section 333(c) of the Reform Act to "establish
requirements for the safe operation of such aircraft systems in the national airspace
system."

For your convenience, MDV has organized this Exemption request as follows:

           I. Petitioner's Description

           II. Relevant Statutory Authority

           III. Qualifications for Approval Under Section 333 of the Reform Act

           IV. Description of Proposed Operations

           V. Regulations From Which Exemption is Requested

           VI. Public Interest

           VII. Privacy

           VIII. Federal Registry Summary

           IX. Conclusion

I. Petitioner's Description:

Micro Drone Vision, LLC, headquartered in Tampa, Florida, is a company that
provides sUAS flight training, support to news services, real estate photography, film
and movie production, education, and demonstration flights in a compliant and safe
environment. MDV plans on providing a wide range of services as the sUAS market
expands.

2 Page - MDV Exemption Request
                                             MICRO DRONE VISION

                                                                                                                                                                  LLC

The management at MDV has over 62 years experience in aviation and over 3 years
combined experience operating sUAS's. The Director of Operations is a current Private
Pilot ASEL. The Chief Pilot has an ATP certificate, accumulated over 15,000 hours of
flight time, and is current in HS-125's, LRJETs, King Air's, and ASES's. The Chief
Pilot is intimately familiar with operational control procedures and overseeing the safe
operations of an aviation event. The Manger has eight years working video production
and understands the requirements to integrate the sUAS into the movie sets.

MDV's goal is to operate in an accident-free environment by:

           Demonstrating a commitment by management and all employee's to
                   operator in a compliant manner.

           Identify hazard and risk while eliminating or controlling all these risk.
                   They will use steps to intervene and report when unsafe work practices
                   appear to exist.

           Train all employees involved in flight operations to operate at the
                   highest standard level.

 The contact information for Petitioner is as follows:

 Micro Drone Vision, LLC
 20125 Heron Crossing Drive
 Tampa, FL 33647

 Member Managers:
 Bonnie Edwards
 Office: 813-449-2454
 Cell: 321-505-2920

Justin W. Newcomb
Cell: 30- 270-8665

II. Relevant Statutory Authority:

This petition for exemption is submitted to fulfill Congress' goal in passing Section
333(a) through (c) of the Reform Act. Congress has directed the FAA "to safely
accelerate the integration of civil unmanned aircraft systems into the national airspace
system." Pursuant to Section 333 of the Reform Act, the FAA Administrator is to
consider whether certain unmanned aircraft systems may operate safely in the National
Airspace ("NAS") before completion of the formal UAS rulemaking, based on the

3 Page - MDV Exemption Request
                                MICRO DRONE VISION

                                                                                                  LLC

following considerations:

               · The UAS's size, weight, speed, and operational capability;

               · Operation of the UAS in close proximity to airports and populated areas;
                   and

               · Operation of the UAS within the visual line of sight of the operator.3

If the Secretary determines that such vehicles "may operate safely in the National
Airspace System, the Secretary shall establish requirements for the safe operation of
such aircraft in the National Airspace System".

Additionally, the FAA Administrator has general authority to grant exemptions from its
safety regulations and minimum standards when the Administrator decides a requested
exemption is in the public interest. A party requesting an exemption must explain the
reasons why the exemption: (1) would benefit the public as a whole, and (2) would not
adversely affect safety (or how it would provide a level of safety at least equal to the
existing rules).

The Federal Aviation Act expressly grants the FAA the authority to issue exemptions.
This statutory authority, by its terms, includes exempting civil aircraft, as the term is
defined under 40101 of the Act, from the requirement that all civil aircraft must have a
current airworthiness certificate and those regulations requiring commercial pilots to
operate aircraft in commercial service:

             The Administrator may grant an exemption from a requirement
             of a regulation prescribed under subsection (a) or (b) of this
             section or any of sections.

III. Qualifications for Approval Under Section 333 of the Reform Act

The proposed operations in this petition for exemption qualify for expedited approval
under Section 333 of the Reform Act. Each of the statutory criteria and other relevant
factors are satisfied.

The proposed operations would permit MDV the use of small UAS under controlled
conditions in airspace that is: (1) predetermined; (2) controlled as to access; and that
(3) provides an increased level of safety beyond that existing when fixed or rotor wing
aircraft are used to accomplish the same purpose.

_________________________

3 MDV's submission places a duty on the Administrator to not only process applications for exemptions under
Section 333, but for the Administrator, if he deems the conditions proposed herein require modification in order to
allow approval, to supply conditions for the safe operation of the sUAS. MDV welcomes the opportunity to consult
with FAA staff in order to address any issues or concerns that this proposal may raise that they believe may require
modification.

4 Page - MDV Exemption Request
                                             MICRO DRONE VISION

                                                                                                                                                                  LLC

MDV uses UASs that are multirotor, weighing less than 25 pounds including payload.
They operate, under normal conditions, at speeds not to exceed 45 mph and have the
capability to hover, and move in the vertical and horizontal plane. MDV's UASs will
operate in line of sight, during daylight hours, and will only operate within a sterile
area described in the enclosed Operations Manual. MDV will operate at or below 400
feet AGL and will file a NOTAM for each flight operated in controlled airspace. All
required permissions and permits would be obtained from territorial, state, county or
city jurisdictions, including local law enforcement, fire, or other appropriate
governmental agencies prior to operating a sUAS.

Given the small size of the sUAS's involved and the restricted sterile environment
within which they will operate, this MDV's exemption falls within the zone of safety
and demonstrate an equivalent level of safety, in which Congress desired the FAA to
permit commercial UAS operations by exemption pending completion of formal
rulemaking. Also, due to the size of the sUAS's and the confined area in which the
sUAS's will operate, approval of the application presents no hazard in the NAS.

Considering the clear direction in Section 333 of the Reform Act, the authority
contained in the Federal Aviation Act, as amended, the equivalent level of safety
surrounding the proposed operations, and the significant public benefit, the grant of
the requested exemptions is also in the public interest.

IV. Description of Proposed Operations

The enclosed Operations Manual describes, in detail, the policies and procedures for
MDV's proposed sUAS operations. To assist the FAA in its safety assessment of
MDV's proposed sUAS operations, below is a summary of operational limitations and
conditions that will ensure an equivalent or higher level of safety to operations
conducted under current regulatory guidelines:

          1. The sUAS will weigh less than 25 pounds.

          2. Flights will be operated within line of sight of the PIC and observer.

          3. Maximum total flight time for each operational flight will be limited
                   to the amount of time the sUAS can be flown and still maintain a
                   reserve battery power of no less than 25%.

          4. Flights will be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet AGL.

          5. Flights will be operated at a lateral distance of least 100 feet from any
                   inhabited structures, buildings, vehicles, vessels, people not associated
                   with the operation or who have not signed a waiver in advance of the
                   operation.

5 Page - MDV Exemption Request
                                             MICRO DRONE VISION

                                                                                                                                                                  LLC

          6. Minimum crew for each operation will consist of the sUAS
                   Pilot in Command and a Visual Observer. Additional
                   crewmembers consist of a Pilot and a Camera Operator.

          7. The sUAS Pilot in Command will be an FAA licensed airman
                   with at least a private pilot's certificate, third class medical, and a
                   current check required by14 CFR Part 61.56 in an aircraft in
                   which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

          8. MDV will designate a Pilot in Command ("PIC") for each mission.

          9. The sUAS will operate only within a confined "Sterile Area" as
                   defined in the Operations Manual.

          10. Prior to the operations at a particular location, a site inspection will
                   have been conducted. On the day of the mission the management
                   person with operational control and the PIC will concur on
                   dispatching of the mission.

          11. In accordance with Operations Manual a briefing will be conducted in
                   regard to the planned sUAS operations prior to each day's missions. It
                   will be mandatory that all personnel who will be performing duties
                   within the boundaries of the sterile area be present for this briefing.

          12. MDV crew will use the checklist and callouts required in the
                   Operations Manual.

          13. All sUAS's will be maintained in accordance with inspection program
                   specified in the MDV's Operations Manual and in compliance with the
                   manufacturer's guidelines.

          14. In the event of an accident involving an MDV sUAS, they will cease
                   operations and report the accident to the NTSB and AFS-80.

          15. Pilot in Command and Visual Observer will at all times be
                   able to communicate by voice.

          16. Pilot in Command, Pilot, Camera Operator, Visual Observer, and
                   Operational Personnel will have been trained and tested in accordance
                   to MDV's UAS Aircraft Training Manual.

6 Page - MDV Exemption Request
                                             MICRO DRONE VISION

                                                                                                                                                                  LLC

          17. All required permissions and permits would be obtained from
                   territorial, state, county or city jurisdictions, including local law
                   enforcement, fire or other appropriate governmental agencies.

          18. In compliance with approved Waiver, MDV management will submit
                   a written "Plan of Activities" to the local Flight Standards District
                   Office (FSDO) having jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming
                   three days in advanced of operations during film or movie
                   productions.

          19. If the sUAS loses communications signal, the sUAS will have the
                   capability to return to a pre-determined location within the Sterile Area
                   and land.

          20. Contingency plans will be in place to safely terminate flight if there
                   is a loss of communication between the pilot and the observer.

          21. The sUAS has the capability to abort a flight in case of
                   unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

          22. MDV, by following procedures listed in the Operations Manual will
                   assure no individuals' privacy is violated.

          23. Procedures have been established in MDV's Operations Manual to
                   contact ATC prior to operating in airspace other than G.

V. Regulations From Which Exemption is Requested

           A. 14 CFR § Part 61.113 (a) and (b) Private Pilot Privileges and
                    Limitations; Pilot in Command

           B. 14 CFR § 91.103: Preflight Action

           C. 14 CFR § 91.113: Right-of-Way Rules

           D. 14 CFR § 91.119 (c): Minimum Safe Altitudes

           E. 14 CFR § 91.121: Altimeter Settings

           F. 14 CFR § 91.151(b): Fuel Requirements for Flight in VFR
                     Conditions

           G. 14 CFR § 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(2); 91.417(a) and (b):
                    Maintenance Inspections

7 Page - MDV Exemption Request
                                             MICRO DRONE VISION

                                                                                                                                                                  LLC

A. 14 CFR § Part 61.113 (a) and (b) Private Pilot Privileges and Limitations;
         Pilot in Command

         Section 61.113(a) & (b) limit private pilots to non-commercial operations. Unlike
         a conventional aircraft that carries a pilot, passengers, and cargo, the DJI sUAS's
         are remotely controlled with no passengers or property of others on board. MDV
         respectfully proposes that the FAA should take into account the characteristics
         and procedures of the particular UAS.

         Micro Drone Vision proposes that the actual operation of the DJI sUAS does
         not require the Pilot to hold a private pilot certificate. Instead, the actual site
         operation requires a private pilot certificate. MDV proposes the following
         requirements:

    · Pilot in Command Requirements:
         1. The PIC must possess a Private Pilot's Certificate and a valid third-class
             medical certificate;
         2. The PIC must have accumulated and logged a minimum of 200 flight cycles
             and 25 hours of total time as a UAS pilot and at least 10 hours logged as a
             UAS pilot with a similar UAS type (single blade or multirotor) and 5 hours in
             type of UAS aircraft.
         3. The PIC must have accumulated and logged a minimum of five hours as
             UAS pilot with the make and model of UAS to be utilized for operations
             under the exemption and three takeoffs and landings in the preceding 90 days.
         4. The PIC must have successfully completed the qualification process as
             specified in the MDV Operations Manual and MDV Training Program, to
             include a knowledge and skill test.
         5. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in 14 CFR
             Part 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot
             certificate.

    · Pilot Requirements:

         1. The Pilot must have accumulated and logged a minimum of 200 flight cycles
             and 25 hours of total time as a UAS rotorcraft pilot and at least 10 hours
             logged as a UAS pilot with a similar UAS type (single blade or multirotor).

         2. The Pilot must have accumulated and logged a minimum of five hours as
             UAS pilot with the make and model of UAS to be utilized for operations
             under the exemption and three takeoffs and landings in the preceding 90 days.

         3. The Pilot must have successfully completed the qualification process as
             specified in the MDV Operations Manual and MDV Training Program, to
             include a knowledge and skill test.

       4. The Pilot must have successfully completed the recurrent requirements as
             specified in MDV Training Program within the last 12 calendar months.

8 Page - MDV Exemption Request
                            MICRO DRONE VISION

                                                                                              LLC

Equivalent Level of Safety

Micro Drone Vision utilizes both a PIC and a Pilot to increase safety during flight
operations. While the Pilot is concentrating on flying the UAS the PIC has the ability
oversee safety of the entire operations. The PIC will always remain within 10 feet of the
Pilot when the UAS is airborne to assist or take over if an emergency should happen.

Procedures developed by Micro Drone Vision far exceed the current safety requirements
established by the FAA. Micro Drone Vision respectfully requests the option to use a
two pilot crew and the second crewmember not having to possess a private pilot
certificate.

B. 14 CFR § 91.103: Preflight Action

MDV requests an exemption from the preflight actions requirements of 14
CFR 91.113 that prescribes the preflight actions under which aircraft may operate:

Each pilot in command shall, before beginning a flight, become familiar with all
available information concerning that flight.

     (a) Flight under IFR or a flight not in the vicinity of an airport, weather reports and
          forecasts, fuel requirements, alternatives available if the planned flight cannot
          be completed, and any known traffic delays of which the pilot in command has
          been advised by ATC;

     (b) For any flight, runway lengths at airports of intended use, and the following
          takeoff and landing distance information:
              (1) For civil aircraft for which an approved Airplane or Rotorcraft Flight
                  Manual containing takeoff and landing distance data is required, the
                  takeoff and landing distance data contained therein; and
             (2) For civil aircraft other than those specified in paragraph (b)(1) of this
                  section, other reliable information appropriate to the aircraft, relating to
                  aircraft performance under expected values of airport elevation and
                  runway slope, aircraft gross weight, and wind and temperature.

MDV will not operate sUAS's under IFR conditions or when the ceilings are below
1000 feet and the visibility is below 3 statute miles. DJI's sUAS's do not have published
approved Airplane or Rotorcraft Flight Manual containing takeoff and landing distance
data.

Equivalent Level of Safety

Located in MDV Operations Manual are procedures describing steps the PIC along with
the person having operational control must follow to assure that the weather will be
adequate to complete the mission in VFR condition. Since MDV operates in Florida

9 Page - MDV Exemption Request
                                             MICRO DRONE VISION

                                                                                                                                                                  LLC

where the density altitude is never usually above 2000 feet, UAS performance is not
affected. When MDV is allowed to operate in other parts of the United States the UAS
used in those locations will be test flown at gross weight to test performance limitations
prior to conducting commercial operations.

C. 14 CFR 91.113: Right-of-Way Rules

MDV request an exemption from 14 CFR 91.113 Right-of-way rules, requiring
vigilance by each person operating an aircraft so as to see and avoid other aircraft. When
a rule of this section gives another aircraft the right-of-way, the pilot shall give way to
that aircraft and may not pass over, under, or ahead of it unless well clear.

Micro Drone Visions operates small pilotless UAS's and cannot comply with these rules
as they have been written.

Equivalent Level of Safety

MDV operates sUAS's at or below an altitude of 400 feet AGL, well below the normal
operating altitude of other aircraft. MDV Operations Manual specifies that a Pilot in
Command with experience will oversee each mission and has knowledge of the avoid
rules. A Visual Observer will assist the PIC in looking for aircraft entering the operations
area. It's the responsibility of the PIC to cease operations and land the UAS immediately
whenever and aircraft comes into the vicinity creating a potential threat. Operations
cannot recommence until the threat is clear.

D. 14 CFR. § 91.119: Minimum Safe Altitudes

MDV requests an exemption from the minimum safe altitude requirements of 14
CFR 91.119 that prescribes the minimum safe altitudes under which aircraft may
operate:

    · Over any congested area of a city, town, or settlement, or over any open air
         assembly of persons, an altitude of 1,000 feet above the highest obstacle within
         a horizontal radius of 2,000 feet of the aircraft.

    · Over other than congested areas at an altitude of 500 feet above the surface,
         except over open water or sparsely populated areas. In those cases, the aircraft
         may not be operated closer than 500 feet to any person, vessel, vehicle, or
         structure.

Section 91.119 (d) allows for a helicopter to operate at less than those minimum
altitudes when it can be operated "without hazard to persons or property on the
surface," provided that "each person operating the helicopter complies with any routes
or altitudes specifically prescribed for helicopters by the FAA."

To provide the intended operations, the sUAS is normally operated below 400 feet

10 Page - MDV Exemption Request
                                              MICRO DRONE VISION

                                                                                                                                                                  LLC

AGL. Additionally, due to the nature of the proposed operations, the sUAS will
maintain a lateral distance of at least 100 feet from inhabited structures, buildings,
vehicles, and vessels, and from people not associated with the operation.

Equivalent Level of Safety

Compared to flight normal aircraft, MDV's multi-rotor aircraft weigh a maximum of
25 pounds, and given the lack of flammable fuel, any risk associated with these
operations is far less than those that presently exist with conventional aircraft. An
equivalent level of safety will be achieved given the size, weight, and speed of the
UAS, as well as the location where it is operated. As set forth in the Operations
Manual, the sUAS will be operated in a sterile area, where buildings and people will
not be exposed to operations without their pre-obtained consent. Because of the
advance notice to the property owners and participants, all affected individuals will be
well aware of the planned flight operations as set forth in the Operations Manual.

Furthermore, by operating at such lower altitudes, the sUAS will not interfere with
aircraft that are subject to the minimum safe altitude regulations. Finally, the
successful safety record of the DJI sUAS's demonstrates that the sUAS can be safely
used at these lower altitudes and closer operating environments.

E. 14 C.F.R. § 91.121: Altimeter Settings

MDV seeks an exemption from 14 CFR 91.121, which requires a person operating an
aircraft to maintain cruising altitude or flight level by reference to an altimeter that is
set to the elevation of the departure airport or barometric pressure. An exemption is
required because the sUAS does not have a barometric altimeter, but rather a GPS
altitude read out.

Equivalent Level of Safety

An equivalent level of safety will be achieved by following the procedures set forth in
the Operations Manual. MDV will confirm the altitude of the launch site shown on
the GPS altitude indicator before flight. Moreover, the PIC will use the GPS altitude
indicator to constantly monitor the sUAS's height, thus ensuring operation at safe
altitudes.

F. 14 CFR 91.151(a): Fuel Requirements for Flight in VFR Conditions

MDV requests an exemption from 14 CFR § 91.151(a)'s fuel requirements for flight in
VFR conditions. Section 91.151 states:

          (a) No person may begin a flight in an airplane under VFR conditions
                   unless (considering wind and forecast weather conditions) there is
                   enough fuel to fly to the first point of intended landing, and
                   assuming normal cruising speed ­

11 Page - MDV Exemption Request
                                              MICRO DRONE VISION

                                                                                                                                                                  LLC

                   (1) During the day, to fly after that for at least 25 minutes; or
                   (2) At night, to fly after that for at least 45 minutes.

The batteries powering MDV's UAS's provide approximately 10-18 minutes of
powered flight. To meet the 30 minutes reserve requirement in 14 CFR 91.151, sUAS
flights could not be conducted. Given the limitations on the sUAS's proposed flight
area and the location of its proposed operations within a predetermined area, a safety
margin based on a reserve amount of battery life is needed.

MDV will not be conducting any sUAS flights at night.

Equivalent Level of Safety

An equivalent level of safety will be achieved because the operations will be conducted
on-site without significant transit time by the sUAS. All flights will be planned to
terminate with no less than 25% reserve battery power still available. This restriction
would be more than adequate to return the sUAS safely to its planned landing zone
from anywhere in its confined area of operation even in the event of an unexpected
occurrence. Operation of the sUAS with less than 30 minutes of reserve fuel does not
include the type of risks that Section 91.151(a) was intended to alleviate given the size
and speed of the small UAS, and the proximity of the flight operation to the landing
zone. Moreover, operation will be limited to controlled areas where only people and
property owners, or official representatives who have signed waivers will be allowed.

G. 14 CFR § 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(2); 91.417(a) and (b):
         Maintenance Inspections

MDV also seeks an exemption from the maintenance inspection requirements contained
in 14 CFR 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(2), 91.417(a) and (b). These regulations
specify maintenance and inspection standards in reference to 14 CFR Part 43. 14 CFR
91.405(a) (stating that each owner or operator of an aircraft "shall have the aircraft
inspected as prescribed in subpart E of this part and shall between required inspections
...have discrepancies repaired as prescribed in part 43 of this chapter"). An exemption
to these regulations is needed because Part 43 and these sections only apply to aircraft
with an airworthiness certificate, which the sUAS will not have.

Equivalent Level of Safety

An equivalent level of safety will be achieved because maintenance and inspections
will be performed in accordance with the MDV Operations Manual and DJI User's
Manuals. As provided in the Operations Manual, the operator will ensure that the
sUAS is in working order prior to initiating flight, perform required maintenance, and
keep a log of any maintenance performed. The operator is the person most familiar
with the aircraft and best suited to maintain the aircraft in an airworthy condition to
provide the equivalent level of safety.

12 Page - MDV Exemption Request
                                              MICRO DRONE VISION

                                                                                                                                                                  LLC

If mechanical issues arise, the sUAS's size and carrying capacity, and the fact that flight
operations will only take place in restricted areas for limited periods of time during
daylight hours, creates less risk than that associated with conventional rotorcraft
performing the same operation.

VI. PUBLIC INTEREST

Granting Micro Drone Vision, LLC an exemption furthers the public interest. National
policy set by Congress favors early integration of UAS into the national airspace in
controlled, safe working environments such as those propose in this petition. The one
vision of MDV is to help facilitate safe integration of sUAS's into mainstream USA
in the following areas:

    · Movies and Videography

         Whether the shot requires unique views and expansive panning or extreme
         altitude with radical views, the UAS is designed to hold up under demanding
         conditions. Because of the autopilot feature with pre-designed mission
         management and R/C control interrupt, the pilot and camera operator can easily
         create the ultimate shot with HD video or HD still photos. When working close
         in on a closed set the hazards to the actors are greatly reduced due to the size of
         the sUAS.

    · News Gathering

         Similar to movies and videography, each news assignment may require a
         completely different shot or view of a scene. With budgets for traditional
         helicopter use being greatly reduced, the UAS is the perfect solution to allow for
         easy news gathering for a fraction of the cost. The sUAS can and will be
         operated in a sterile area away from the public, while the traditional helicopter
         must hovers over persons and property increasing the danger to individuals.

    · Real Estate

         The sUAS can be used in all areas of real estate, including commercial,
         residential and industrial properties. Using a sUAS, real estate professionals can
         create promotional videos, photos and unique shots that normal camera aspects
         cannot capture. MDV's easy-to-use video and photo platform enables properties
         to stand out, providing dazzling views that are typically shown via expensive
         computer animation or costly helicopter rentals. Imagine shooting a view from a
         high-rise condo in stunning high definition that shows your potential customer
         the actual view from the residence. The remote platform is great for new
         planning, zoning and large developments. Simple and easy-to-use video and
         photos allow for multiple height pictures and elevation views.

13 Page - MDV Exemption Request
                                             MICRO DRONE VISION

                                                                                                                                                                  LLC

    · Fire and Rescue

         MDV would introduce and demonstrate to fire and rescue personnel the sUAS's
         reliability and the capability to perform in extreme situations. The ability to offer
         real time HD and IR video facilitates placing personnel and equipment in the
         right places. Also, with modern FLIR cameras, areas can be identified for
         potential `hot spots' and additional focus without putting personnel at risk.
         MDV's mission is to assist governmental agencies safely into the NAS.

    · Law Enforcement and SWAT

         MDV would introduce and demonstrate to Law enforcement officers that sUAS
         excel in rapid deployment and challenging situations. Most sUAS's deploy in
         less than 5 minutes. MDV is working with a manufacturer that has developed a
         sUAS that will deploy in 1 minute. With a video package, the sUAS provides
         law enforcement with seamless incident situational awareness, tactical support
         and accident photography. Using the sUAS, police and SWAT can quickly
         assess potential threats; take HD photos of a crime scene or FLIR video of an
         area to find hidden threats.

    · Agriculture and Conservation

         MDV would introduce and demonstrate to farmers of all types that the sUAS can
         aid commercial agriculture, land management and conservation efforts by
         assessing crops, mapping flood zones, measuring snow pack and more. The
         sUAS can fly pre-saved missions via the fully automated ground station, which
         allows for time-lapse photos of fields, crops and known land tracts. It also can
         accurately recreate the same pattern during all seasons, providing invaluable data
         for land and soil management. Using HD video, HD photos, and IR cameras
         allows for detailed analysis and recording. With photo rendering software, 3D
         maps and topography can be used in conjunction with time-lapse photos to create
         highly detailed maps for erosion, flood mapping and other critical aspects of land

       management.

 VII. Privacy

Micro Drone Vision has established a chapter in their Operations Manual to protect the
public privacy. MDV knows that many individual have concerns about privacy from
the operations of sUAS's. MDV has created a privacy notice that informs residents,
commercial property owners, churches, schools, and governmental organizations of
our intent to conduct commercial drone operations in proximity to their property.

14 Page - MDV Exemption Request
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     M IC RO D R ONE VISI ON

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      L LC

V II I                                                                  F e d e r a l R e g is t r y Su m m a r y
                                                                     .

P u r su a n t to                                                                                  14 C F R Pa r t                                                        11                 t he         fo ll o w in g                  s u mm a ry                                   is pr o v ide d fo r p u blic a t io n                             in the
                                                                                                                                                                                          ,

F e d e r a l R e g i s t e r , s h o u l d i t b e d e t e r m i n e d th a t p u b l i c a t i o n i s n e e d e d :                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           i'

M i c r o D r o n e V i s i o n , L L C s e e k s a n e x e m p t i o n f r o m t h e f o Uo w m g r u l e s :                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  *                                                                           '

14 C F R                                                                                                  61                                     1 13
                                                                                                                                              .
                                                                        ( )P a r                   t                                                         a   an d                        (b ) ; 14                       CF R    9    1                 103                 ;   14  CFR   9      1                 1 13;       14  CFR      9 1 1 19 -                                14
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         .                                                          .                                                                  .
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ^

CFR                                                                     9 1 . 12 1 ;                      14                                     CFR         9 1 . 15 1(a );                              14 C F R                   9    1                 4 0 5 (a                );  14 C FR                        9 1. 4 0 7 (a )( 1) ;    14 C F R ;
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         .

9  1                 4 0 9 (a                                           )(2)                           ;  14                                     C FR           9 1 4 17                                  (a ) &             (b ).
                  .                                                                                                                                                                                    .

MA p p r o v a l o f t h i s e x e m p t i o n r e q u e s t a l l o w s                                                                                                                                                                                       D V t o c o n du c t c o m m e r c ia l o pe r a t io n s

Mw i t h s m a l l a n d l i g ht w e i g h t
                                                                                                                                                                                             u n mann                        ed     a e r ia l              sy     ms t e               s.    D V O n e V is io n is t o

e n h a n c e s a fe t y o f s U A S o p e r a t i o n s in t h e N A S w h i l e r e d u c i n g r i s k t o t h e g e n e r a l
p u b l i c a n d p r o p e r t y wo n e r s .

T he                 D JI                                               sU                         A      S         w e i g hi n g                                        le s s                          tha n   25 p o u n ds a n d p o w e r e d by ba t te r ie s ,                                                                         e lim in a t e s
                                                                                                                 ,

v i r t u a l ly a l l o f t h a t r i s k g i v e n t h e r e d u c e d m a s s a n d l a c k o f c o m b u s t i b l e f u e l c a r r i e d

b do n                                                                                             T h e s U A S i s t r a n s p o r t e d t o t h e d e s i g n a t e d m i s s i o n a r e a a n d s e t u p ht e r e .
                     o ar .                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      i

T he s U A S w i ll c ar r y n o                                                                                                                                 pa s se n ge r s                                            or  crew                       an d                   the r e fo r e ,     w il l n o t e x p o se th e m t o                                                                C
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             ,

t h e r i s k s a s s o c i a t e d w i t h m a n n e d a ir c r a f t f l i g ht s .

T h e o pe r a t io n o f t hi s s m a l l U A S w ill p r o v ide a n e q u iv a le n t l e v e l o f s a f e t y , su p p o rt in g
t h e g r a n t o f th e e x e m p t io n s r e q u e s t e d h e r e i n , in c l u d in g e x e m p t in g th e a p p li c a n t fr o m

th e                 m mr e q u i r e m e n t s o f s e v e r a l r e gu l a t i o n s a n d a l l o w m g c o                                                                                                                                                                                          e r c i a l o pe r a t io n s .            T he se

l i gh t w e i g h t s U A S ' s o p e r a t e                                                                                                                                                            a t s lo w         sp e e  ds                     c  lo               se  to  th e  gr     o  un             d           a n d in  a  ste r ile
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ,                                                                               ,

e n v i r o n m e tn .                                                                                    As                                     a     r  e  su  lt       th ey                           ar e far               sa fe r                    th a n c o n v e n t io n a l a e r ial su r v e y a n d
                                                                                                                                                                       ,

in s p e c t i o n o p e r a t i o n s c o n du c t e d w i t h f i x e d w i n g fa n c- r a t o r h e l i c o p t e r s .

I f a dditi o n a l in f o r m at io n                                                                                                                           is       r equ                           ir e   d           or     if y o u                   ha v e an y qu e st io n s r e gar din g thi s
                                                                                                                                                                                                                          ,

Pe t it io n f o r Ex e m pti o n , p l e a s e c o n ta c t the u n de r s ign e d a t :                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      %

V ery                tr u l y                                                                      yo  u  r         s
                                                                                                                         ,

MB o n n i e                                                            L
                                                                                                .  E dw ar ds                                       ,           an a ger

M ic r o D r o n e V i sio n , L L C

Ce ll P h o n e : 3 2 1- 5 0 5 - 2 92 0

@E m a i l : b o n n i e m i c r o d r o n e v i s i o n . c o m

M1 5 P a g e -                                                                                     D V E x e m p t io n R e q u e s t
