May 5, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 11483
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­0282

Mr. William E. Lord
Maine HDTV
P.O. Box 7297
Cape Porpoise, ME 04014

Dear Mr. Lord:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated January 31, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA)
on behalf of Maine HDTV (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption. The
petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct residential and
commercial aerial photography.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a DJI Phantom 2 Vision+.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
                                                                                                                 2

provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Maine HDTVis granted an exemption from 14 CFR
§§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121,
91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to the
extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Maine HDTV is hereafter referred to as the operator.
                                                                                                                 3

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom 2
         Vision+ when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations
         of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
         must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
         documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
         Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
         limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
         the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
         Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
         documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
         operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
         documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
                                                                                                            4

    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
                                                                                                            5

    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.
                                                                                                               6

   23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
       any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
       PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
       These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
       official upon request.

   24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
       activities at all times.

   25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

   26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
       persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
          a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
             from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
             that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
             where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
             the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
             of nonparticipating persons; and
          b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
             for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
             the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
             present an undue hazard.

       The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
       nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

   27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
       permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
       Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
       obtained for each flight to be conducted.

   28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
       boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
       to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
       reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
       contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

   29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
       as documented in this grant of exemption.
                                                                                                                 7

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                   8

This exemption terminates on May 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,
/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service
Maine~                             I

HDTV

2 Shore Road, Biddeford, ME 04005

                                                                                                                January 31, 2015

 Docket Operations, M-30
 U.S. Department of Transportation
 1200 New Jersey Avenue, SE
 Room W12-140, West Ground Floor
 Washington, DC 20590-0001

 Subject: Petition for Exception

 I, William Lord, of 189 Mills Road in Kennebunkport, Maine 04046 (Mail: PO Box 7297, Cape
 Porpoise, ME 04014) hereby petition the FAA for an exemption from various sections of 49 USC
 of Federal Aviation Regulations. I am associated with Maine HDTV of 2 Shore Road, Biddeford,
 ME 04005, and will be the Pilot in Charge of any aerial photography, following approval of this
 request.

 Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012, Public Law 112-95, I
 request certain exemptions in order to conduct residential and commercial aerial photography
 (henceforth meaning still and/or video) using a small Unmanned Aircraft System- the Phantom
 2 Vision+.

 Sincerely,

./V~C'¥8(

 William E. Lord
 PO Box 7297
 Cape Porpoise, Maine 04014

 W lord 1 ~ ~@ jM.c.i \. C 0 tn..

                                      1
Overview:

I, William Lord, of 189 Mills Road in Kennebunkport, Maine 04046 (Mail: PO Box 7297, Cape
Porpoise, ME 04014) hereby petition the FAA for an exemption from various sections of 49 USC
of Federal Aviation Regulations. I am associated with Maine HDTV of 2 Shore Road, Biddeford,
ME 04005, and will be the Pilot in Charge of any aerial photography, following approval of this
request.

Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012, Public Law 112-95, I
request certain exemptions in order to conduct residential and commercial aerial photography
(henceforth meaning still and/or video) using a small Unmanned Aircraft System- the Phantom
2 Vision+. The aircraft consists of four de motors with rotors, powered by a Lithium battery and
managed by an on board flight control system that is remotely accessed by the Pilot in Charge
using a portable control unit.

The remote control unit is a wireless communication device using the 5.8GHz frequency band.
Real-time viewing of the on board camera is enabled through a Wi-Fi video link within the
2.4GHz frequency band. Both frequencies are approved by the FCC for limited-range
communication purposes.

The Phantom 2 Vision+ (known as 'Phantom' for this request) has a maximum payload ofless
than three pounds including the camera (1350 grams or 2.976 poundsL has a maximum
forward speed of 29.16 knots (not recommended by the manufacturer -I would fly from 0-15
knots) and is managed by a sophisticated GPS control system that assures a Return To Home
(RTH) procedure in the event of Loss of Signal (LOS). That same system can set maximum height
and distance so the UA does not exceed preferred parameters. In addition, the control system
has a No Fly Zone feature that will prevent takeoff from within Controlled/Restricted Airspace
and warn the PIC of an impending intrusion when in flight. The manufacturer, DJI, regularly
updates software and firmware. The latest versions, including the addition of the Washington,
DC area No-Fly Zones, have been updated to include a 25km radius in Washington, DC
(Attachment #1- Phantom Vision+ Manuat January 30, 2915 ***Attachment #2- Phantom 2
Release Notes)

I, William Lord, will use the UAS in daytime only to enhance real estate marketing for Realtors
in the York Country, Southern Maine area (Scarborough to Kittery)- showing views of
properties currently unattainable by still or aviation photography and will work with local non-

profits to enhance their missions- including, but not limited to, the Kennebunkport

Conservation Trust and the Kennebunkport Fire Department.

I will operate the quad-copter is a safe manner, using the following pre-flight check list and
operating procedures to determine that the aircraft is physically and electronically ready for
safe flight and that permission from the property owner/representative is received:

                                                                                                                                            2
Pre-flight Checklist:

     · If required, notify the appropriate FAA facility of our launch schedule and location.

    · Survey the property for hazards- trees, utility poles and other elements that might

          compromise the flight, then make a judgment as to whether to proceed.
     · Check the weather for wind speed, cloud cover and any forecast changes that might

          adversely affect flight safety and performance.
     · Examine the aircraft- looking at connections and searching for cracks and loose parts.
     · Determine that the electronic elements are performing correctly (receiving more than 6

          GPS signals along with calibration of the magnetic compass)
     · Determine that the barometric altimeter reflects approximately 0 feet AGL.
     · Following takeoff, I will hover at an altitude of approximately 10 feet to assure that the

          Home Point is solid.
     · I will then exercise all controls to confirm their functionality- if one of the controls is

          not functioning, the flight will be terminated immediately.
     · I will fly only with a Visual Observer (VO) at my side who will double check for possible

          flight hazards. The VO will provide a second pair of eyes to assist the PIC in keeping the
          Phantom within Visual Line of Sight (VLOS). The VO has many years of experience in
          helicopter-borne photography in the Atlanta area. He will also assist in any emergency
          maneuvers due to unanticipated events that require a quick landing. Since purchasing
          the Phantom 2 and Phantom 2 Vision+, all training and skill improvement flights have
          been with the same VO.
     · I will not fly over dense traffic or crowds.
     · I will give right-of-way to any manned aircraft.
     · I will stay clear of FAA controlled airspace at airports (generally a five nautical mile
          radius) as well as restricted and prohibited zones.
    · I will fly no higher than 400' and no further than 1000' from the Home Point, recognizing
          that the primary responsibility is to safely keep the aircraft safely within VLOS.
    · I will stay clear of clouds and fog (500' vertically and 2,000' horizontally).
     · I will perform a post-flight check of the Phantom to determine its physical and electronic
          condition.

Operating Procedures:

          · After receiving permission from the property owner or representative, I will notify
               abutting property owners of our intensions and anticipated time on site.

          · I will not fly over neighboring properties unless permission is granted.
          · I will keep individuals not involved in the flight at a safe distance (500 feet if

               practical).
          · I will post a sign stating: 11Take Notice" 11Aerial Photography Under Way- Stay Clear11

               (Attachment #3)

                                                                                                                                          3
Altitude, distance from the PIC, airspeed and battery state-of-charge are data constantly
viewable in the control monitor (a smart phone) which is the Phantom's equivalent of an
aircraft's control panel. I maintain that the above checklist and procedures will minimize risks to
property and persons on the ground as well as other aircraft in the National Air Space.

At this writing, I have practiced extensively in the Phantom 2 and the Phantom 2 Vision+,
accumulating 17:54 of flight time in the Phantom 2 and 5:15 hours in the Phantom 2 Vision+ (as
of this writing). I continue to add flying hours to my Phantom 2 Vision+ log. I have exercised all
functions in both aircraft and fly only when weather conditions allow.

I have private pilot license #1613052 issued in November 10, 1964 (Attachment #4). The license
requires updating as the address is outdated. I will reacquire my 3rct class medical certificate. I
am fully aware of VFR flight rules. The serial number of my Phantom 2 Vision+ is: PH645465564
and I will mark the aircraft with whatever 'N' number the FAA requires.

Exemption Requests:

I respectfully request exemption from the following regulations with which I cannot fully
comply.

14CFR

 Part 21 Airworthiness Certification

          Subpart H "prescribes the procedural requirements for issuing and changing design
          approval, production approval, airworthiness certificates and airworthiness approval."
          (Summation from Exemption No. 11138, page 11)

          Response: "The Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft meets the
          conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from 14
         CFR part 21, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36,
          is not necessary." (Summation from Exemption No. 11138, page 11

Part 61 (a)(b) Parts, General Operating and Flight Rules

          (a) Prescribes the requirements for issuing pilot licenses and the privileges and
               limitations associated with various ratings.

          (b) Aeronautical experience means pilot time, flight simulator or flight training device
               for meeting the appropriate training and flight time requirements for an airman
               certificate.

          Response: Organized or commercially available FAA-approved flight training has yet to
          be achieved by the UA industry. While I have regularly used a flight simulator on my
          computer, those skills are generally not transferable to quad-copter operation. My
          sources of training are: the Flight Instruction Manual from DJI (Attachment #1); online
          videos from the manufacturer as well as videos from users; and most importantly,

                                                                                                                                         4
          personal training in a secure location- an open area not subject to traffic and/or
          uninvolved individuals. Those training flights, which have averaged 10-15 minutes each,
          deal with setup, physical and electronic safety checks; lift off followed by hovering at
          approximately 10 feet to confirm that the GPS system is functioning properly and has
          registered its Home Point; a prescribed flight plan to familiarize and then master the
          fight controls and camera; returning to the launch point and landing, either on a plastic
          pad or having my VO secure the Phantom by hand. I then conduct a post-flight
          inspection for any problems, log the location and flight time and then view the video.
          There are no FAA certified instructors or FAA certified study guides available at this time
          as the technology continues to develop. I respectfully request an exemption from this
          rule.

§91.103 (b)(2)

         (b)(2) This section deals the pilot's preparations for flight, in particular runway lengths,
          takeoff and landing distance information.

          Response: Since a quad-copter, like a helicopter, takes off and lands vertically, a
          Phantom pilot would not need to know this information since there are no runways
          involved and the return from flight is the takeoff point. The FAA has determined that
          "relief is not necessary." (Summation from Exemption No. 11138, page 20)

§ 91.105

          Summary: This section deals with flight crewmembers at stations.

          Response: Since there are no passengers, pilots or crewmembers, I respectfully request
          relief from this regulation.

§ 91.109

          Summary: This sections deals with flight instruction, simulated instrument flight and
          certain flight tests.

          Response: None of these functions are applicable to a quad-copter flight and, as stated
          earlier, there are no FAA certified instructors or FAA certified study guides available at
          this time for quad-copter operation. I respectfully request an exemption from this rule.

§ 91.119 (a) (b) (c)

          Summary: This section deals with minimum safe altitude stating that if the power fails
          anywhere, an aircraft should have an altitude sufficient so that an emergency landing
          can occur without hazard to persons or property (91.119 a). It also sets minimum
          altitudes over congested areas and uncongested areas as well as has a paragraph on
          helicopters (91.119 b). It also sets minimum distance (500 feet) from any person, vessel,
          vehicle, or structure (91.119 c).

                                                                                                                                                         5
          Response: None of the altitude requirements in this regulation should apply to a UAS
          since these aircraft are required to fly below those altitudes. Their weight, speed and
          GPS-controlled Return to Home feature mitigates against a catastrophic accident. A
          manned aircraft is much heavier and larger than a Phantom. If a Phantom were to crash,
          it carries no humans, no explosive fuel and since it flies primarily over a single piece of
          private property, any damage would likely be minimal and confined to that area. As to
          keeping 500' from any person, vessel, vehicle or structure, the purpose of real estate
          quad-copter photography is to fly close to the subject structures with the permission of
          the owner/representative. I maintain that my nearly 23 hours flying these Phantoms
          have provided me with sufficient skills to manage safely any approach under 500 feet. In
          addition, access to the property is strictly controlled (Warning sign and the clearing of
          any person on the property not involved in the flight). I respectfully request an
          exemption from this rule.

§ 91.121

         Summary: This section details altimeter settings required to maintain the "cruising

          altitude or flight level of that aircraft." It requires that the "elevation of the departure
          airport" be set in the altimeter or the "current reported altimeter setting of a station
          along the route and within 100 miles of the aircraft".

          Response: An UV cannot comply fully with this section's altitude requirements. The
          Phantom is equipped with a barometric altimeter which automatically calculates the
          takeoff altitude {0 AGL) when the aircraft is warmed up- the launch point becomes the
          "elevation of the departure" point. The altitude of the UV is visible in the control
          monitor (a smart phone) by the PIC before launch and is consistently updated as the
          flight progresses. I respectfully request an exemption from this rule.

§91.151

         Summary: This section deals with fuel requirements for VFR flights stating, among other

          things, that "no person may begin a flight in an airplane under VFR condition
          unless...there is enough fuel to fly to the first point of the intended landing and, " ...fly
          after that for at least 40 minutes (day) and 45 minutes (night)".

          Response: This regulation deals with 'reserve' fuel. This could include any condition that
          increases flight time or fuel consumption. Weather would be one factor including wind,
          turbulence and the necessity to divert around threatening thunderstorms. Compliance
          with this regulation is not possible because the 'fuel" onboard the Phantom is not
          aviation gas but a DC battery with a maximum flight duration of 25 minutes. Fuel
          management of an UV requires constant monitoring of the battery's state-of-charge and
          bringing it home before it reaches the manufacturers recommended 30% level. In our
          training flights, we've found that a flight of 10-15 minutes to be safe, returning the

                                                                                                                                                    6
          Phantom to its Home Point around the 40% level. I respectfully request an exemption
          from this rule.

§ 91.405

          Summary: This section deals with aircraft maintenance including regular inspection, the
          keeping of appropriate maintenance records and replacement of inoperable
          instruments

          Response: Maintenance on the Phantom is quite straight forward. If, in landing, a rotor
          blade or two are damaged, they are quickly replaced. The traditional instrument cluster
          in an aircraft is replaced by a data stream from the Phantom, visible in the control
          monitor (smart phone). Replacement of minor parts are performed by the PIC and a
          major 'overhaul' that can't be easily resolved will go back to the manufacturer for
          repair. Currently, there are no required inspections by 'authorized' maintenance
          personnel and there would be no space/room on board to install a placard of
          inoperability. I respectfully request an exemption from this rule.

§ 91.407

          Summary/Response: This section addresses requirements after maintenance has been
          performed. Again, approval of the maintenance before flight is essentially in the hands
          of the PIC. Whatever maintenance is performed will be entered in the aircraft log, unless
          a separate maintenance log is required. Paragraph (b) refers to the prohibition of a pilot
          carrying passengers or crewmembers, if the flight characteristics have been substantially
          affected, before a rated pilot performs an operational check of the maintenance. Again,
          this is a PIC's responsibility to preflight the Phantom and determine its flyability. And, as
          mentioned earlier, there is no pilot, crewmembers or passengers on board the
          Phantom. I respectfully request an exemption from this rule.

§ 91.409

          Inspections: This section deals with the necessity of annual and 100-hour inspections or
          "progressive inspections" and approval by authorized persons which will lead to the
          "issuance of an airworthiness certificate."

          Response: As stated earlier, there is no FAA approved inspection protocols nor
          authorized inspection personnel. The PIC handles those issues each time the Phantom is
          prepared for flight. The pre-flight check list enumerated earlier will be followed to
          determine its mechanical and electronic integrity. I respectfully request an exemption
          from this rule.

§ 91.417

          Maintenance Records: This section requires a maintenance record be kept on repair,
         replacement and condition of vital parts (rotors, engines & airframe). Certain records

                                                                                                                                             7
          must be retained for one year while other record must be kept with the aircraft even
          when sold to another part.

          Response: The details of this section would be impractical with a Phantom, but repair
          issues can be entered into the aircraft log. I respectfully request an exemption from this
          rule.

          The above requests for exemptions follow the guidance published by the FAA.

Safety:

The Phantom 2 Vision+ is a UAS with multiple safety features to assure a safe and efficient
flight, minimizing personal injury and property damage and integrating with minimal risk into
the NAS. They include:

     · A GPS flight system that allows for stable remote control of the aircraft.
     · The ability to hover in place by simply taking hands off the controls.
     · A Return to Home function if electronic contact between the Remote Control and the

          aircraft is lost. If the aircraft begins to show unstable flight, I will land it immediately.
     · The ability to limit height (<400') and distance (<1000') from the PIC through the control

          software.
     · Use of the 'radar' mode which instantly allows the PIC to pinpoint the UA.
     · The No Fly Zone control software will prevent takeoffs within a S-mile radius of a major

          airport as well as provide warning in the event that the aircraft inadvertently
          approaches the zone while in flight. This warning will provide sufficient time for the PIC
          to reverse course.
     · Readout of the battery's state of charge so that there is sufficient power to bring the UA
          home.
     · The weight, size, speed and limited flight which focuses on inanimate objects (homes)
          reduces the likelihood of significant personal or property damage. Flight of the UA risks
          no on board lives, as in helicopter or plane photography. The safety features associated
          with the Phantom as well as my pre-flight checklist and procedures will assure that
          public safety is not adversely affected.

   ·

Public Service:

I am committed to helping two local organizations fulfill their missions. The Kennebunkport
Conservation Trust holds many acres of land in the Town of Kennebunkport, Maine. Of
particular interest, is the dozen islands clustered around the entrance to Cape Porpoise Harbor
(Attachment #5). Each year, several kayakers or adventurers are reported missing. The
Kennebunkport Fire Department must man and launch a boat and search the shores of each
island in an effort to locate the missing. A quad-copter can shorten that search time
significantly of the nearby islands and locate a missing person(s) more quickly- possibly saving

                                                                                                                                      8
his/her life. In addition, I would work with the KPFD to created training video. Also, hikers get
lost from time to time on the Kennebunkport Conservation Trust trails- another opportunity
for a quad-copter search. I would request a 120-day provisional permit to determine the value
of these activities and report back to the FAA the results. If approved, these activities would be
donated for the benefit of the community.

Airports and Prohibited Area:

Since I intend to conduct flights on properties along the Southern Maine Coast area (York
County), there are several airports that require additional precautions. They are (northeast to
southwest along the coast as shown in the New York sectional -Attachment #6):

     · Portland International (PWM)- FAA control tower (120.9) with a well-established
          upside down wedding cake control area.

     · Biddeford Airport- UNICOM (123.000 MHz)
     · Sanford Seacoast Regional (SFM)- UNICOM (123.075)
     · Private Airport- Goosefair (Kennebunkport)- No communication
     · Littlebrook (3B4)- UNICOM (122.9)
     · Portsmouth International at Pease (PSM)- FAA control tower (128.4)
     · P-67 Prohibited Area over Walker Point, Kennebunkport- check NOTAMS daily for

          expansion

          I am familiar with these airports as well as the Protected Area. I will follow all FAA
          regulations. In addition, I would contact the Secret Service in the event that I was close
          to P-67.

I respectfully request exemptions from the above listed regulations in order to conduct aerial
photography of residential and commercial properties in order to assist realtors and developers
in their marketing efforts. In addition, my commitment to public education and safety will focus
on supporting the missions of the Kennebunkport Conservation Trust and the Kennebunkport
Fire Department.

Signed,

William Edward Lord

(more)

        9
Attachment materials:
     · #1- DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ Manual
     · #2- Phantom 2 Vision+ Release Notes
     · #3 -Warning Sign
     · #4 - Private Pilot License #1613052
     · #5 - Cape Porpoise, Maine Harbor Map
     · #6- NY Sectional (area of operation in Maine)

                                                                                                                            10
Attachment materials:
     · #1- DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ Manual
     · #2- Phantom 2 Vision+ Release Notes
     · #3 -Warning Sign
     · #4 - Private Pilot License #1613052
     · #5 - Cape Porpoise, Maine Harbor Map
     · #6- NY Sectional (area of operation in Maine)

                       1-51 ~;s-

                                                                                                                            10
PH                  +

User Manual L2l_?~

2015.01
\P ntom 2 Vision + User Manual

 ! ~~~) J2t~.01
~Fflease read this manual carefully before using the product.

Use your Phantom carefully. It contains sensitive electronic components and may be damaged when dropped, crashed
or exposed to water. Never fly a damaged Phantom.

Maintenance
Do not open or attempt to repair Phantom by yourself as doing so may cause damage to the Phantom or cause injury. If
the Phantom is not operating normally or has come into contact with liquid, contact a DJI authorized dealer or DJI customer
service. Learn more at www.dji.com/support

Battery
Never disassemble, pinch, crush, burn, drop or tread on the DJI smart flight battery. Never short or allow the metal contacts
on the battery terminal to touch. Do not expose batteries to extreme temperatures. Always use the DJI approved charger to
charge the battery. Keep the DJI battery away from children and store it in a cool, dry place.

Please read the Disclaimer before using your Phantom 2 Vision+.

Using This Manual

0 Warning        & Important              :\):: Hints and Tips  EJ3 References or Definitions

Except when specifically stated, all descriptions in this manual are for Phantom mode, not Naza-M mode.

The following tutorials and manuals have been produced to ensure you to make full use of your Phantom-2 Vision+.
(1) Disclaimer
(2) Phantom 2 Vision+ Quick Start Guide
(3) Phantom 2 Vision+ User Manual
(4) Phantom PilotTraining Guide
Watching all the tutorial videos and reading the Disclaimer before flight is recommended. Afterwards, prepare your first
flight using the Phantom 2 Vision+ Quick Start Guide. Improve your flying skills in subsequent flights using the Phantom
Pilot Training Guide. Refer to this manual for more comprehensive information. Experienced users, particularly those with
DJI Phantom 2 Vision experience should skip to the Phantom 2 Vision+ Quick Start Guide to begin preparing for flight.

Please watch the tutorial videos below to learn how to use Phantom 2 Vision+
correctly and safely.
http://www.dji.com/phantom2visionplus/training/
Phantom 2 Vision+ official tutorial videos

Download and install the DJI VISION App. Choose one of the download methods below.

Search "OJ I VISION" on the App Store then follow instructions for iOS version.
Search "OJI VISION" on Google Play then follow instructions for Android version.

iOS6.1 or above            ~.. Gt>t1tor>

                     Jill"" Cuogk play

                 Android 4.0 or above

2 © 2015 DJI. I'JI Rigi1ts Reserved.
Contents

Important Safety Notice             2     5.2 Power on the Remote Controller 17

Using This Manual                         5.3 Remote Controller Power LED Status

         Key                        2     Information                                         17

Important                           2     5.4 Battery Level Indicator                         17

Before Flight                       2     5.5 Antenna Orientation                             17

Watch the Tutorial Videos           2     5.6 Remote Controller Operation                     18

Download DJI VISION App             2     5.7 Linking the Remote Controller and

Overview                                  Receiver                                            19

         1 In the Box               5     Linking Procedures                                  19

2 Introduction                      6     Link Indicator                                      19

Assembly and Use                          5.8 Compliance Version Configuration 19

1 Removing Gimbal Clamp             7     6 Preparing the Range Extender 20

2 Preparing the Battery             7     6.1 Introduction                                    20

2.1 DJI Smart Flight Battery        7     SYSTEM Indicator                                    20

2.2 Usages                          8     POWER Indicator                                     20

2.3 Charging the Flight Battery     9     Binding Reset Button                                20

2.4 Battery Installation            10    6.2 Using Range Extender                            20

2.5 Correct Battery Usage Notes     10    Charging the Range Extender                         20

3 Preparing the Phantom 2 Vision+ 11      Powering on the Range Extender 21

3.1 Introduction                    11    Checking the Battery Level                          21

3.2 Built-in Flight Control System  11    6.3 Rename Range Extender SSID 21

FC Assistant Port                   11    6.4 Binding the Phantom 2 Vision+ and

3.3 LED Flight Indicator Descriptions 12  Range Extender                                      21

3.4 3-axial Stabilized Gimbal       12    7 Downloading and Installing the

Anti-drop Kit                       13    DJI VISION App                                      22

Micro-SO Slot                       13    7.1 Download and Install                            22

Gimbal Error Warnings               13    7.2 Register and Login                              23

3.5 Camera                          14    [1] Register                                        23

Lens cap removal                    14    [2] Login                                           23

Camera Function Buttons             14    [3] Usage tips                                      23

Camera Data Port                    14    8 Connecting the Camera                             24

Camera LED Indicator                15    8.1 Connecting Procedures                           24

4 Attaching the Propellers          15    Wi-Fi Computer Connection Status

4.1 Introduction                    15    Description                                         24

4.2 Assembly                        15    Flight

4.3 Removing the Propellers         16                 Flight Environment Requirements        25

4.4 Notes                           16    Preflight Checklist                                 25

5 Preparing the Remote Controller 16      I Calibrating the Compass                           25
                                                                                              25
5.1 The Remote Controller           17       1.1 Calibration Procedures

                                                     (Q) 2C! 5 DJ I At! Ri~Fl~S Reser\ter_i.      3
1.2 When to Recalibrate                26      [14] Hide or Show Flight Parameters 35

2 Starting/Stopping the Motors         26      [15] Rear LED Flight Indicator Status 35

2.1 Starting Motors                    26      3 Camera Settings              35

2.2 Stopping Motors                    26      [1] Capture Mode               35

3 Flight Test                          26      [2] Photo Size                 36

3.1Take off/Landing Procedures         26      [3] Video Resolution           36

3.2 Video Suggestions and Tips         27      [4] Photo Format               36

4 Failsafe Function                    27      [5] Selectable ISO             36

4.1 When Will Failsafe Activate?       27      [6] White Balance              36

4.2 Failsafe Procedure                 27      [7] Exposure Metering          36

Failsafe on the DJI VISION App 28              [8] Exposure Compensation      37

4.3 Regaining Control During Failsafe          [9] Sharpness                  37

Procedures                             28      [10] Anti-flicker              37

5 Low Battery Level Warning Function 28        [ 11] Restore Defaults         37

Low Battery Level Warning on the DJI           [ 12] Format Micro-SO Card     37

VISIONApp                              29      4 Album Page                   37
                                                                              37
6 Flight Limits                        30         4.1 SD Card Album

6.1 Max Height & Radius Limits         30      4.2 Mobile Device Photo Album  38

6.2 Flight Restriction of Restricted Areas 30  5 News Page                    39

6.3 Conditions of Flight Limits        32      6 Settings Page                39

6.4 Disclaimer                         32      7 Ground Station               42
                                                                              42
DJI VISION App Usage                              7.1 Ground Station GUI

1 DJI VISION App Main Menu             32      7.2 Using Ground Station       43

2 Camera Page                          33      PC I MAC Assistant

[1] Return                             33      1 Installing Driver and Phantom 2 Vision+

[2] Camera Pitch Control               33      Assistant                      45

Normal Mode                            33      1.1 Installing and Running on Windows 45

Accelerometer Sensor Mode              33      1.2 Installing and Running on Mac OS X 45

[3] Flight Attitude and Radar Function 34      2 Using Assistant              46

[4] Flight Parameters                  34      2.1 Using the Phantom 2 Vision+ Assistant 46

[5] Wi-Fi Signal Strength              34      2. 2 Rrmware Upgrade ofthe Phantom 2Vision+ 46

[6] Flight Battery Level               34      2.3 Using the Phantom RC Assistant 47

[7] Aircraft GPS Status                34      Appendix

[8] Micro-SO Card Status               34               1 Rear LED Flight Indicator Status 48

[9] Range Extender Battery Level       34      2 Specifications               48

[10] Remaining Shots                   34      3 Troubleshooting (FAQ)        49

[11] Shutter Button                    35

[12] Video Recording Button            35

[13] Camera Settings                   35

4 © 2015 DJl ..AI! Rights Reserved.
Overview                                                                                                                            3"
                                                                                                                                    ::f
The Phantom 2 Vision+ is the next evolution of the Phantom 2 Vision. It features the same App enabled First Person View
(FPV), high performance camera, remote camera control and in-flight content sharing, but adds to it a high performance              CD
3- axial camera stabilization system. It is ideal for aerial creativity whether photo or video. In addition, it provides ground
station function which allows users to plan the flight mission and enables aircraft to flight automatically.                        OJ
                                                                                                                                    0
E§ FPV: First Person View, see the world from the perspective of the craft and feel a true flying experience.                       X

Check that all of the following items have been included in your package before use. If anything is missing, please
contact your local dealer.

NO. Name··                                             Re.mcirks

        Aircraft     ~                                Integrated gimbal and camera
                     ~
2 Propeller Pairs                             4 4 with black nut, 4 with grey
3 Micro-SO Card          ~~                           Inserted in aircraft Micro-SO slot
4 ·Lens Cap                                           Fixed to camera lens
5 Gimbal Clamp         0                              Attached to the gimbal
                                                      In maintenance packet
6 Prop Wrench          &

                       ~

7 Remote Controller                           Includes attached Phone Holder and
                                              Range Extender

8 AA Batteries            ~+ ·I               4 For Remote Controller
9 OJI Smart Flight                                    Inside aircraft
                      [foool                          11 0-240V Adaptive
         Battery
10 Charger           ~                        2 GB&CE

11 Power Cables      ~                        2 SAA&BS
12 Plug Adaptors
13 Micro-USB Cable                      [IT)          For range extender charging and
                                                      firmware upgrade
                             ~

                     ~

                                                       (0) 2015 DJI. Air Riqhts Reserved                                         5
Overview                                                           Including: Disclaimer, Phantom Pilot
                                                           4 Training Guide, Phantom 2 Vision+ Quick
   14 Manuals
                                                                   Start Guide, User Manual
    15 Stickers
    16 Vibration Absorber                                  2 Colors: Pink, Blue
   17 Anti-drop Kit                                        4 In maintenance packet
    18 Spare Screws
    19 Landing Pad                                         2 In maintenance packet

                                                           11   In maintenance packet M3X5(6pcs);
                                                                M3X8(5pcs)

                                                           4 In maintenance packet

The Phantom 2 Vision+ package includes: Phantom, Camera, Gimbal, Propulsion System, Flight Control System,
Remote Controller and Wi-Fi Communication System. 5.8 GHz Remote Controller Receiver, Flight Control System and 2.4
GHz Wi-Fi Module are inside the Phantom.

Remote Controller · Outside · · ·                Working Modes                   ·Inside··

5.8GHz                3-axial Stabilized Gimbal  Phantom-Ready to Fly and Ready  Flight Control System
2 sticks, 7 channels  Camera                     to Fly(non-GPS)                 2.4GHz Wi-Fi Module
                      Motors and Props           NAZA-M-GPS, ATTI, Manual and    5.8GHz Receiver
                                                 Failsafe                        Electronic Speed
                                                                                 Controls(ESCs)

                Mobile Device,
. - - - - - with DJI VISION ApJ:

                Mobile Device Holder

                                                 Figure 1

6 (g) 20 i 5 DJ l. AJl Riar1ts Reserve:~
                                                                                                                                      Assembly and Use

 :\): Choose between Phantom and Naza-M working modes using Phantom 2 Vision+ Assistant. If using Naza-M
          mode, please refer to the NAZA-M V2 Quick Start Manual for related instructions.

        · Phantom: Flight settings will be selected automatically depending on whether 6 or more satellites have been
          found. This mode allows users to configure the Remote Controller and gain values, and use Failsafe and battery
          level warnings.

        · Naza-M: Flight settings will be identical to the Naza-M V2. Users can choose between GPS, Attitude, or Manual
          mode. They can also access advanced settings including Intelligent Orientation Control (IOC). Rear LED Flight
          Indicators will display the flight status according to the Naza-M indicator.

        · Ready to Fly: When 6 or more GPS satellites have been found, the Flight Control System will lock its home point
         and Rear LED Flight Indicators will blink a slow green O~· ·····).This mode is ideal for beginners.

       · Ready to Fly (non-GPS): When less than 6 GPS satellites have been found, the Flight Control System will
          stabilize itself less than in full Ready to Fly mode and will require more skilled flying. Rear LED Flight Indicators

      will blink a slow yellow (-('!) ······).

Assembly and Use

Follow the below instructions to prepare for flight.

Pull gimbal clamp in the direction indicated to remove.

                                          0 To avoid damage to the gimbal, remove Gimbal Clamp

                                                                                       before powering up the Phantom.

                                                                       ~\); Attach the Gimbal Clamp during transportation or long

                                                                                       term storage to avoid damage.

                          Figure 2

·a»~~~e~~~,~~~~~,t;;

Ensure all related devices are fully charged before flying the Phantom 2 Vision+.

              Remote Controller                                          Power supply
               Range Extender                            2000mAh rechargeable LiPo battery
Aircraft (including gimbal and camera)  Charge fully through Micro-USB slot. See Charging the Range
                Mobile Device
                                                              Extender (Page 20) for details.
                                                                  DJI Smart Flight Battery.

                                                  Fully charge before using the DJI VISION App.

2.1 OJ I Smart Flight Battery

This battery has been specially designed for the Phantom 2 series. It has a battery capacity of 5200mAh, voltage of
11.1V and charge-discharge management functionality. It can only be charged with a DJI charger or Phantom 2 Car
Charger.

Smart Flight Battery                    DJI Charger
      Figure 3                           Figure 4

                                                           tf; 2015 OJ I. P.B Rlghts Reserved.                                                          7
Assembly and Use

OJI Smart Flight Battery Functions

(1) Balance Charging                 Automatically balances the voltage of each battery cell during charging.
(2) Capacity Display
(3) Communication                    Displays current battery levels.

(4) Overcharge Protection            Communicates with Flight Controller about battery voltage, capacity, current and

(5) Over Discharge Protection        other relevant information.

(6) Short Circuit Protection         Charging stops automatically when battery voltage reaches 12.8V to prevent
(7) Sleep Protection
(8) Charging Temperature Detection   overcharge damage.

                                     Discharging stops automatically when battery voltage reaches 8.4V to prevent

                                     over discharge damage.

                                     Automatically cuts power supply when a short circuit is detected.

                                     Sleep mode is entered after 10 minutes of inactivity to save power.

                                     oocThe battery will charge only when the temperature is between      (32°F) and

                                     40°C (104°F).

Battery Specifications                                            LiPo
                                                                  11.1V, 5200mAh
Type                                                              0°C-40°C
Capacity                                                          - 20°C-500C
Charging Environment Temperature                                  <80%
Discharging Environment Temperature
Charging/Discharging Environment Relative Humidity

Lt. Please read the user manual, disclaimer, and battery warnings before use. Users take full responsibility tor all

       operations and usage.

2.2 Usages

Powering on/off

Powering on: Press Circular Power Button once, then press again and hold for 2 seconds to power on. Power Light will
                   go red and Battery Level Indicators will show the current battery level.

Powering off: Press Circular Power Button once, then press again and hold for 2 seconds to turn off. Battery Level
                   Indicators will all go out.

                                                                                    . - - - - - - LED1

                                                                                ""'~---- LED2
                                                                          ~~~~~~~-LED3

                                                                                           . - - - \ - - LED4

                                                                                                           Circular Power Button
                                                                                                           (Built-in Power Light)
                                                                           '""-----==----Battery Level Indicators
                                                                        Figure 5

Checking the battery level

When the battery is powered off, press the Circular Power Button once. Battery Level Indicators will light up to show
battery level. See below for details.

EJ3 Battery Level Indicators will show the current battery level during charging and discharging. The indicators are

defined below.                       ~o) LED blinks

0 LED is on

0 LED is off

8 © 20'5 DJI. AI! Rights Fieserved.
                                                                                                  Assembly and Use

~-[-~tilv~ ~;;~,\-" . -_ . _- ,' :-· . c :  - - -v- - ~ -  ~~~~  --- -~-      -~~~?~'"~-          ---,;;-

,p t"'.~ 'oc=~ ..e ,  "~  '  '' [             LED4                         c                               -

LED1 LED2 LED3                                  0                Current battery level
                                               'Q
000                                                              87.5%-100%
                                                0
000                                             0                75%-87.5%

n0 0 0                                         0                 . 62.5%-75%
                                               0
00                                             0                 50%-62.5%
                                               0
000                                            0                 37.5%-50%

0 n 0-;.,·                                                       25%-37.5%

000                                                              12.5%-25%

'0' 0 0                                                          0%-12.5%

000                                                                           <0%

Battery life

When the battery is powered off, press and hold the Circular Power Button for 5 seconds to check battery life. Battery
Level Indicators will show light up and the Battery Power Indicators will blink for 10 seconds. All lights will then turn off.
For details, please see below.

LED1 LED2 LED3 LED4                                              Current battery life
                                                                     90%-100%
n0 0 0 0                                                              80%-90%
                                                                      70%-80%
000                                                                   60°/o-70%
                                                                      50%-60%
n0 0 0 0                                    0                         40%-50%
00                                                                    30%-40%
                                                                      20%-30%
n0 0 0 0
                                                                   Less than 20%
0 00
0000

:U 0 0 0

& When batter life reaches 0, it is no longer operational.
ffi More battery information is available in the battery tab of the Phantom 2 Vision+ Assistant.

2.3 Charging the Flight Battery

(1) Connect charger to wall socket (1 00-240V, 50/60Hz, using the Plug Adaptors if necessary).
(2) Connect battery to charger. If the current capacity of the battery is over 75%, you should turn it on before beginning

    to charge.
(3) Battery Level Indicators will display current capacity level as the battery charges.
(4) Battery is fully charged when Battery Level indicator lights are off. Disconnect the charger and battery when charging

    is complete.

                                            Figure 6
Assembly and Use

LED1 LED2 LED3 LED4                          Current battery level
n0 0 0                                              0%-25%
n  u                                               25%-50%
                                     n0  0         50%-75%
n  n-
n                                    tt  n0       75%-100%
   n                                             Fully charged

0000

:IJ: The Smart Flight Battery can be charged using an optional Phantom 2 Car Charger. This can charge the battery

        in-car or through 3S-6S Li-Po batteries. Contact your authorized dealer or OJI customer service for details.

& · Battery should only be charged with the charger provided by OJ!. DJI does not take any responsibility for

        damage caused by third party chargers.

      ·If current battery level is over 75%, the battery should be turned on before charging.

2.4 Battery Installation

Push battery into battery compartment according to the below diagram. When you hear a click, the battery has been
properly installed.

                                             & An incorrectly installed battery may cause

                                                                                              · Bad contact,
                                                                                              · Unavailable battery information,
                                                                                              · Unsafe flight,
                                                                                              · Inability to take off.

                                   Figure 7

2.5 Correct Battery Usage Notes

(1) When the battery is turned on, do not connect it to or disconnect it from the Phantom.
{2) Charge and discharge the battery completely once every 20 charge/discharge cycles. Discharge the battery until

     there is less than 8% power or until it can no longer be turned on, then recharge it to maximum capacity. This power
     cycling procedure will optimize the battery.
{3) For long term storage, place the battery with only a 40-50% charge in a strong battery box. Discharge and charge
     the battery once every 3 months to keep it in good condition. Charge amount should be varied in these maintenance
     charges - (40%-50%}---0%-1 00%-(40%-50%).
(4) Purchase a new battery after your current battery has been discharged over 300 times. Completely discharge a
     battery prior to disposal. Please dispose of batteries properly.
(5) Purchase a new battery if your current battery swells up or is damaged in any way.
{6) Never recharge or fly with a battery that is swollen or damaged in any way.
(7) Never charge batteries unattended. Always charge batteries on a non-flammable surface such as concrete and
     never near any flammable materials.
{8) Safety is extremely important. For more information, please see the Disclaimer.

:IJ: Discharging methods:

         Slow: Place battery in Phantom and turn on. Leave on until there is less than 8% of power left or until the battery
         can no longer be turned on. See DJI VISION App for battery levels. Motors do not need to be turned on,
         reducing wear.
         Fast: Fly the Phantom outdoors until there is less than 8% of power left or until the battery can no longer be
         turned on.

10 © 2015 D,JI. AH Rignts Reserved.
                                                              Assembly and Use

The Phantom 2 Vision+ is a quadrotor with a built-in Flight Control System with integrated gimbal and camera. It features
an FC Assistant Port, Camera Data Port and a specialized battery compartment for its flight battery. All these features
make the Phantom 2 Vision+ easy to assemble and configure.

3.1 Introduction

     [1]                                 [1] Propeller (P15)                                                                 -o
                                         [2] Motor                                                                           iD
[?]  [3]
                                                                                                                             D
.~.
                                                                                                                             §.

[4]                                                                                                                          :::J
    [5]
                                                                                                                             (Q

                                         [3] Front Sticker                                                                   s:

[6] [ l                                                                                                                      <D

[8] 7                             [9] [4] Front LED (Pi2)                                                                    -o
                                  [10]
                                                                                                                             :::r

                                                                                                                             !lJ
                                                                                                                             :::J
                                  [ 11]  [5] FC Assistant Port (Micro-USB slot) (P46)
                                                                                                                             0
                                                                                                                             :3

                                         [6] Vibration Absorber                                                              1\)

                       Figure 8                                                                                              :::::;
                       Figure 9
                                         [7] Camera LED Indicator (P15)                                                      2?.
                                         [8] Camera Function Button (P14)
                                                                                                                             0
                                                                                                                             :::J

                                                                                                                             +

      [12)                                             [9] Anti-drop Kit (P13)
[13]                              [16] [10] 3-axial Stabilized Gimbal (P12)
                                  [17] [11] Camera Lens (P14)
[14]
[15]

                                         [12] Rear LED Flight Indicator (P12)

                                         [13] DJI Smart Flight Battery (P7)

                                         [14] Receiver Antenna (Pi?)

                                         [15] Landing Gear

                                         [16] Camera Data Port (Micro-USB slot) (Pi4)

                                         [17] Compass (P25)

                       Figure 10         [18] Micro-SO Slot (P13)

3.2 Built-in Flight Control System

The Phantom 2 Vision+ is equipped with a DJI Naza-M V2 Flight Control System. This provides incredible ease of use
and stability. Pilots can control the Phantom's movements in many directions, including pitch (forwards and backwards),
roll (left and right), elevator (up and down) and yaw (turn left or right). The flight control system also can provide IOC,
Failsafe and battery level warnings.

Modules                                                                  Functions
Flight Controller
IMU                    Acts as the brains of the complete flight control system, responsible for connecting and
GPS & Compass          controlling all the modules together.
LED Flight Indicators
                       Has a built-in inertial sensor and a barometric altimeter that measures both attitude and
                       altitude.

                       The compass reads geomagnetic information and assists the GPS (Global Position System)
                       to accurately calculate the position and height of the aircraft.

                       Indicates the status of flight control system.

FC Assistant Port

The flight control system communicates with the PC Assistant through a Micro-USB cable between the Phantom FC
Assistant Port and the PC. Users can use Assistant to configure the aircraft and upgrade the Phantom firmware. Please
refer to Using the Phantom 2 Vision+ Assistant (Page 46) for details.
Assembly and Use

3.3 LED Flight Indicator Descriptions

LED flight indicators are found at the front and the rear of the Phantom. Front LEOs are for indicating where the nose of
the aircraft is. They light up solid red after motors have started spinning. Rear LED Flight Indicators light up to show the
aircraft's current flight status once the flight battery is powered on. For details, please see the below table.

                                                                           Rear LED
                                                                           Flight Indicators

Figure 11                                                                  Figure 12

RearLEP Flight lntlicatpffi                     Power On Self-Test

.....·mr-CGfxYI~ Red, Green, Yellow

 · ·. · ·· ··. flashing in turn

-:@-:it$!: ...... Yellow,Green flashing in turn Warming Up                 Aircraft cannot take off.
                                                                           More than 6 GPS satellites are found.
-)~:- · ·····Slow Green flashing                Ready to Fly               Less than 6 GPS satellites are found.

-~Y;- ······Slow Yellow flashing                Ready to Fly (non-GPS)

· Rear LEb Flight lndic~tdrs .                  Abnormal·

-:?$: ...... Quick Yellow flashing                                                           Refer to Failsafe Function (Page27) for
                                                Remote Controller Signal Lost details.
-:@':······Slow Red flashing
                                                Low Battery Level Warning  DJI VISION App will also show warning
-:c'S\- ...... Quick Red flashing                                          message.

:®:- · · ··· ·Three Red flashing off and on     Critical Low Battery Level DJI VISION App will show warning

\8} --Solid red                                 Warning                    message.

                                                Not Stationary or Sensor Bias is Keep aircraft stationary or perform IMU

                                                too big                    calibration.

                                                Error                      Cannotfly.

-:@':-~'Q: ...... Red, Yellow flashing in turn  Compass Needs Calibration  Refer to Calibrating the Compass
                                                                           (Page25) to get details.

& If a solid red -~'EJ.- LED indicator appears, connect to the Phantom 2 Vision+ Assistant for details and resolution.

        This may be caused by:
        · IMU calibration required: Recalibrate IMU using Assistant.
        · IMU is abnormal: Repair required.
        · Compass is abnormal: Repair required.
        · Remote Controller mid-point is set abnormally: Refer to How to solve large margin(s) mid-point error? (Page 49)

3.4 3-axial Stabilized Gimbal

The 3-axial stabilized gimbal of the Phantom 2 Vision+
will power on and self-check each time the flight battery
is installed and powered on. Its pitch can be controlled
using the DJI VISION App. This gimbal has two working
modes, Non-FPV mode and FPV mode, with the Non-FPV
mode set as default. This can be configured in Phantom 2
Vision+ Assistant or the OJI VISION App.

                                                                             -9c

                                                                                                                        Figure 13
                                                                                                                                                                 Assembly and Use

I,

Gimt:)al spe~ificatiohs  ..               .. ·                      ., "::               ' ·..·.                     .,· ~'            .

Control accuracy                        ±0.03°
                                        Pitch : -90°-0°
Controllable range                      Pitch : goo/s

Maximum angular velocity

· Non-FPV Mode: the gimbal will stabilize across 3-axial for smooth aerial creativity.                                                                                             "lJ
· FPV Mode (First Person View Mode): Gimbal will lock to the movements of the Phantom for a FPV experience.
                                                                                                                                                                                   (j)
Anti-drop Kit                                                               [1]
                                                                            [2]                                                                                                    "0
The Anti-drop Kit helps keep the gimbal and camera
connected to the aircraft. Two have been mounted on                                                                                                                                ~-
delivery. If new ones are required, take the gimbal and
press part [1] through the center hole of the Vibration                                                                                                                             ::l
Absorber the center hole of part [2]. Lock them together                                                                                                                           <0
as shown in [3]. Mounting the Anti-drop Kit diagonally is
recommended.                                                                                                                                                                       g

                                                                                                                                                                                    (I)

                                                                                                                                                                                   :":l:Jr

                                                                                                                                                                                    OJ
                                                                                                                                                                                    ::l

                                                                                                                                                                                   0
                                                                                                                                                                                   3

                                                                                                                                                                                    N

                                                                                                                                                                                   <

                                                                                                                                                                                     (fl

                                                                                                                                                                                   6"

                                                                                                                                                                                    ::l

                                                                                                                                                                                   +

                                                                                         Figure 14

~ Once part [1] and part [2] are connected, the Anti-drop Kit cannot be disconnected and reused.

Micro-SO Slot

With flight battery powered off, make sure the Micro-SO
card is inserted correctly into the Micro-SO Slot before
taking any photos or recording any video.

The Phantom 2 Vision+ comes with a 4GB Micro-SO card                                     Figure 15
and can support cards up to 32GB. The OJI VISION App
may not be able to read some Micro-SO cards. Using
the DJI VISION App to reformat new Micro-SO cards is
recommended.
Refer to Format Micro-SO Card (Page 37) for details.

0 Do not insert or remove Micro-SO card when flight battery is powered on.

Gimbal Error Warnings

Before the aircraft takes off, if a gimbal motor error is detected or the gimbal clamp is not removed, there will be a

warning prompt on the camera page of the OJI VISION App. This will disappear after the problem is resolved.

                                                      __,
                                                                                    ...                                          a,,.
                                                          9' !188%  IE:.                 20m·                                ~
                                                          I I ~8                 ~                                               ~8
                                                                                                                             II

8                        -Please Remove The Gimbal Clamp   'P:CC%   8            -Gimbal Motor Error, Please Check            ... eo~

w                                                         ~                                                                  I mn I

                                                          ~w                                                                 ~.
                                                          {$ ~                                                                   {$
                                                          GJ \ V . /~ Distance: O.Oft Altitude: O.Oft Speed: O.Omph
                                                                                                                                 GJ

                             Figure 16                                                   Figure 17

                                                                                         13~.g, 2015 DJ!. /\!1 Rfgh:s fieserv,:;:d.
Assembly and Use

~ · Remove gimbal clamp before powering on flight battery.
       · Gimbal motor error may occur in these situations: (1) Gimbal is placed on uneven ground. (2) Gimbal has
          received an excessive external force, e.g. a collision. Please take off from flat, open ground and protect the
         gimbal after powering up.
       · Flying in heavy fog or cloud may make the gimbal wet, leading to a temporary failure. The gimbal will recover
          when it dries out

3.5Camera

The Phantom 2 Vision+ camera powers up when the flight battery has been installed and switched on. Photos and
videos can be shot by pressing either the onboard button or the DJI VISION App. For aerial photography it supports
burst shots, continuous capture and timed capture, and exports to both Adobe DNG Raw and JPEG. For aerial video, it
shoots in full HD at (1080p30/1080i60) and can even shoot 720p60 for internet ready slow motion.

Cam~ra specifica,iiort$  1/2.3"

Sensor Size              14 Megapixels
Pixels                   4384x3288
Resolution               1080p30 /1 080i60/720p60
HD Recording
Recording FOV            110° I 85°

Lens cap removal                                                                     Figure 18
Remove lens cap before use and replace it when
shooting is complete to protect the camera lens.

Camera Function Buttons
Capture: Press (hold less than 2 seconds) to take a single

            capture.
Record·: Press (hold more than 2 seconds) to begin

            recording. Press again to stop.

Camera Data Port
Connect the Camera Data Port to a PC using a Micro-USB
cable to copy files to a PC.

                                                                          Figure 19

 ~ Photos and videos can only be copied when the flight battery is powered on.

14 (© 2015 Djl. /-.~,H Righls Reserved.
                                                                                                Assembly and Use

Camera LED Indicator

Camera LED Indicator lights up after the flight battery is powered on. It provides information on the working status of the
camera.

CameraLED Indicator                                Wi~f.i status ·   Camera status
:(~: Green Solid
                                                   OFF               Power On; Idle

·@: Slow Green Blink (0.2s on, 1.8s off)           ON                Idle

:<'/Ji· Green Blink(0.1 son, 0.3s off, 0.1 s on, 1.8s off) ON        Micro-SO card connected to PC
                                                                     Synchronizing
-{~ Fast Green Blink (0.1 s on, 0.3s off)          ON

-/g;- Orange Solid                                 OFF               Recording
                                                   ON/OFF            Taking a single picture.
.;-d-.:.

:lpl: Orange Blink Once (0.2s on, 0.3s off)

-!'Ql:· Orange Blink 3 Times(0.1 s on, 0.1 s off)  ON/OFF            Taking 3 or 5 photos per shot
                                                                     Firmware Upgrading
~?.·!..z.                                          ON/OFF            Recording
                                                                     Critical error
·'f;(J: Orange Fast Blink (0.1s on, 0.3s off)                        CMOS sensor error
                                                                     Operation failed
-J~)-(9J: Green, Orange (0.2s green, 1.8s orange) ON                 Micro-SO card error
                                                                     Upgrade error
-:($ Red Solid                                     ON I OFF
                                                                     Overheated Camera
-:C~ Slow Red Blink (0.2s on, 1.8s off)            ON/OFF

-:®: Red Blink Once (0.2s on, 0.3s off)            ON/OFF

13>·1 Red Blink 3 Times(0.1 s on, 0.1 s off)       ON/OFF

-:(~;:Fast Red Blinks (0.1 son, 0.3s off)          ON/OFF

r~;~_~):-:('ffj- Fast Green, Orange and Red Blink  ON/OFF

              (0.1s on, 0.3s off)

Always use original 9-inch propellers, classified by the color of each central nut.

4.1 Introduction                         Grey Nut(945o)                              · BlackNuf(9450 R)

·Propeller:S

Diagram

Assembly Location Attach to motor without black dot.                 Attach to motor with black dot

Fastening/        El'l Lock: Tighten propeller in this direction.
Un-fastening      'b"') Unlock: Loosen propeller in this direction.
Instructions

4.2 Assembly

(1) (Figure 20) Remove warning cards from motors after you have read them.
(2) (Figure 21) Spin grey marked propellers clockwise onto unmarked motors and black marked propellers anti-

     clockwise for black marked motors.

                      Figure 20                                                      Figure 21
Assembly and Use

0 Propellers self tighten during flight. DO NOT use thread locker.

& ·Always match marked props with the corresponding motor.

       · Protective gloves are recommended during propeller assembly and removal.

4.3 Removing the Propellers                                                     0       @

(Figure 22) Prevent motor rotation using the included wrench or a                           Unlock direction
hand, then remove propeller according to the un-fastening instructions.
                                                                                   Figure 22
4.4 Notes

(1) Check that propellers and motors are installed correctly and firmly
     before every flight.

(2) Ensure that all propellers are in good condition before each flight.
     DO NOT use any ageing, chipped, or broken propellers.

(3) To avoid injury, STAND CLEAR of and DO NOT touch propellers or
     motors when they are spinning.

(4) ONLY use original DJI propellers for a better and safer flight experience.

& For beginner flyers, Phantom 2 Prop Guards are recommended. Contact your authorized dealer or DJI customer

       service to purchase if necessary.

                                                                                                                      Figure 23

The Phantom 2 Vision+ Remote Controller is a wireless communication device using the 5.8GHz frequency band.
Remote Controller and Phantom are paired before delivery.
For upgraded remote controller (models: NPVT581, NDJ6 or NRC900), select "Upgrade Version" in Phantom Assistant.
For basic remote controller (models: PVT581, DJ6 or RC900), select "Basic Version" in Phantom Assistant.
The Remote Controller is set to Mode 2 by default. This can be adjusted in the PHANTOM RC Assistant. See Using the
PHANTOM RC Assistant (Page 47) for details. You can also adjust the power of your Remote Controller according to
national regulations. Please refer to Compliance Version Configuration (Page 19).

 E§ · Compliance Version: The Phantom 2 Vision+ Remote Controller is compliant with CE and FCC (see the FCC ID)

           regulations.
         · Operating Mode: Mode 1 and Mode 2 refer to different channel mappings.
         · Mode 1: The right stick controls throttle.
         · Mode 2: The left stick controls throttle.

:(J: The Range Extender and Phone Holder are already mounted on the Remote Controller. Twist the Mobile Device

          Holder to face outwards and fix it in position for mobile device installation.

0 Large smartphones and tablets are not recommended for the Phone Holder as they do not fit.

16 © 20 '5 DJI. P·JI Riot11s Reserved.
                                                                                        Assembly and Use

5.1 The Remote Controller                                     [1] Antenna
                                                              [2] Lett Dial
              [2]                  [3]                        [3] Switch S1
              [4]                          J2                 [4] Switch S2 (Reserved)
J4 [6]                                                        [5] Right Stick: J1, Roll [lett & right],
                                   [5]
                    [7]-t---~                                                        J2, Pitch [front & back]
                                                              [6] Lett Stick: J3, Throttle [up & down],
 l[S] '---::.-'"'-\:---1--[ 10
                                                                                    J4, Yaw [rotation]
[1[~~-==~=~;::- ~o~                                           [7] Neck Strap Attachment
                                          ' .,__...!__[i 2]   [8] Power Switch
                        Figure 24                             [9] Power Indicator
                                                             [10] Battery Charge & RC Assistant Port (micro-USB port)
                                                             [11] Battery Level Indicator
                                                             [12] Training Port (on back)

5.2 Power on the Remote Controller

(1) Set Sl and S2 switches to the upper most position and place all sticks in the mid-point.
(2) Toggle power switch to the right to switch on.
(3) There will be a power on indicator beep. If the remote controller is set to be CE compliant, then

     there will be one beep, while the FCC compliant version will emit two beeps. The battery level
     indicator displays the current battery level. The indicator will blink green quickly, indicating the
     remote controller and receiver are linking. Once fully linked, the power indicator will change to
     a solid green.

6 ·If the low voltage warning alert sounds (refer to Remote Controller Power LED Status Information (Page 17) for

          details), please recharge the battery as soon as possible.
       · Using the incorrect type of charging cable may cause damage.
       · Following long term storage, recharge the battery before use.

5.3 Remote Controller Power LED Status Information

Povver L..ED Indicator             Sound         .Remote Conttoll~r StaM; .

:~( -Solid Green                   None          Functioning normally.

·.\eJ·- Solid Red                  None          Charging( remote controller is powered off)

:(';{)--Solid Yellow               None          Remote controller joysticks calibration error, need to be re-calibrate.
                                   BB-BB--BB
:(~)--Solid Red                    B-8-B......   Low voltage (from 3.5V-3.53V), recharge the remote controller.

     ...... Quick Red flashing                   Critical low voltage (from 3.45V-3.5V). Recharge the remote
                                                 controller immediately.
:r'J?!: ···· ··Slow Green flashing B--B-B......
                                                 Alert will sound after 15 minutes of inactivity. It will stop once you
                                                 start using the remote controller.

5.4 Battery Level Indicator                                                                   Battery Level Indicator

Built-in LiPo Battery: The remote controller includes a rechargeable LiPo battery with         0000
a capacity of 2000mAh. You can monitor the current battery level using the LED
indicators on the front panel of the remote controller as the figure shown:                   25% 50% 75% 100%

Lf::. The remote controller will show a blinking LED and sound an alert when the voltage drops below 3.45V, then

        automatically power off after 3 seconds. This process will repeat even if you power cycle the remote controller. If
        this low voltage warning occurs during flight, the remote controller will automatically power off, causing the aircraft
         to enter Failsafe mode, which cannot be interrupted (refer to Failsafe Function (Page27) for details). It is strongly
         recommended that you recharge the battery immediately when the 3.45V-3.5V low voltage warning occurs.

5.5 Antenna Orientation

Keep the antennas pointing skyward, perpendicular to the ground for maximum remote controller range during flight.

                                                                                                17(Q 2015 DJL Ail Righ:s lic~st:~~voo.
Assembly and Use

Figure 25                                              For maximum range and reliability, Remote Controller antenna
                                                       should point skywards with no obstructions between it and the
5.6 Remote Controller Operation                        Phantom. Obstacles may cause Return to Home to trigger. Phone
                                                       Holder and Range Extender should not block the antenna.
The Remote Controller is set to Mode 2 by default.

r=r;l  · Stick Neutral/ mid point: Control sticks of the Remote Controller are placed at the central position.

Cl.:J

       · Move the Stick: The control stick is pushed away from the central position.

Remote Controller  (··n Aircraft                       Operation details
      (Mode2)              indicates nose direction)
                                                       Vertical movements on the left stick control elevation.
                                                       Push the stick up to ascend and down to descend.
                                                       When both sticks are centered the Phantom will hover in place.
                                                       Push the throttle stick upward beyond the centered
                                                       (neutral) position to take off. Push the throttle gently to
                                                       prevent sudden and unexpected elevation.

                                                       Horizontal movements on the left stick control the rudder.
                                                       Push left to rotate counter clock-wise and right for
                                                       clockwise. If the stick is centered, the Phantom will fly
                                                       straight.
                                                       The more the stick is moved, the faster the Phantom will
                                                       rotate.

                                                       Vertical movements on the right stick control forward and
                                                       backward pitch.
                                                       Push up to fly forward and down to fly backward. The
                                                       Phantom will hover in place if the stick is centered.
                                                       Push the stick further for a larger pitch angle (maximum
                                                       35') and faster flight.

                                                       Horizontal movements on the right stick control left and
                                                       right pitch.
                                                       Push left to fly left and right to fly right. The Phantom will
                                                       hover in place if the stick is centered.
                                                       Push the stick further for a larger pitch angle (maximum
                                                       35') and faster flight.

                                                       Left Dial: Turn the dial to the right. and the camera will
                                                       shift to point upwards.Turn the dial to the left, and the
                                                       camera will shift to point downwards. The camera will
                                                       keep its current position if the dial is static.

                   cw~ :~~ c~;                         I The S1 switch is used for compass calibration. Toggle the
                   '..., / .... /                   /
                   PositTci~ 1 Position 2 PoSition 3   1 S1 from position 1 to position 3 and back approximately 5

                                                       1 times to enter into compass calibration mode.
                                                       1 In Naza-M mode, the S1 switch is used to switch

                                                       1 between control modes and enter compass calibration.

                                                       S2 is used to record a Home point manually. After a Home
                                                       point has been recorded automatically, flipping S2 from
                                                       position 1 to position 3 and back 5 times (or more) rapidly
                                                       will move the Home point to the Phantom's current location.
                                                       In addition, you can enable Dynamic Home Point feature
                                                       in DJI VISION App.
                                                       In Naza-M working mode, S2 is be used for IOC.

18 © 2015 D.JL A.il Rigrlts Reserved.
                                                                                    Assembly and Use

& ·In 'Ready to Fly' mode, the Phantom will hover when all sticks are released.

       ·In 'Ready to Fly (non-GPS)' the Phantom will lock its altitude but will not have horizontal positioning.

5.7 Linking the Remote Controller and Receiver

A 5.8G receiver is built in to the Phantom 2 Vision+. Its link button and indicator are located on the underside of the
phantom, as shown in Figure 26.
The Remote Controller and the receiver are paired before delivery. Only use this button if you have replaced your
Remote Controller or receiver.

Linking Procedures                                                       Figure 26                                             "'0
(1) Power off the Remote Controller, power on the aircraft.
                                                                                                                              <D
     You will see the link indicator blinking red.
(2) Press the link button with a thin object and hold                                                                         "0

     until the link indicator blinks yellow. Release the link                                                                 §.
     button.
(3) Power on the Remote Controller. Link indicator will                                                                        ::l
     switch off, showing that a link has been successfully                                                                    (()
     established.
                                                                                                                              s:
Link Indicator
                                                                                                                               CD

                                                                                                                               :0
                                                                                                                               CD

                                                                                                                              3

                                                                                                                              r0o

                                                                                                                               0
                                                                                                                               0

                                                                                                                              3.
                                                                                                                              Q_

                                                                                                                               CD

                                                                                                                                  ~

·/s\ ····.. Red flashing        No signal received.  Switch on the Remote Controller or perform a link procedure.
·:(']?: ...... Yellow flashing  Ready to link.       Switch on the Remote Controller.

5.8 Compliance Version Configuration

As power levels vary between regulators, the Phantom Remote Controller's power output can be adjusted by twisting the
CE/FCC Control Knob (Figure 27) on the back of the Remote Controller using a flathead screwdriver. ForCE compliance,
set the Remote Controller to CE with a full counterclockwise turn. For FCC compliance, set the Remote Controller to FCC
with a full clockwise turn. Be sure to follow relevant local regulations.
Compliance can be configured using the PHANTOM RC Assistant. Select CE compliance version in Assistant to set it, or
do the same with FCC compliance version.

                                                               & ·Turn the CE/FCC Control Knob gently to avoid

                                                                        damage.

                                                                         · CE compliant devices have an effective remote
                                                                           controller range of 400 meters in open spaces due
                                                                           to power limitations.

                                                                         · FCC compliant devices have an effective range of
                                                                           800 meters in open spaces.

                                                                         · Watch your flight distance as the Phantom 2
                                                                           Vision+ will enter Failsafe mode (auto-landing or
                                                                           go home and land) if it flies beyond the relevant
                                                                           range limits.

@                                                                        · Always follow local laws and regulations.

      Figure 27                 CE FCC                         ··(v')-·  · It is recommended to use a <D2.4mm flathead
                                                                           screwdriver for adjustments.

                                                                         · There is another potentiometer for reseNed use.

                                                                                    19(G) 2016 O.JL Ali R~gn\s Reserved_
      Assembly and Use

      The Phantom 2 Vision+ Range Extender is a wireless communication device that operates within the 2.4 GHz frequency
      band. It is used to extending the effective range of communication between a Smartphone and the Phantom 2 Vision+.
      In an open, unobstructed area, the transmission distance can reach up to 700 meters. This can be reduced by trees,
      buildings and other sources of the same frequency. Before every flight, it is suggested that you ensure the Range
      Extender is functioning properly; otherwise communication issues between the mobile device and the Phantom 2
      Vision+ may occur.
      Each Range Extender has a unique MAC address and network name (SSID), details of which are printed on the label as
      'Phantom_XXXXXX'. The 'XXXXXX' represents the last 6 letters or numbers of the MAC address for the Range Extender.
      This can be renamed in the DJI VISION App.

      6.1 Introduction

                                                 [4]                            [1] SYSTEM Indicator
                                                                                [2] POWER Indicator
:::J  [1]--/-------                              [5]                            [3] Locking Screw
(0                                                                              [4] Binding Reset Button
                                                                                [5] Power Switch
5' [2l---i::::::::::=::=~~====::::::l                                           [6] Charging Port(Micro-USB slot)
CD [6]                                                                          [7] Mounting Bracket

m::0
:::J

(0

CD

m [7]
rXo
:::J
0.                       Figure 28                    Figure 29

~     SYSTEM Indicator

      Shows Wi-Fi status of the Range Extender.

      -:(Qj ······Green flashing  The Wi-Fi network is functioning normally.
                                  The Wi-Fi network is functioning abnormally.
         Off

      POWER Indicator
      Shows power levels of the Range Extender.

      -~~r- Solid green           Fully charged.
                                  Low voltage alert, re-charge required.
      ~(Ei) Solid red             Charging.

      [YJ Solid Yellow

      6 If the power indicator is a solid red light, the Ranger Extender may stop working at any moment. Land and

             recharge as soon as possible.

      Binding Reset Button
      When the Binding Reset Button is pressed, it will reset and restart the Range Extender. You will need to bind it with the
      Phantom 2 Vision+ again to recreate its Wi-Fi network. Failure to do so will cause the DJI VISION App to fail to connect
      with the camera.

      6.2 Using Range Extender

      Charging the Range Extender
      Charge the Range Extender by connecting the charging port to a power supply device such as a PC or a USB charger
      using a Micro-USB cable. Make sure to charge the Range Extender completely before using it for the first time. This
      takes 3-4 hours depending on USB power output.

      6 Make sure the Range Extender has enough power before each use.

      20 (Q) ?015 DJL All Righls Reserved
                                                                                                       Assembly and Use

Powering on the Range Extender

(1) Flick the power switch to the ON position.
(2) Wait for approximately 30 seconds. The Wi-Fi signal indicator will blink green indicating the Range Extender is

     communicating properly.
(3) Keep the Range Extender facing the aircraft during flight for the best communication link.

Lt, Power off the Range Extender after every flight to avoid discharging the battery.

Checking the Battery Level                                                                                                               'lJ
The battery level of the Range Extender can be checked in the camera page of the OJI VISION App as shown below.
When the battery level drops to 20% or lower, the battery level icon will go red as a charging reminder.                                 ro

              battery level above 20%, icon is blue                                                                                      "0

                                                                                                                                         ~-

                                                                                                                                         :J
                                                                                                                                         (Q

                                                                                                                                         g:

                                                                                                                                          <D

                                                                                                                                         :0
                                                                                                                                         u:>
                                                                                                                                          :J

                                                                                                                                         (Q

                                                                                                                                          <D

                                                                                                                                         m

                                                                                                                                          X

                                                                                                                                         <D

                                                                                                                                          :J
                                                                                                                                          0..

                                                                                                                                          ~

   Figure 30                                                                        Figure 31

6.3 Rename Range Extender SSID

Make your Range Extender SSID easier to remember by changing its name.

~            0                   ~                  ~                               0~
   Settings                                 SSID                                                 SSID

                                 CurrentSSID                                        CurrentSSID

GENERAL                          ( Phantom_1 08563                                             Please enter the last six numbers of MAC
Rotation lock                                                                                  Addrln Range Extender to confirm modify
Law Battery
Tutorial                         NewSSID                                        l.  ( T I 1~
Oear News Cache
Binding                          (Phantom_
Rename SSID Of Range Extender >
                                 Please use only"a.z·, "()..9", and·_·, and 24      l l( Cancel
       Figure 32                 characters at most                                              ( OK

                                    Figure 33                                                  Figure 34

(1) Tap "Rename SSID of Range Extender" in the Settings page. Enter a new SSID name (e.g. Phantom_Tom) in the
     textbox.

(2) Tap 1!,1 and you will be asked to enter the last six characters of your MAC address on the Range Extender to
     confirm the change. The MAC address can be found on the sticker on your Range Extender. If your MAC address is
     60:60:1F:60:41:E7, then enter 6041E7.

(3) Tap "OK" to confirm the change. The Range Extender will automatically restart and the App will return to the settings
     page. Approximately 30 seconds later, the new network name can be found in the Wi-Fi list of your mobile device.
     Select and connect the renamed network to use the OJI VISION App.

6.4 Binding the Phantom 2 Vision+ and Range Extender

If the connection between the Phantom 2 Vision+ and the Range
Extender fails, or one of them needs to be repaired or replaced, a
camera and Range Extender binding will need to be performed through
the DJI VISION App.

                                                                                                          Figure 35
     Assembly and Use

     (i) Power on the camera and Range Extender.
     (2) Approximately 30 seconds later, press the Binding Reset Button on the Range Extender with a pin until the SYSTEM

          Indicator turns off. The Range Extender will then restart automatically.
     (3) Approximately 30 seconds later, the SYSTEM Indicator will start to blink green, indicating that the Range Extender is

          ready for binding.
     (4) Enable Wi-Fi on your mobile device then select "Phantom_)(XXXXX" the (SSIDof your Range Extender) from theWi-Fi

          network list
     (5) Run the DJI VISION App then tap -> Settings -> General -> Binding (Figure 36). Select 'Scan OR Code' to scan

          the camera OR code on the bottom of aircraft (Figure 37). Get the camera SSID (E.g. FC200_xxxxxx) and the MAC
          address (Figure 38). You can also skip the scan and enter the camera MAC address directly (Figure 39). The MAC
          address can be found on the camera label.

     (6) Tap the tick 1!1 in the top right corner. The Range Extender should automatically restart. Binding is now complete.

     ~  Settongs                  0

                     GENERAL
                   Rotation Lock

                   LowBatteoy

                  Tutorial

OL

~ Clear News Cache

                  Binding

                      Figure 36                                                         Figure 37                           Scan the camera OR code on
                                                                                                                                  the bottom of aircraft
 :::l                                                                                   0~
(Q                                                                           Bmd1ng                            MAC Address  0

s-CD ~

0
' - Curren! Binding

:::;

(/)

0z                                                                                         FC200_000539    1
                                                                New Scanned             60:60:1F:00:05:39
                                                                                                           j.
f)>

Ll SSID

lLl
                                                           MAC Address

                                                                             Figure 38                         Figure 39

     0 DO NOT push the Binding Reset Button of the Range Extender unless you are ready to rebind the Range
              Extender and the camera. This will unbind your camera so you must follow the steps above for rebinding.

        If both the Phantom 2 Vision+ and the Range Extender are powered on and working normally, you will be able
        to find the SSID on the Wi-Fi list of your mobile device.

     ··/v"'")·· · The OR code is located on the bottom cover of the Phantom 2 Vision+. If you cannot find the OR code, please

              contact DJI customer service and provide your camera serial number (printed on the label of the camera) so
              they can generate a new OR code for you.
            · Photographing and saving the OR code is recommended to prevent loss.

     7.1 Download and Install

     Download DJI VISION App
     Download and install the DJI VISION App. Choose one of the download methods below.
     Search "DJI VISION" on the App Store then follow instructions for iOS version.
     Search "DJI VISION" on Google Play then follow instructions for Android version.

                                                               ~ Get1ton

                                       Jll"'"" Coogle play

      iOS6. i or above Android 4.0 or above

     22 © 20-:5 OJ!. All Righ:s Reserveci.
                                                                                                                                                        Assembly and Use

Supported mobile devices
iOS (iOS6.1 or above) Recommended: iPhone4S, iPhone5, iPhone5S, iPhone5C,iPhone6, iPhone6 Plus, iPod Touch4,

                                                      iPod Touch5; Available but not recommended: iPad3, iPad4, iPad mini, iPad Air.
Android (4.0 or above): Samsung Galaxy 83, 84, Note2, Note3 or mobile devices of similar configuration.

EJ.:I DJI continues to support many mobile devices and any information from users are welcome. Please send any

         questions or queries to the following mailbox: phantom2vision@dji.com.

it. The DJI website is regularly updated. Check back often for latest App updates.

7.2 Register and Login

Access the Internet to register and login.

                                                                                        C5J 0Register                   C5J Log1n 0                                                       0

                                                                                              Email  email@example.com  ll Email     email@example.com  l                                 :0;;:
                                                                                                                                     required
                                                                                              Password required         ll Password                     J                                 :::l

                                                                                                                        Forgot password?                                                  0

                                SHARE YOUR AERIAL MASTERPIECES                                                                         ®                l                                 o:>
                                       Ommloadplcturesand\'ldC08direcllyiD)'<lU'mobile                                                                                                    0.
                                   devlcesondsilarelhemirlslanlly<lfllir>e                                              ( Create New Account
                                                                                                                                                                                          c::o:l
[1]---+-----,
                                                                                                                                                                                          o:>
[2]
                                                                                                                                                                                           :::l
Figure 40                                                                                            Figure 41                       Figure 42
                                                                                                                                                                                          0.
[1] Register
                                                                                                                                                                                           :::l
   Tap 'Register' to enter the registration page. Fill in your Email and Password information and then tap & to create a
                                                                                                                                                                                           (j)
     new account.
                                                                                                                                                                                          PI

                                                                                                                                                                                          c:o::l
                                                                                                                                                                                          g:

                                                                                                                                                                                           <D

                                                                                                                                                                                           0

                                                                                                                                                                                           <....

                                                                                                                                                                                          <

                                                                                                                                                                                           (i)

                                                                                                                                                                                          0z

                                                                                                                                                                                           )>
                                                                                                                                                                                          "0
                                                                                                                                                                                          "0

:.:(;): The DJI account works with all DJI Assistant and Apps.

[2] Login

   Tap 'Login' to enter the login page. Fill in your registered Email and Password and then tap & to login.

   it. Log in to your account the first time you use the DJI VISION App.

      :\): Tap "Forgot Password" if you have forgotten your login details.

[3] Usage tips
     Useful tips will display when you enter the welcome page. Tap the screen to display the next tip.

[ 3 ] - - - - - 1 - - - @ camera Connected

                                      .----@ lnterentConnected-
                                            ® No Wi-Fi Connection

                                                                                        CAMERA       ALBUM

                                                                                        NEWS         SETTINGS           Figure 43

                                                                                                                                            (~ 2015 D.JI 1::..11 Rk'J~1tS Rr:-scrveo  23
      Assembly and Use                                                                         a5 J Settings

       ··/v"')·· Enable the "Tutorial" switch in the Settings page to get

               hints and tips the first time you use the DJ_I VISION App.

                                                                                   Figure 44   GENERAL
                                                                                               Rotation Lock
                                                                                               Low Battery
                                                                                               Tutorial
                                                                                               Clear News Cache
                                                                                               Binding

      Before flight, always connect your smartphone to the Phantom's Wi-Fi network. This is required for the camera control

      and FPV.

0
0
:::l  8.1 Connecting Procedures
:::l

g_CD
        Follow these instructions to connect a mobile device to the Phantom 2 Vision+ camera.

:::l  (1) Power on the Remote Controller and the Range Extender.
(Q

s: (2) Power on the Phantom 2 Vision+.
CD
      (3) Enable the Wi-Fi on your mobile device; wait for about 30 seconds, and then select "Phantom_XXXXXX" from theWi-
0m         Fi network list (Figure45).
3
CD (4) Run the DJI VISION App on your mobile device. When the Wi-Fi Computer Connection status on the App main menu
ii) goes green, the connection is good (Figure46).

      (5) Tap the "CAMERA" icon and the DJI VISION App will begin a live camera preview (Figure47). This means everything

      is functioning normally.

                                r

                                                  Wi-Fi

                Enable Wi-Fi -  [ Wi..fi                 (~:IJN;( ) )

                                Choose a Network...

                Select          FC200_000539             ..,~
                                                         ..,~
      Phantom_XXXXXX - - " Phanlom_1 00020

                                                                           CAMERA  ALBUM

                                Other ···                       )

                                I ~)Ask to Join Networks

                                 Known networks will be joined

                                           Figure 45                       Figure 46

                                                                                   Figure 47

      Wi-Fi Computer Connection Status Description

      ·IQ} Solid green Wi-Fi is connected to the Phantom 2 Vision+.

      ·X§): Solid blue Wi-Fi is connected to another Wi-Fi network, not to the Phantom 2 Vision+.

                         Off No Wi-Fi connection.

      E§ · The SSID is unique for each Phantom 2 Vision+ It will appear as Phantom_XXXXXX in your Wi-Fi list.

              · Android users can tap the SSID button on the main page to mobile device Wi-Fi settings directly.

      24 © 20"1 5 DJL 1\tl RiQhls Reserved.
Flight

Once pre-flight preparation is complete, it is recommended to carry out the tasks in the Phantom Pilot Training Guide
to prepare for more complex flight maneuvers and learn to fly safely. Ensure that all flights are carried out in a suitable
location.

Flight Environment Requirements

(1) Do not use the aircraft in severe weather conditions. These include wind speed exceeding category 4, snow, rain
     and smog.

(2) Fly in open fields as high buildings or steel structures may affect the accuracy of the onboard compass.
(3) Keep the Phantom away from obstacles, crowds, high voltage power lines, trees or bodies of water when in flight.
(4) Reduce the chance of electromagnetic interference by not flying in areas with high levels of electromagnetism,

     including base stations or radio transmission towers.
(5) The Phantom cannot operate within the polar areas.
(6) Do not fly the aircraft within no-fly zones specified by local laws and regulations.

Preflight Checklist                                                                                                                                                0

(1) Remote Controller, smart battery, Range Extender and smartphone are fully charged.                                                                             ~
(2) Propellers are mounted correctly.
(3) Gimbal clamp has been removed.                                                                                                                                 cr
(4) Damping absorbers are in good condition, not broken or worn.
(5) Anti-drop kits have been mounted correctly.                                                                                                                    ~-
(6) Camera lens cap has been removed.
(7) Micro-SO card has been inserted if necessary.                                                                                                                  c:o::l
(8) Gimbal is functioning as normal.
(9) Motors can start and are functioning as normal.                                                                                                                3-

(1O) OJI VISION App can connect to the camera.                                                                                                                      CD

,;~ 0~~l.Jili~~,~~r .                                                                                                                                              0

IMPORTANT: Make sure to calibrate the compass in every new flight location. The compass is very sensitive to                                                        0
electromagnetic interference, which can cause abnormal compass data leading to poor flight performance or even flight
failure. Regular calibration is required for optimum performance.                                                                                                  3
                                                                                                                                                                   -o

                                                                                                                                                                    Ill

                                                                                                                                                                    (fJ
                                                                                                                                                                     (fJ

0 ·DO NOT calibrate your compass where there is a chance of strong magnetic interference, such as magnetite,

          parking structures, and steel reinforcements underground.
        · DO NOT carry ferromagnetic materials with you during calibration such as keys or cellular phones.

        · DO NOT calibrate beside massive metal objects.

1.1 Calibration Procedures

Choose an open space to carry out the following procedures. Watch the Phantom 2 Vision+ quick start video for more
details.

                                                                                                                    ··--:···--·-·········-··--r..-·- --

                             I                                                                                      i LED Flight i
Start cali.                                                                                                                             ~
                                 '!I!!                                                                           ~       !. Indicator
                                                                                                                    _____!______ .....  - ·...  -        -  -
             r--·----_L---~··---···-·o
                                        '-j                                  LED Flight Indicator                I.Normal LEDiI      :Red, Yellow
             i LED Flight Indicator                                                                              !                   :flashing in turn
                                                                       ~---~~~~S~o~li~d~G~!re~~e~nj~O.~·--.')-J
             [ Solid Yellow                                                                                      ,                         Fail

               Start horizontal calibration!                                                                        Succeed  l!

             ~~- -- ------~-,.--~--~-----·.....:.~---~..:..----~--~·J                                            L~--··---··"-----1

                                                                       Position-1 (!!':,

                                    ' Position-3 :@.., ·                                  ~~---·· Re~calibrate

             -- ----- -- -- · · !Positon-1->Positon-3
                                    :_=>:Positon1 ~lip once

                                                                       Figure 48

                                                                                                                    {© 2015 DJL Ali Rights Reservec.           25
      Flight

       :.:\): If compass calibration is needed before flight, a prompt will appear on the DJI VISON App's camera page. It will
               disappear after successful calibration.

      1.2 When to Recalibrate

      (I) When compass data is abnormal, the rear LED flight indicator will blink red and yellow.
      (2) Flying in different location to last flight.
      (3) Mechanical structure of the Phantom has changed, i.e. changed mounting position of the compass.
      (4) Severe drifting occurs in flight, i.e. Phantom does not fly in straight lines.

      2.1 Starting Motors

      A Combination Stick Command (CSC) is used to start the motors instead of
      simply pushing the stick up. Push both sticks to their bottom corners to start the
      motors. Once the motors have spun up, release both sticks simultaneously.

(f)

~-
--:::l
                                                                                          Figure 49
(Q

(f) 2.2 Stopping Motors
0
"0    There are two methods to stop the motors.
"0

:::l Method 1: When the Phantom has landed, push the throttle down, then conduct CSC. Motors will stop immediately.

(Q

s: Release both sticks once motors stop.
CD Method 2: When the aircraft has landed, push the throttle down and hold. Motors will stop after 3 seconds.
:5::

0

Q
(f)

      [1]                                        [2]
                 Figure 50
                                                                                          Figure 51

      0 Do not execute CSC during normal flight. This will stop the motors and cause the aircraft to drop without control.

      :\): · Conduct the CSC as neatly as you can. Release the sticks once motors start/stop.
             · Pull down the throttle stick to descend. The stick will lock into place and the aircraft will descend steadily. Push
               the throttle stick upward to release throttle lock.

      3.1 Take off/Landing Procedures

      (i) Place the Phantom 2 Vision+ on open flat ground with battery indicators facing towards you.
      (2) Power on the Remote Controller and Range Extender, then the Smart Flight Battery.
      (3) Launch the DJI VISION App and start bind it with your smartphone then enter the camera preview page.
      (4) Wait until the Rear LED Flight Indicator blinks green. This means it has initialized and is Ready to Ry.lf it flashes yellow,

           it is in Ready to Fly (non-GPS) mode and will require more careful flight. Execute the CSC command to start motors.
      (5) Push the throttle up slowly to take off. Refer to Remote Controller Operation (Page 18) for more details.
      (6) Shoot photos and videos using the DJI VISION App. Refer to DJI VISION App Usage (Page 32) for more details.
      (7) To land, hover over a level surface and gently pull down on the throttle gently to descend.
      (8) After landing, execute the CSC command or hold the throttle at its lowest position for 3 seconds or more until the

           motors stop.
      (9) Turn off the smart battery, Range Extender and Remote Controller.

      26 © 20~ 5 O,Ji. All Riqhts Reserveo.
                                                                                     Flight

& ·When the Rear LED Flight Indicator blinks yellow rapidly during flight, the aircraft has entered Failsafe mode.

         Refer to Failsafe Function(Page 27) for details.

       · A low battery level warning is indicated by the Rear LED Flight Indicator blinking red slowly or rapidly during
         flight. Refer to the Low Battery Level Warning Function(Page 28) for details.

       · View tutorials about flight for rnore flight information:www.dji.corn/phantom2visionplus/training.
       · Aircraft and battery performance is subject to environmental factors such as air density and temperature. Be .

         very careful when flying 3000 meters (9800 feet) or rnore above sea level, as battery and aircraft performance
          may be reduced.

3.2 Video Suggestions and Tips                                                                                                                'Tl
                                                                                                                                              ~-
(I) Work through the check list before each flight.
(2) Set the gimbal working rnode to Stabilized.                                                                                               (fl
(3) Aim to shoot when flying in Ready to Fly only.
(4) Always fly in good weather, such as sunny or windless days.                                                                               O:l
(5) Change camera settings to suit you. These include FOV, photo format and exposure compensation.
(6) Take flight tests to establish flight routes and scenes.                                                                                  ai
(7) Push the sticks gently to make aircraft movements stable and smooth.
                                                                                                                                              'cTl
The Phantom will enter Failsafe mode when its connection to the Remote Controller is lost The Flight Control System will
automatically control the aircraft to return to home and land to prevent injury or damage.                                                    g_:::J

         Home Point: When the Phantom enters 'Ready to Fly' from the 'Ready to Fly status (non-GPS)', the GPS                                 0
         coordinates will be recorded and set as the home point                                                                               :::J
         · When Remote Controller signal is lost, the aircraft will return to the recorded home point coordinates and land.
         · Home point coordinates are used to calculate the horizontal distance of the aircraft (shown as "Distance" on the

           GUI of the DJI VISION App).
         · After successfully record the home point, rear LED flight indicators blink fast green.

        Dynamic Home Point: The Home point will be reset to position of the mobile device at specific time intervals.

         · Enable dynamic home point in DJI Vision app or Phantom 2 Assistant.
         · Dynamic home point is only available to the GPS-enabled mobile device. Turn on GPS and data service to

           obtain higher accuracy of the mobile device position.
         · Dynamic home point is useful in situations when you are in motion and require a Home point that is different

           from the takeoff point.

4.1 When Will Failsafe Activate?

(I) The Remote Controller is powered off.
(2) The Phantom has flown out of effective remote controller range.
(3) The signal between the Remote Controller and the Phantom has been blocked.
(4) There is interference causing a signal problem with the Remote Controller.

4.2 Failsafe Procedure

Initiating the Failsafe mode from different flying statuses will results in different landing processes.
Ready to Fly(non-GPS)- Automatic landing
The Right Control System will keep the aircraft level during descent and landing. It may be drift during the descent and landing process.
Ready to Fly- Automatic go home and land
The Flight Control System will automatically control the aircraft to fly back to the home point and land.

j I Record Home Point                      2 Flying                              3 Remote Controller signal lost

!                                          ~@        -y                          ~@  ~
                                               -
I~= -y-
                                           LED Right Indicator Green flashing    LED Flight Indicator Yellow flashing
 LED Right Indicator
 Yellow flashing-;. Green flashing         5 Fly back to home point              6 Landing after hovering I 5s                             I

 4 Signal lost lasts 3s, begin to go home                ·-----------------:-y-    y

           -y-                               * <4~-e!~~~~~:r_~o-~~~oint>20m      d ...
                                                                                                   @
~.                                            . l E'.,;va:e loJ ::,:"r> ~
               ®                                                                 LED Flight Indicator Yellow flashing
                                                    T "@?>;,-..
 LED Flight Indicator Yellow flashing
                                           d Height over home point<-20m

                                           LED Flight Indicator Yellow flashing
                                                            Figure 52

                                                                                 27© 2015 DJL AI! Ri~.(1:s Reserveo.
Flight

,& o To ensure the aircraft successful-return to home after Failsafe activation, aim to only fly in Ready to Fly mode.

        o The Phantom will automatically descend during the Failsafe process if there are less than 6 GPS satellites
           detected for more than 20 seconds.

        o When the aircraft is landing automatically, users can control the aircraft's position and altitude if the remote
           controller signal is recovered.

        o Aircraft cannot navigate around vertical obstacles on its return home course during Failsafe. However, you can set
           return home altitude value in Phantom Assistant to avoid hitting vertical obstacles through DJI Phantom Assistant.

 -·v()·· Quickly flipping the S2 switch of the Remote Controller from top to bottom 5 times or more will reset the current

          aircraft position as a new home point. Rear LED flight indicators will blink green rapidly when successful.

Failsafe on the DJI VISION App
The DJI VISION App will provide information during Failsafe.

                                      Figure 53                                                       Figure 54

4.3 Regaining Control During Failsafe Procedures

Position of Switch S1                 /(gj>l                                                                            (~·          /~\
How to regain control                 i .,    J                                                                                      '\ I
                                                                                                                            II
                                            /                                                                                                         /
                                                                                                                         '/
                                      Poslbon-1                                                                       Posafon-2    Posftlon-3

                       Wheri the S1 switch is switched to Position-1, toggle                                          Regain control as soon as signal is
                       the S1 switch to any other position once to regain                                             recovered.
                       control. If the Remote Controller signal is recovered,
                       control is returned to the pilot.

If the DJI smart battery is depleted to a point that may affect the safe return of the aircraft, the low battery level warning
notifies users to take action. Users are advised to land the aircraft immediately when they observe these warnings. The
thresholds for these warnings are automatically determined based on the current aircraft altitude and its distance from
the Home point. Details of the battery level warning are listed below:

                       Critical Low              Sufficient battery                                                   Estimated
                       battery level             level(Green)                                                         remaining
                       warning(Red)                                                                                   flight time

                                      Low battery            Current                                                  20~in
                                      level warning(Yellow)  battery level

                                                     Battery level indicator                            "$" Qao%

                                                   -··                                                r!' ll.·
                                                                                                             . . SS%
                                       8                                                                 [Jill]

                                      ~                                                               ~.
                                                                                                          0
                                      ..ml& .                                                         1------

                                      r-\._\.::j:://rnst.Brn:e:181.5ft Altituda:118.7ft Spoed:O.Omph     III

                                                           Figure 55

28 © 2015 DJL f:1li Rights ReserJed.
                                                                                                                                         Flight

Sufficient battery Sufficient battery Green LED blinks  No message prompts                                         Operating normally, no
                                                                                                                   specific action needed
level             level             slowly

                                                        When "Go-Home" is

                                                        selected in the Phantom

                                                        Assistant, this message

                                                        will appear:
                                                        ,--:-··----:-·--·- ____.._____ ---.·------.~-;-----~-~--~
                                                                      __-::'"    ~--

                                                                      Go Home In 10 SecOnds

                                                                If yow ,;;,nccl; th.;., may ~ot6e enoUgh ·
                                                                battery powe(~o-retum to the _110~·

                                                                - P9iDt!.        '                                 Fly the Phantom 2
                                                                                                                   Vision+ back and land
Low battery       The battery       Red LED blinks      Tap "Go-home" to have                                      it as soon as possible,
level warning     power is low.     slowly.             the aircraft return to the                                 then stop the motors
                  Please land the                       Home point and land                                        and replace the battery.
                  aircraft.                             automatically, or "Cancel"
                                                        to resume normal flight.
                                                        If no action is taken, the                                                               I
                                                        aircraft will automatically                                                              0
                                                        go horne and land after 10
                                                        seconds.                                                                                 :;;;:

Critical Low      The aircraft      Red LED blinks      The OJI Vision App screen                                  The Phantom 2 Vision+          (D
battery level     must land         quickly.            will flash red and aircraft                                will begin to descend
warning           immediately.                                                                                     and land automatically.       ~
                                                        starts to descend.                                                                       (ij

Estimated         Estimated         N/A                 N/A                                                        N/A                           -<
remaining flight  remaining flight
time              based on current                                                                                                               I
                  battery level.
                                                                                                                                                 C<D

                                                                                                                                                 ~

                                                                                                                                                 ~

                                                                                                                                                  OJ

                                                                                                                                                 3

                                                                                                                                                  ::J

                                                                                                                                                 .,(Q

                                                                                                                                                 c

                                                                                                                                                 :g:J.

                                                                                                                                                 a·

                                                                                                                                                  ::J

·-(v-\·· Color zones on the battery level indicator  '~ (!                     · 20min reflect estimated remaining

       flight time and are adjusted automatically, according to the aircraft's current status.

       When the critical battery level warning activates and the aircraft is descending to land automatically, you may

       push the throttle upward to hover the aircraft and navigate it to a more appropriate location for landing.

Lt, When these warnings are triggered, please bring the aircraft back to the Home point or land to avoid losing

       power during flight.

Low Battery Level Warning on the DJI VISION App

Battery level warnings will show on the camera page of the DJI VISION App when the battery level is low.
(1) A red light will flash along the edges of the app screen.
(2) Audible alarm. Make sure sound is turned on and volume is turned up on your mobile device.
(3) The aircraft battery icon will turn red.

                                                                                                                   The aircraft battery
                                                                                                                   icon will turn red

                                                     Figure 56
Flight

All unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) operators should abide by all regulations from such organizations as the ICAO
(International Civil Aviation Organization) and their own national airspace regulations. For safety reasons, the flight limits
function is enabled by default to help users use this product safely and legally. The flight limits function includes height,
distance limits and No Fly Zones.
In Ready to Fly mode, height, distance limits and No Fly Zones work together to manage flight. In Ready to Fly (non-GPS)
status, only height limits work and flights cannot go higher than 120m.

EJ3 Default parameters in Assistant are compliant within the definitions of class G ruled by ICAO. (Refer to Airspace

           Definition to get more details). As each country has its own rules, make sure to configure these parameters to
          comply with these rules before flying.

6.1 Max Height & Radius Limits

Max Height & Radius limits flying height and distance. Configuration can be done in the Phantom 2 Vision+ Assistant
(Figure 57). Once complete, your Phantom will fly in a restricted cylinder (Figure 58).

                                                                                         Max Height         Max Radius

Ml1li.                                                                                                                  Home Point
                                                                                             -.l.-1;-----t- Height of aircraft
;t R~f~rll>t~~mar~ualle9'l'Hii\'Wls
                                                                                                                        when powered on
'-'·· · ·  ·"'·"< ·c
                                                                                                   Figure 58
                                             Figure 57

                                     Limits                       DJI VISION App             Rear LED flight indicator

Max Height                           Flight height must be under  Warning: Height limit      None.
Max Radius                           the set height.              reached.
                                                                                             Rapid red flashing .(R'r ··· ·· ·when close to
                                     Flight distance must be within Warning: Distance limit
                                                                                             the max radius limit. ..,.
                                     the rnax radius.             reached.

Max Height            Flight Limits                                         DJI VISION App                  Rear LED flight indicator
Max Radius            Flight height restricted to 120m and under.           Warning: Height limit reached.  None.
                      No limits

Lt, · If you fly out of the limit, you can still control the Phantom, but cannot fly it further.

       · If the Phantom flies out of the max radius in Ready to Fly (non-GPS) mode, it will fly back within range
         automatically.

6.2 Flight Restriction of Restricted Areas

Restricted areas include airports worldwide. All restricted areas are listed on the DJI official website at http://www.dji.
com/fly-safe/category-me. Restricted areas are divided into category A and category B. Category A areas cover rnajor
international airport such as LAX and Heathrow, while category B areas includes smaller airports.

30 (C) 20'5 DJI. All Rights Reserved.
                                                                                                                                                                 Flight

Category A Safety Zone
(1) The category A "safety zone" is comprised of a small "no-fly zone" and a range of "restricted-altitude zones". Flight

     is prevented in the "no-fly zone" but can continue with height restrictions in the restricted-altitude zone.
(2) 1.5 miles (2.4 km) around a designated safety zone is a no-fly zone, inside which takeoff is prevented.
(3) 1.5 miles (2.4 km) to 5 miles (8 km) around restricted areas are altitude restricted, with maximum altitude going from

     35 feet (1 0.5 m) at 1.5 miles (2.4 km) to 400 feet (120m) at 5 miles (8 km).
(4) A "warning zone" has been set around the safety zone. When you fly within 320 feet (100m) of the safety zone, a

     warning message will appear on the DJI Vision app.

Category 8 Safety Zone
(1) Category B "safety zone" is comprised of a "no-fly zone" and a "warning zone".
(2) 0.6 miles (1 km) around the safety zone is a designated "no-fly zone".
(3) A "warning zone" has been set around the safety zone. When you fly within 0.6 miles (1 Km) of this zone, a warning

     will appear on the DJI Vision app.

', 40iJfeet                                         Restricted-altitude Warning zone       I·0.6mile+a.6mile..j ·
                                                    flight zone
,~Jf= ~''-5:-ile_._~_:-~--~                                                                                                 No-fly zone Warning zone Free zone

                                    Figure 59: Category A                                  Figure 60: Category B

Ready to Fly -~~ ···· ··Greeo flashing.                       . .·.. . :_                  .

Zone                 Restriction                              DJI VISION App Notification                        Rear LED
                                                                                                                 Flight Indicator

                     Motors will not start.                   Warning: You are in a No-fly zone. Take off
                                                              prohibited.

    No-fly Zone      It the Phantom enters the restricted                                                          -:(~- ......
                     area in Ready to Fly (non-GPS) mode Warning: You are in a No-fly zone, automatic
Restricted-altitude  but Ready to Fly mode activates, the landing has begun. (If you are within 1.5 mile         Red flashing
     flight zone     Phantom will automatically descend to radius)
                     land then stop its motors after landing.

                     If the Phantom enters a restricted area  Warning: You are in a restricted zone.
                                                              Descending to safe altitude. (If you are between
                     in Ready to Fly (non-GPS) mode and
                     Ready to Fly mode activates, it will     the range of 1.5 mile and 5 mile radius)

                                                              Warning: You are in a restricted zone. Max flight
                     descend to a safe altitude and hover 15 height restricted to between 10.5m and 120m.
                     feet below the safe altitude.
                                                              Fly Cautiously.

Warning zone         No flight restriction applies, but there Warning: You are approaching a restricted

                     will be warning message.                 zone, Fly Cautiously.

Free zone            No restrictions.                         None.                                              None.

1:]3 Semi-automatic descent: All stick commands are available except the throttle stick cornrnand during the

          descent and landing process. Motors will stop automatically after landing. Users will regain control once the
          motors have stopped. There is no need to toggle the S1 switch.

& ·When flying in the safety zone, LED flight indicators will blink red -:(B> ......quickly and continue for 3 seconds,

          then switch to indicate current flying status and continue for 5 seconds at which point it will switch back to red
          blinking.
        · For safety reasons, please do not fly close to airports, highways, railway stations, railway lines, city centers and
          other special areas. Try to ensure the aircraft is visible.

                                                                                                 31(:g) 20 ~5 D,JL ,4!! Rigr;t~; Rese·vecL
DJI VISION App Usage

6.3 Conditions of Flight Limits

In different working modes and flight modes, flight limits will differ according to number of GPS satellites found. The
following table demonstrates all the cases(..J: available; x:unavailable).

All flights are restricted by height, distance and special areas simultaneously.

0

c._

      6.4 Disclaimer

        Please ensure that you are up to date with international and domestic airspace rules and regulations before using
        this product. By using this product, you hereby agree to this disclaimer and signify that you have read this fully. You
        agree that you are responsible for your own conduct and content while using this product, and for any direct or indirect
        consequences caused by not following this manual, violating or disregarding other applicable local laws, administrative
        rules and social habits thereof.

    OJ I VISION App Usage

        The DJI VISION App controls the Phantom 2 Vision+ camera including capture, recording, settings and pitch angle. It
        also displays essential flight information including flight parameters and battery level.

After logging in you will see the VISION App home screen. This shows current Wi-Fi connection status and the four main
features of the App.

(ffi) C/}1 [Q)                     @    Camera     Tap to enter the Camera view screen
                                         Album     Tap to enter your Album of photos and videos
      <·l Phantom 100020 )         ~      News     Tap to read the latest OJI News
                                   §]   Settings   Tap to change and view app Settings
@]       ~                         ~    Manuals    Tap to view and download manuals
                                        Checklist  Tap to enter the preflight checklist
 CAMERA    ALBUM                   @]

                                   1~1

[@       ®                         & ·When using the camera and the SO card album (Page 37), connect your

   NEWS  SETTINGS                           mobile device to the Phantom 2 Vision+ Wi-Fi network.

Figure 61                                 · Internet access is required for sharing photos, videos and reading OJI news.
                                          · If you receive a phone call during a flight, the live camera preview screen may

                                            be interrupted. It's recommended to ignore the call and pay attention to your
                                            flight.

32 © 2015 DJL Ail Riohts Reserved
                                                                                             DJI VISION App Usage

                                                                                             ----c=--+--- [1 OJ
                                                                                                   +-+---[11)

                                                                                             f-+---[12)

                                                                                             @--1----[13)

            [3) --,~~:=-:;:;L:;.-:;:::::=-;=;;=;;=:=::=;:=:-=;;=;;!=;;=-;=-:=-;=;=::=::=;:=-;=;=;::::::;::_-_')--_---lL_~I~-1---- (14)

            [4] - - - - - - - - - - '                  Figure 62

[1] Return [2] Camera Pitch Control [3] Flight Attitude and Radar Function [4] Flight Parameters [5] Wi-Fi Signal Strength [6]
Flight Battery Level [7] Aircraft GPS Status [8] Micro-SO Card Status [9] Range Extender Battery Level [10] Remaining
Shots [11] Shutter Button [12] Video Recording Button [13] Camera Settings [14] Hide or Show Flight Parameters
[15] Rear LED Flight Indicator Status

[1] Return

     E:!-Return to the preview page

[2] Camera Pitch Control

   13 £I 13-Pitch Control switch is white tap once to highlight it and enter Accelerometer Sensor Mode. Tap again to

     return to normal.

Normal Mode

I I fl ITap up arrow to pitch camera upwards and down arrow to pitch downwards. Green slider indicates current

camera pitch.

            Gimbal pitch control (Normal Mode)                                               Gimbal pitch movement

                         . ~'

                                            Figure 63                                        Figure 64
Accelerometer Sensor Mode

The gimbal pitch movement is controlled by moving your mobile device. Pitch forward to pitch camera down and
backward to pitch camera up.

            ... ..Gimbal pitch,,control (Accelerometer Sensor Mode)                          Gimbal pitch movement
                                                                                         ~'

            Altitude: 118.1ft .Spaed: O.Omph

            Figure 65                                  Figure 66                             Figure 67

& In Accelerometer Sensor Mode, the pitch angle indicator will show a grey area. When the green pitch indicator

       is inside the grey area, the camera will move according to pitch gestures. When the indicator reaches the

       boundary of the grey area, pitch gestures will control the camera's pitch speed at a constant rate.
DJI VISION App Usage

[3] Flight Attitude and Radar Function

Flight attitude is indicated by the flight attitude icon.                                      Figure 68
(1) The red arrow shows which direction the Phantom 2 Vision+ is facing.
(2) Light blue and dark blue areas indicate pitch.
(3) Pitching of the boundary between light blue and dark blue area shows roll angle.
(4) An orange circle around the radar indicates that the dynamic home point is not available.

     A green circle around the radar indicates that the dynamic home point is available and
     a new home point has been set.

Tap flight attitude icon to turn on the radar function. Home in the center of the radar and the red icon indicates the
Phantom 2 Vision+'s current heading, direction, and approximate distance from home. Tap flight attitude icon again
to disable the radar.The current longitude and latitude of the aircraft is displayed on the bottom of the radar.

                                                                        .,_.,----Aircraft Position
                                                                         T----Mobile Device Position

                      Figure 69                      Figure 70

& ·By default, the center of the radar indicates the home point recorded by the Phantom 2 Vision+. Tap the

         center of the radar to switch the center to your mobile device's current location.
       · If your mobile device contains a compass, the top portion of the Radar is the direction you are pointing. If

         not, the radar will be oriented due north.
       · Distance units are metric in Figure 69 and Figure 70. Users can switch the unit to imperial in the settings page.

[4] Flight Parameters                                                  X

     Tap to set return home (RTH) altitude.          Go-Home Setting
     Distance: Horizontal distance from home point.
     Altitude: Vertical distance from horne point.   CurrentAltitl.lde  N/A
     Speed: Horizontal flying speed.
                                                     NawAititudo        20M

                                                     Set New Attitude

      :.\;): Distance value will show as N/A if the Phantom 2 Vision+ is not in "Ready to Fly" mode.

[5] Wi-Fi Signal Strength

     Indicates camera is connected to your mobile device and Wi-Fi is working normally.
     The connection between the camera and mobile device may fail if Wi-Fi signal strength is low. Refer to Phantom 2
     Vision+ CONNECTION BROKEN for more information.

[6] Flight Battery Level

     Show current flight battery level. When battery level is low and the battery icon turns red it is recommended to fly the
     aircraft back and land it as soon as possible. Please refer to Low Battery Level Warning Function (Page 28) to get
     more details.

[7] Aircraft GPS Status

     GPS status icon display the number of satellites found by the aircraft. The icon is highlighted when more than 6
     satellites are found, allow the Phantom to fly in "Ready to Fly" mode.

[8] Micro-SO Card Status

     Displays Micro-SO Card Status. Icon is highlighted when a valid Micro-SO card is inserted. If there is no Micro-SO
     card present, it is grayed out.

[9] Range Extender Battery Level

     Shows current battery level of the Range Extender. Refer to Checking the Battery Level (Page 21) for more details.

[10] Remaining Shots

       Displays estimated shots remaining, based on the current photo size setting and storage capacity of the Micro-SO
       card. This shows '0' if:
       (1) Micro-SO card is not inserted.
       (2) Micro-SO card is full.

34 © 2015 D.JL All Rigr-tts Reserved
                                                                                                                              DJI VISION App Usage

       (3) Micro-SO card is damaged.
       (4) Connection between the DJI VISION App and camera is broken.

[11] Shutter Button

       Tap to take photos.
       Single capture: press once for a single capture.
       Continuous capture: press once for 3 or 5 captures.
       Timed capture: press once to begin a timed capture, press again to stop.

     ·~<): Shutter button is disabled during video recording.

                · Capture modes can be reconfigured in camera settings; refer to the Camera Settings (Page35).

[12] Video Recording Button                                                                                                           -·· .,.. '""' ,. "l\"·"

       Start and stop video recording. Tap once to start recording. A red dot will                                            8 "r-80%
       blink to indicate recording is in progress and a time code will appear in                                                                                                     OEm
       the top right corner of the preview screen. Press again to stop recording.
                                                                                                                              ~ ~.··.·.
[13] Camera Settings                                                                                                          lt11i1 ..·.                                                 l
                                                                                                                                                                                     f---
       Tap to open the camera settings menu, refer to Camera Settings (Page 35).                                              t\._'t//oistance:51.1ft Altitude:106.2tt Speed:3.3mph
                                                                                                                                                                                         8)
[14] Hide or Show Flight Parameters
                                                                                                                              Figure 71
       Tap to hide flight parameters. Tap again to show.

                                                                                                                      .. 1\B                                                                 0

                                           Figure 72                                                                                                                                         ~

[15] Rear LED Flight Indicator Status                                                                                                                                                        3

       Displays the aircraft's current flight status. Tap for details.                                                                                                                       CD

                                                                                                                                                                                             iD

                                                                                                                                                                                              (/)

                                                                                                                                                                                             aCD:.

                                                                                                                                                                                              ::J
                                                                                                                                                                                             CQ

                                                                                                                                                                                              (/)

                                                                                                                              Figure 73

                  Figure 74                                                                                                   Figure 75

[I] Capture Mode [2] Photo Size [3] Video Resolution [4] Photo Format [5]1SO [6] White Balance [7] Exposure Metering [8]
Exposure Compensation [9] Sharpness [10] Anti-flicker [II] Restore Defaults [12] Format Micro-SO Card

[1] Capture Mode  Single capture.

   ···            3 captures.

           Iii    5 captures.

                  Configurable timed capture:                                                                                 8E2 I
                        a) Interval between shots (3-60 s)
                        b) Number of shots

                             (2-254, or number of picture is subject to the capacity of the memory card.)
DJI VISION App Usage

li91® ,*® ,*~\;>~ Capture Button will change according to the mode selected ~ ,0

[2] Photo Size                         Large: 4384 X 3288, 4:3, 14.4MP
                                       Medium: 4384 x 2922, 3:2, 12.8MP
            Iii                        Small: 4384 X 2466, 16:9, 10.8MP
           Ill
           II

[3] Video Resolution

           :esc· st  r=l               1920x1080 60i,  16: 9
           OCBCP 3t                    1920x1080 30p,  16: 9
           96CP 30                     1920x1080 25p,  16: 9
           l2CP 50                     1280x960 30p,
                                       1280x960 25p,    4:3
                                       1280x720 60p,    4:3
                                       1280x720 30p,   16: 9
                                       640x480 30p,    16: 9
                                                        4: 3(VGA)

·-(v"')-·  Three Field of View (FOV) options are supported when shooting in 1920x1080 60i, 1920x1080 30p and
           1920x1080 25p: Medium (110°) and Narrow (85°).

·[4] Photo Format                      JPEG
   ·
                                       RAW

                                       The Phantom 2 Vision+ camera shoots in JPEG and RAW file formats simultaneously

                                       when this option is selected. See the following table for detailed specifications.
                                       JPEG photo size: 4384x3288, 4384x2922, 4384x2466
                                       RAWphoto size: 4384x3288, 4384x2920, 4384x2464

·-(v"')-·  RAW can be edited using the most recent versions of Adobe Camera Raw for Photoshop and Adobe
           Lightroom.

[5] Selectable ISO                     AUTO            [6] White Balance  AWB (auto white balance)
                                       100                                Sunny
 El                                    200                      lAws!     Cloudy
                                       400                                Incandescent lamp
                                                             II

                                                           c

                                                             II

···[7] Exposure Metering               IC~&
    I
                                        Average

                                        Spot

Efl ·Center: The meter concentrates most on the center of the scene.

           · Average: Averages out the light levels for the entire image. This mode is used when the scene has no

           significant light difference.

           · Spot: Measures a small area in the center of the scene. This mode is used in a high contrast scene where

           the subject must be accurately exposed.

36 © 2015 D,JI_ All Rign1~~ Reserved.
                                                                       DJI VISION App Usage

--[9] Sharpness   -1.7(EV)  2.0(EV)                                    Anti-flicker
            &II   -1.3{EV)  1.7(EV)                                    50Hz
                  -1.0{EV)  1.3(EV)                                    60Hz
                  -O.?(EV)  1.0(EV)
                  -0.3(EV)  0.7(EV)
                  O(EV)     0.3(EV)

                 Standard               [1 0] Anti-flicker
                 Hard
                 Soft           -Ill

                                                111m
[11] Restore Defaults
                                                                                                                         2:::
       Restores all default camera settings. Flight battery restart is needed to allow restoration to take effect.
                                                                                                                         rcr
[12] Format Micro-SO Card
                                                                                                                         3
       Format the Micro-SO card. All data stored in the Micro-SO card will be lost after formatting. Remember to backup
       before formatting.                                                                                                 ""'()

;~~,,~~~~~:~                                                                                                             coo:J

The DJI VISION App has an SO Card album and a Mobile Device Photo Album. Images and videos on the SO Card                CD
album can be synchronized to the Mobile Device Photo Album.

IiiIn the DJI VISION App, tap EjJ to enter into the SO Card album and tap to enter into Mobile Device Photo Album.

                          SO CARD Album--------, .--------Mobile Device Photo Album

            [DDJnOO~DDn...nDD.....;
            DODD.----...----...----...------.

                                                                    Figure 76

& SO Card album is accessible when the mobile device is connected to Phantom 2 Vision+ Wi-Fi.

4.1 SO Card Album

Pictures stored in the camera are presented using Thumbnails.
Tap the corresponding thumbnail to view the picture.

[1] Photos and videos are listed and grouped by date.
[2] All photos and videos that have been synced to your mobile

    device are marked with E].

[3] Tap any thumbnail for single view mode. Tap a Photo thumbnail
     that hasn't been synchronized to the mobile device to view the
     photo. Swipe left or right to view the previous or next photo.
     Tap on a video thumbnail to play it and view the video length.
     A progress bar will appear at the bottom of the screen. Tap
     . . to enter single synchronization mode to synchronize a
     single photo or video, or to synchronize and play a video at the
     same time.

                                                                       Figure 77
DJI VISION App Usage

~                     1/74                                        0[)  ~    1/74                        J

              Figure 78                                                     Figure 79

H[4] Tap the  button to enter multiple synchronization mode (as shown in the following diagram). Tap thumbnails to

select photos or videos to synchronize to your mobile device (selected thumbnails are marked with a tick). Select

Bone or more groups to be synchronized by checking the box before the group, then tap to start synchronizing.
aDuring the synchronization process, users can tap
                                                                       to cancel synchronization. Photos and videos that have

been synchronized to the mobile device will remain.

Lt, Some mobile devices cannot support the synchronization of 1080i60 video files.

                                                                       [5]

                                                                            SDCARD                         ~-;-0

                                                                       DDDDDDD1!3 Today6Photos, 2Videos
                                                                       D
                                                                                                        I~ x- :
                                                                       0 Yesterday 7 Photos, 1 Video
                                                                                                        L~--J
                                                                                  Down!oadwg (9 teln
                                                                        · ~·~

                                                       Figure 80            Figure 81

[5] Tap "Cancel" or "Finished" to exit multiple synchronization mode and return to the SO Card page.

~\! Connect camera data port to a PC via a Micro-USB cable to copy photos or videos on the SO card album from
       the Micro-SO card to the PC conveniently.

4.2 Mobile Device Photo Album

                              ,----[2]
                                               [3]

                     ' - - - - - t t - - - H - - [ 1]

                                                                            .,.----1--Geo-tagged
                                                                                             locations

                                                                                         Figure 83
                                            [1] Browse all synchronized photos and videos in the album. Tap to view selected

                                                 photos or videos.
                                            [2] Photos and videos are displayed using thumbnails and sorted by capture time.
                                            [3] Pictures and videos are sorted by captured/recorded gee-tagged locations.

                             it, Internet access is required for map downloads.

           Figure 82

38 © 2015 DJI. Ail Rights Reserved<
                                                                                        DJI VISION App Usage

[4] Tap any thumbnail for single view; you can slide left or right to view the previous or next photo. Tap a video thumbnail
    to play a single video.

      (3:)             47/54            13:]              [5]                67/81      13:]

                                     Figure 84                               Figure 85
[5] Tap~ to share your photos and videos to social networks.

   & Access to the Internet is required for photo and video sharing.

View the latest OJI news. (Internet access is required.)

            C5J        News                               C5J Read More

                                                          DJI Spreading Wings 8900:                                            z
                                                          Create Anywhere
                                                                                                                               <D
                                                          ~ Au;:,us! J4 20:4
                                                                                                                               :iE

                                                                                                                                (/)

                                                                                                                               -u

                                                                                                                               OJ

                                                                                                                               (Q

                                                                                                                               <D

                                                                                                                                (/)

                                                                                                                               8:.

                                                                                                                                ::J
                                                                                                                               (Q

                                                                                                                                (/)

                                                                                                                               -u

                                                                                                                                OJ

                                                                                                                               (Q

                                                                                                                                <D

                       Figure 86                                      Figure 87

                                        C5J Settings                                    [5] Settings

                                  [10]                                N/A >      [15]                               CD

[ 1]                              [11]                                > [16]                                        a::::J

[2]                               [12]                               CD          [17]                                       >

[3]                               [13]                               a::::J      [18]                                       >

[4]                                                                              [19]   Rename Range Extender SSID          >

                                                                                 [20]   Upgrade Range Extender              >

[5] [21]

[6] [14] CD

[7]                                     Low Battery                  CD          [22]

[8]                                     Tulorial                     a::::J      [23]

[9]                                     Clear News cache                     > [24]

            Figure 88                                     Figure 89                     Figure 90

                                                                                 39t§?015DJI. /\H Rights R8S8!"VGCL
DJI VISION App Usage

[1] Toolbar Auto Hide

    Slide the switch from left to right to enable this function. Toolbar will auto hide on the camera page.

                  Figure 9i: Tool bar Auto Hide Disabled   Figure 92: Toolbar Auto Hide Enabled

[2] When Connection Breaks

~ When Connection Breaks                                   Stop Recording:
                                                           Enabled: Stop recording if the Wi-Fi connection between the
( Stop Recording                                       ~J  mobile device and the camera breaks while the camera is
                                                           recording.
Stop recording or not when the connection is               Disabled: Keeps recording if the Wi-Fi connection between
broken while the camera is in recording state.             the mobile device and the camera breaks while the camera is
                                                           recording.
Start Recording
                                                           Select the state the camera will enter in the event of a Wi-Fi
Start Continuous Capture                                   Connection break between the mobile device and the camera.
                                                           Use this function to ensure your recording is uninterrupted
Stay in Idle                                               during the flight.

Which state the camera will enter when the
connection is broken while the camera is In Idle
state.

          Figure 93

[3] Camera Settings Display

     iOS users will see an enabled item display in the camera settings toolbar and disabled items will be hidden.
    This feature is not available on Android.

[5] Camera Settings Display                                3 items displayed
                                                           by default

Figure 94                                                                     Figure 95

[4] Preview Quality

5:) Preview Quality

                                    640x480 30fps      ~   High: 640 X 480@30fps
                                        640x480 15fps      Medium: 640 x 480@i5fps
                                      320x240 30fps        Medium: 320 x 240@30fps
                                     320><240 15fps        Low: 320 x 240@i5fps (Recommended when there is a lot of interference.)

                              Figure 96

40 <9 2015 OJ I. Ail Rir,!1ts Reserve:
                                                                                      DJI VISION App Usage

[5] Parameter Unit                                              [14] Rotation Lock

     Select imperial or metric units of measurement.                  The user interface of the DJI VISION App will rotate
                                                                       if rotation lock is enabled (for iOS device only).
[6] Ground Station
                                                                [15] Low Battery Warning
     Slide to the right to enable ground station feature.
                                                                       If enabled, an alarm will sound when the battery
[7] Compass Calibration                                                level is too low.

     Tap to calibrate the compass. Do not calibrate the            & We recommended adjusting the mobile
     compass during flight.
                                                                              device volume to the highest level.
[8] Low Battery Auto Go Home
                                                                [16] Tutorial                                                (/J
     Enable or disable auto go home feature when battery
     is low.                                                           Hints and Tips                                       ~-

[9] Dynamic Home Point                                          [17] Clear News Cache                                        ::J
                                                                                                                            (Q
     When activated, the Home point will be reset to your              Tap to flush news cache.                              (J)
     current position at specific time intervals. The aircraft
     will return to the latest Home point as required.          [18] Binding                                                -o

[1 0] Current RTH Altitude                                             In the event that camera and Range Extender binding   !J)
                                                                       is lost or an item has been repaired or replaced,    (Q
     · Default RTH altitude set to 20m. Raising the RTH                binding must be performed using the DJI VISION App.   CD
       altitude above 120m is not recommended.                         Refer to Binding the Phantom 2 Vision+ and Range
                                                                       Extender (Page 21) for details.
[11] Battery History Info
                                                                [19] Rename Range Extender SSID
       Show the battery history warning records.
                                                                       Tap to rename the SSID of the Range Extender.
[12] GPS Signal Notice                                                 Refer to Rename Range Extender SSID (Page 21)
                                                                       for details.
       If enabled, the DJI VISION App will display a pop-
       up tip when attempting to takeoff without a sufficient   [20] Upgrade Range Extender
       GPSsignal.
                                                                       When upgraded, it is possible to use a mobile
[13] FPV Mode                                                          device's data network to access internet functions
                                                                       while connected to the Phantom.
       Switched on, the gimbal will work in FPV mode.                  This feature is not available on Android.
       Switched off, the gimbal will work in Stabilize mode.

[21] Find My PHANTOM 2 VISION

Phantom 2 Vision's -+---,.-----·1

               location

[22] Account                                                     Figure 97            Figure 98

      Tap to see user account information.

[23] Rate

      Tap to rate the DJI VISION App. Internet access required.

:.\): Android App does not include rating.

[24] About

       Tap to see the current version of the OJI VISION App and contact information.
DJI VISION App Usage

'l~,~~~~~;~

The DJI Vision app features an integrated ground station function. Using it you can create flight missions by placing
waypoints and setting waypoint altitude and overall speed. When flight plan has been created, simply tap "GO" and
your aircraft will execute the flight mission automatically. You may also abort the flight mission and bring aircraft home by
activating "GoHome" feature.

Lt, Upgrade Phantom firmware to the latest version to enable ground station feature. Refer to "Firmware Upgrade of

        the Phantom 2 Vision+" (P46) for more information about how to upgrade the firmware.

7.1 Ground Station GUI

                                           [1] [2] [3] [4] [5] [6]

 [9] [11]
                                                                                                           [12]
                                                                                                           [13]
                                                                                                           [14]

[10] [15]

                                                                              [16]
                                                                              [17]

                                       [7] [8]
                                                                   Figure 99

[1] MODE                                                            Attitude and Radar display. Refer to [3] in "Using the
                                                                    DJI Vision app" for details.
    Modes include                                              [8] Flight Parameters
    Hover: Hovering                                                 Flight information display. Refer to [4] in "Using the
    Waypoint: Mission in progress                                   DJI Vision app" for details.
    GoHome: Returning to home point                            [9] Back
    Take off: Taking off                                            Return to camera GUI.
    Landing: Landing
    GPS: GPS flight                                            [10] Home Point Locator
    Atti.: Atti. flight                                              Locate your Home point.
    Manual: Manual flight
                                                               [11] Orientation Lock
[2] Approximated Flight Mission Distance                             Unlock to sync map orientation with aircraft movement.
    Planned mission distance. To achieve optimum battery
    performance, max mission distance is 5km(3miles).

[3] Speed                                                      [12] Map View
    For flight safety concern, only three gears of                   Select map view from standard, hybrid or satellite.
    flight speed are available. Choose from Fast (8m/
    s), Mid(4m/s) and Slow (2m/s) for flight speeds.           [13] Waypoint
    Estimated 10 minutes flight is achievable when the               Tap each waypoint to set altitude.
    aircraft travels in "Fast" gear.
                                                               [14] Delete
[4] Wi-Fi Signal Strength                                            Delete current waypoint.
    Wi-Fi signal strength display. Refer to [5] in "Using the
    DJI Vision App" for details.                               [15] Go Home
                                                                     Abort mission, return home and land.
[5] Battery Level
    Battery level display. Refer to [6] in "Using the DJI      [16] Done
    Vision app" for details.                                         Hit "Done" then tap "GO" to begin mission.

[6] GPS                                                        [17] Flight Area
    Number of satellites connected. Refer to [7] in "Using           The aircraft can fly in this area and return to the
    the DJI Vision app" for details.                                  home point with the current battery level. This area
                                                                      is dependent on the current state of the aircraft and
[7] Flight Attitude and Radar                                        will be refreshed at specific time intervals.

42 © 2015 DJI. .A.ll Rights Reserved.
                                                                                                                              DJI VISION App Usage

7.2 Using Ground Station

Step 1 Launching Ground Station:
Enable ground station in the Settings section of the DJI Vision app. A disclaimer for Ground Station will appear. Read
this thoroughly before using Ground Station.

                                    Toolbar Auto Hide        >
                                    When Connection Breaks   >
                                    Camera Settings Display  >
                                    Preview Quality

                                    Figure 100

Ensure your mobile device has access to the Internet. Due to the map data required, Wi-Fi connection is recommended.
Internet access is required to cache the ground station map, if Wi-Fi is unavailable, mobile data service is required. Open
the OJ! Vision app camera GUI and swipe left to launch ground station(see Figure 101). OJ! Vision app cannot connect
to your aircraft while it is accessing the Internet. Hence, you may prompt with the warning message such as "Connection
to Phantom Failed". This message will not appear when your aircraft is re-connected to OJ! Vision app. Map data of your
current location will load. You can then drag the map to cache nearby areas for future use(see Figure 102).

                                                                                                                                                    G)

                                                                                                                                                    0

                                                                                                                                                    c

                                                                                                                                                    :J
                                                                                                                                                    Q.

                                                                                                                                                    (f)

                                                                                                                                                    ~-

                                                                                                                                                    0
                                                                                                                                                    :J

Figure 101                                                                            Figure 102

Step 2 Setting a Waypoint:

Disconnect from the Internet and connect the OJI Vision app to your aircraft. Check that remote controller S1 switch is in
,·rt· !iillposition (position-1) and the upper left corner in ground station display
                                                                                      and wait for the aircraft to enter "Ready-

to-Fly" mode (LED indicator blinking green) before swiping left into ground station. Tap on the map to place a waypoint.

You can place up to 16 waypoints including the Home point. Waypoints cannot be placed beyond 500rn from the Home

point or inside No Waypoint Areas.

Figure 103                                                                            Figure 104
DJI VISION App Usage

        · A circle on the map, as shown in Figure 104, indicates a restricted, No Waypoint area. Waypoints cannot be
           placed in this area. For more information, refer to "6.2 Flight Restriction of Restricted Areas (P30)".

        · To achieve the optimal video transmission quality, the aircraft is set to operate within a 500m-radius area from
           Home point.

Tap on a waypoint to open a waypoint properties window. Slide the white dot right to adjust waypoint altitude. The
default altitude is set to 98 feet (30m) and can be adjusted from 0 to 650 feet (200m). Tap "OK" to save waypoint

settings. To delete current waypoint, tap i]. Modify longitude and latitude value using the input box.

Figure 105                                      Figure 106

Step 3 Preview a Mission:
Tap "Done" to preview the mission when all waypoints are set. A prompt similar to the one below will appear.
This prompt lists all waypoints and their altitudes. The aircraft will fly to each waypoint listed. If there is a difference in
altitude between waypoints, the aircraft will adjust its altitude as it flies between points. When ready, tap "GO" to begin
mission.

Lb, Aircraft reacts differently to the ''GO" command:

       · It aircraft is on the ground, the aircraft takes off automatically and ascend 16 feet (5m) then fly to the first
         waypoint.

       · If aircraft is in the air, the aircraft flies to the first waypoint.

Step 4 Executing Flight Mission
The aircraft flies to each waypoint in numerical order. As it flies, swipe back into the DJI Vision app camera GUI to

Illcontrol camera tilt and capture photos or video. Tap to pause the mission during the flight, and aircraft will then start

ahovering. Tap to resume mission. If you wish to regain control of the aircraft, toggle the S1 switch on remote controller

from~~, (Position-1) to either (Position-2) or ~' (Position-3) to discontinue the current mission.

Step 5 Landing

mWhen all waypoints have been visited, the aircraft will return to its Home point and hover. Regain control of the aircraft

and land it manually. You may also tap button to initiate "Go Home" procedure. Aircraft will abort current mission,
return to Home point and auto land. When the aircraft is landing automatically, users can control the aircraft's position
and altitude. Users can start the motors to take off immediately after the motors have stopped following auto landing.

                                    Figure 107

44 © 2015 DJII\il Rights Reserved.
PC I MAC Assistant

For better use of the Phantom 2 Vision+, Phantom 2 Vision+ Assistant and Phantom RC Assistant are required. Both run
on Windows or Mac OS X operating systems.

1.1 Installing and Running on Windows

(1) Download the driver installer and Assistant installer (.EXE) from the Phantom 2 Vision+ download page.
(2) Connect the Phantom 2 Vision+ to a PC using a Micro-USB cable.
(3) Run the driver installer and follow the prompts to finish installation.
(4) Run the Assistant installer and follow the prompts to finish installation.
(5) Double click the Phantom 2 Vision+ icon on your desktop to launch Assistant.

 ~ Supports Windows XP, Windows 7 and Windows 8 (32 or 64 bit).

1.2 Installing and Running on Mac OS X

(1) Download the Assistant installer (.DMG) format from the Phantom 2 Vision+ download page.
(2) Run the installer and follow the prompts to finish installation.

                                                                          Figure 108

(3) When launching for the first time, if using Launchpad to run the Phantom 2 Vision+ Assistant, Launchpad will not
     allow access because Assistant has not been reviewed by the Mac App Store.

                                                                              "PPIantom" ea!l't be <>pefllld beau"" It Is    <
                                                                                         fi'om lin unldemfl!OIId de~.        ~

                                                                           Figure 109                                        P:>
(4) Locate the Phantom 2 Vision+ icon in Finder, press Control then click the icon (or right-click the icon using a mouse).  ::J
                                                                                                                             D.
     Choose Open from the shortcut menu, then click Open in the prompt dialog box to launch.
(5) After the first successful launch, double click the Phantom 2 Vision+ icon as normal to launch using Finder or           ""{]

     Launchpad.                                                                                                              :::r

                                           ~"""~                                                                             P:>
                                           t.Jcilltl<;ll(;S;»>O·~                                                            ::J

                                           C\A~TJ?O.              ~                                                          0

                                                                                                                             3

                                                                                                                             [\)

                                                                                                                             :::;
                                                                                                                             a·(/)

                                                                                                                             ::J

                                                                                                                             +

                                                                                                                             )>

                                                                                                                             (/)

                                                                                                                             ~-

                                                                                                                             (/)

                                                                                                                             Oi

                                                                                                                             ~

---~:.:.:::.::..::_c    ...... ..:.;.~49l  ::;.~.,-~
                               ~(1
---~~1.1                                   Cun>tt\'-"'''.Age

-.::::::.::.::fi:..:=·                     ~"'~'
--~::.=-. '
                                            F<t~~vta.·~"'ll

                                           S,.,:""''i.·"*W"'""''

                        Figure 110

                                                                     <~) 20;5 DJl. An Ri<.o.:nts Reserveo  45
       PC I MAC Assistant

       & DMG installer supports Mac OS X 10.9 or above.

        :\}: Phantom 2 Vision+ Assistant on Mac OS X and Windows are the same. Assistant pages shown in this manual
               are from the Windows version.

       The Phantom 2 Vision+ Assistant is used to configure the flight control system and upgrade firmware. The Phantom RC
       Assistant is used to configure the Remote Controller and upgrade its firmware.

       2.1 Using the Phantom 2 Vision+ Assistant

                                                            Figure 111

       (1) Power on the PC and the Phantom 2 Vision+. Connect the Phantom 2 Vision+ to the PC with a Micro-USB cable. DO

       NOT disconnect until configuration is finished.

       (2) Run Phantom 2 Vision+ Assistant and wait for the Phantom 2 Vision+ to connect. Watch the indicators-:@:-@ on the
       bottom of the screen. When connected successfully, the Computer Connection status is IiJJ: and D~t~ E~change
       Indicator blinks -(EU .                                                                                            .·.
       (3) Choose [Basic] o~ [Advanced] configuration pages.

       (4) View and check the current configuration in the [View] page.

                                                                         , - - - - - - - - Function switch between Phantom

c and Naza-M working modo
~ .-----Language swap
::::l

<0

)> View configurations                                                                                                    Account, software version

(/)

~-     RC, Gain----t~-_j                                            '-----=~-----11-- Firmware upgrade

(/)

S'     Gimbal, Battery, Flight Limits----t-c-~-___j         '----:,--------"""""'----""""---~1--IMU calibration

~

                                ,l'AI;;

                                -:;~:-;:'il::,c;:;c;,

                                            -- = 4~i - = '               <:'<J'W<I><'SI'->,7<
       Data Exchange Indicator~-~:.:.=                                   (:-t:..;:~>"*'

                                                            (r&;l~                                                        *This image is for reference
                                                                                                                           only. Please refer to the
       Computer Connection status---a·11--111-·iil--111·--······..i.lilililllilllllilillllliliilililllllliililillllliil·   actual user interface.

                                                            Figure 112

       _& · Do not enable Naza-M mode before finishing "Advanced Flight Maneuvers" in the "Phantom Pilot Training

                Guide".

              · Enable Phantom mode by tapping the same button if Naza·M mode is enabled. Once changed to Phantom
                working mode, all parameters will return to factory settings.

       2.2 Firmware Upgrade of the Phantom 2 Vision+

       (1) Click [Upgrade] icon to check the current firmware version and whether the installed firmware is the latest version. If
            not, click links to upgrade.

       (2) Wait until the Assistant shows "finished". Click OK and power cycle the Phantom 2 Vision+ after 5 seconds. Once
            complete, firmware is up to date.

       46 © 2C15 DJI A.il Righis Reserved.
                                                                                                                                                                                         PC I MAC Assistant

Firmware uogradable items-~i---,...-__U(;. t~0~2 ~'~"J~j-<.j_ii  ·~=··~---+-Upgrade link

Current firmware version----,----------'

                                                                                                                                                                                         ·This image is for reference
                                                                                                                                                                                           only. Please refer to the
                                                                                                                                                                                           actual user interface.

Figure 113

· An internet connection is required to upgrade the Phantom 2 Vision+ firmware.
· DO NOT power off until the upgrade is finished.
·If the firmware upgrade fails, the Flight Controller will enter a waiting for firmware upgrade status automatically.

  If this happens, repeat the above procedures.

  Firmware upgradable items: (1)Fiight Controller (2)GPS (3)5.8G Receiver (4) Main Board (P330CB) (5)Battery (6)
  GimbaiiMU

2.3 Using the Phantom RC Assistant

Use the Phantom 2 Vision+ Assistant to install PHANTOM RC Assistant on your Windows PC or Mac, and then follow the
below steps to configure the Remote Controller.

                                                                            Figure 114                                                                                                                                              c

(1) Turn off the Remote Controller and find its Micro-USB slot.                                                                                                                                                                     ~
(2) Power on PC and Remote Controller then connect Remote Controller to the PC with a Micro-USB cable. DO NOT                                                                                                                       :J

     disconnect until configuration is finished.                                                                                                                                                                                    (Q
(3) Run the PHANTOM RC Assistant and wait for the Remote Controller to connect to Assistant. Watch the indicators
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    )>
    -:<;BJ:-:l~\ on the bottom left of the s_creen. When connected successfully, the Computer Connection status is {g;: and
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     (/)
     Data Exchange Indicator blinks-:(~>:-.
(4) Finish configuration in the [Main] page.                                                                                                                                                                                        e~n-
(5) Finish upgrade in the [Info] page if necessary.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ill
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    3.

                                                                                                                                                                                         Language swap

L---f-...,,---__,,--~...,.,-----,,.,--+-- Firmware upgrade,

                                                                                                                                                                                         Account, Software version

····~· ... , . ~ . . . ,                                         ..· n:·""

                                                                 ....,.::.:-.:,;;....:;,;.:;~', ··4~

                                                                 ,._.,....:,~:."

                                                                                                                                                                                    ::~  *This image is for reference only.
                                                                                                                                                                                           Please refer to the actual user
    Data Exchange Indicator                                                                                                                                                                interface.

Computer Connection status---1111111111111111·111···········
                                                                        Figure 115

                                                                                                                                                                                         ;() 201S DJL All Plghts Ro:?.servr;d.  47
Appendix

·Re~r u;o Flight indica:to~                                Normal·statu$·
-{Ei:-ig\-:ZY) ······(Red, Green, Yellow flashes in turn)  Power On Self-Test
                                                           Warming Up
t!t;:-tiJX- ······(Green, Yellow flashes in turn)          Ready to Fly
                                                           Ready to Fly (non-GPS)
:!~;-······(Slow Green flashes)

W······(Slow Yellow flashes)

Hear LEO Flight Indicators <                               Abnotmarstatus ·
                                                           Remote Controller Signal Lost
··(Y/ ······(Quick Yellow flashes)                         Low Battery Level Warning
-:~j- ······(Slow Red flashes)

:@:······(Quick Red flashes)                               Critical Low Battery Level Warning
                                                           Not Stationary or Sensor Bias is too big
~@: · · · · · ·(Three Red flashes off and on)              Error*
                                                           Compass Needs Calibration
-:(~z --(Solid red)

......<8'x-i~ (Red, Yellow flashes in turn)

*You can learn more about error by connecting the Phantom 2 Vision+ to the Assistant.

 Aircraft                                                  DJI 5200mAh Li-Po Battery
 Supported Battery                                         1242g
 Weight (Battery & Propellers included)
 Recommend payload                                         ~1300g
 Maximum payload
 Hovering Accuracy (Ready to Fly)                          1350g
 Max Yaw Angular Velocity                                  Vertical: 0.8m; Horizontal: 2.5m
 Max Tiltable Angle                                        200°/S
Max Ascent I Descent Speed                                 35°
 Max Flight Speed                                          Ascent: 6m/s; Descent: 2m/s
 Motor Diagonal Length                                     15m/s (Not Recommended)
 3-axial sfabilized Gimbal .                               350mm
 Working Current
 Control Accuracy                                          Static : 750mA; Dynamic : 900mA
 Controllable Range                                        ±0.03°
 Maximum Angular Speed
 Camera                                                    Pitch : -90° - oo
 Operating Environment Temperature
 Sensor Size                                               ooc- 40°C
 Effective Pixels
 Resolution                                                1/2.3"
 HD Recording                                              14 Megapixels
 Recording FOV                                             4384x3288
                                                           1080p30 /1 080i60
48 (g) 2015 DJL All Rigt!tS Reserved.                      110°/85°
                                                                                                 Appendix

   Remote:Controller ·

I                                                    5.728 GHz- 5.85 GHz

                                Operating Frequency

l Communication Distance (open area)                 CE Compliance: 400m; FCC Compliance: BOOm

i  Receiver Sensitivity (1%PER)                      -93dBm

   Transmitting Power (EIRP)                         CE Compliance: 25mW; FCC Compliance: 1OOmW

   Working CurrenWoltage                             120mA@3.7V

    Battery                                          2000mAh rechargeable LiPo battery

   . Rknge Extendbr

   Operating Frequency                               2412MHz- 2462MHz

   Communication Distance (open area)                500m-700m

   Transmitting Power                                20dBm

   Power Consumption                                 2W

   3.1 How to solve large margin(s) mid-point error?

   If the Remote Controller stick(s) mid-point margin of error is too big, the motors will fail to start when you execute the
   CSC and the Phantom will not take off. The below are some possible fixes for this.
   (1) One of the Remote Controller's stick positions (except the throttle stick) is not centered when powering on the

        Phantom 2 Vision+.
        Solution: Place all Remote Controller sticks at their mid-point positions and then power cycle the Phantom 2 Vision+
        to re-record the mid-point.
   (2) The Remote Controller sticks have been trimmed, leading to a deviation in the mid-point position.
        Solution: Use Assistant to perform a Remote Controller calibration.
       a) Connect to Assistant, tap Basic -> RC -> Command Sticks Calibration and push all Remote Controller sticks

            through their complete travel range to see if any stick cannot reach its outermost position.
        b) Power cycle the Phantom 2 Vision+. Power cycling is required.
        c) Re-attempt Remote Controller calibration in Assistant.
   If the above solutions do not solve your issue, please send your Remote Controller to OJI Customer service for repair.

   3.2 How to restore a video file if power is turned off during a recording session?

   Solution: Keep or place the Micro-SO card back into the camera. Power cycle the camera and wait about 30 seconds for
   the video file to be restored.

   3.3 Failure to acquire the SSID.

   Solution: Double check whether both the camera and Range Extender are powered on and the power switch of the
   camera is switched to "Wi-Fi ON."

   3.4 What to do if Phantom 2 Vision+ is out of sight and the Wi-Fi connections is lost?

   Solution: Turn off the Remote Controller to trigger the Failsafe mode and the aircraft will start to fly back, descend, and
   land at the Home point. Please make sure there are no obstacles between the Phantom and the home point and that you
   are familiar with the procedure for regaining control.

   3.5 Wi-Fi connection fails all the time.

   Solution: Double check the current Wi-Fi connection status of the mobile device. The mobile device may be connecting
   to other Wi-Fi networks after a connection breaks with the Phantom 2 Vision+.

   3.6 Files fail to synchronize.

   Solution: Video files that are too large (file sizes close to 4GB) cannot be synchronized to the mobile device. Some
   mobile devices do not support the synchronization of the 1080i60 video files.
Appendix

3.7 iOS Albums fail to synchronize.

Solution: Reset the settings of your mobile device as illustrated below. Enable the Settings -> Private -> Photos -> OJI
VISION. Otherwise Albums will fail to synchronize with your mobile device.

          Settings                          ~ Privacy                       ~  Photos

          IJ a:::::JAirplane Mode           U Locations Services  On >       Photos stored on your iPod touch may
                                            fll Contacts               >    contain other information, such as when
          lil:iWLAN Phantom_1 00cd9 >                                  >
                                              MiiRii Calendars         >         and where the photo was taken

          U Bluetooth                 On >  [TI Reminders             > IJ  I[~ PJI VISION  I~:?:c'T )

          I II f Do Not Disturb  a:::::J     ~Photos                   >    Apps that have requested access to your
                                                                                      photos wiU appear here.
          118 Notifications              >  d Bluetooth Sharing

          I I General                 >     f ) Twitter           >
          IJ Sounds                   >                           >
                                      >     ~~ Facebook           >
          WBrightness & Wallpaper
          fJ Privacy                  > IJ  ~ SinaWeibo

          Figure 116                        Figure 117                         Figure 118

3.8 Failure to share.

Solution: Make sure your mobile device has access to the Internet.

3.9 Some Android devices have a problem connecting to the Phantom 2 Vision+ Wi-Fi Extender.

Solution: Some Android devices do not allow for both a Wi-Fi connection and a mobile data connection at the same time.
When trying to connect to the Phantom 2 Vision+ Wi-Fi network, most devices will check whether an Internet connection
has a certain Wi-Fi setting enabled, e.g. Auto network switch or Test for Internet connection. If no Internet connection
is found because the Phantom 2 Vision+ creates a non-routable connection it will drop the Phantom 2 Vision+ Wi-
Fi network connection and scan for the next available connection. Example: For the Samsung Note 3, carry out the
following procedures to solve this issue. Tap Settings-> Wi-Fi, and then tap the "Menu" button. Select "Advanced"
then uncheck the "Auto network switch". You might see a warning that indicates the Internet connection is unstable this
message can be ignored.

3.1 0 App tips for mobile devices.

Solution: If using the App on multiple mobile devices turn off the App on the first mobile device then turn it on the second
one to ensure normal functions on the second mobile device.

3.11 How to land the aircraft more smoothly?

Solution: First pull the throttle stick position down to lower than 5%, then execute the CSC command to stop the motors.

3.12 Why is the discharge time of a battery not zero when unused?

Solution: A battery aging test is performed prior to delivery which affects the discharge time of the new battery. This is
why the discharge time of a new battery is not zero. The battery is okay to use.

3.13 Do I need extra hardware to utilize ground station?

Solution: No extra hardware is required.

3.14 Does ground station support caching map data offline?

Solution: Yes, user can cache map data in ground station for future use.

3.15 What if I accidently exit DJI Vision App in ground station mode?

If OJI Vision App is closed when aircraft is executing flight mission, aircraft continues with the remaining flight mission.
If OJI Vision App is closed and failed to re-connect with aircraft within I minute, aircraft returns home point automatically.

50 © 2015 OJ!. A.!l Rights Resecved.
The content is subject to change.

I IDownload the latest version from

http://www.dji .com/product/phantom-2-vision-plus

© 2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.
                                                    PHANTOM 2 VISION+ Product Release Notes

Firmware Updates on January 30, 2015

Overview:

a) Flight controller firmware updated to v3.10.
b) DJI Phantom Assistant updated to v3.8.
c) DJI VISION App updated to iOS v1.0.46, Android v1.0.56.
d) DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ FC200 firmware updated to v1.3.0.

Major New Features

a) No-Fly Zones updated to include a 25km radius in Washington, DC.
b) The iOS VISION app is compatible with iOS 8.0. The Android VISION app is compatible with Android 5.0.
c) GPS Signal Notice added to the VISION app. The VISION app will display a pop-up tip when attempting

    to takeoff without a sufficient GPS signal.
d) Rear LED display added to the VISION app to show the aircraft's current flight status.
e) Upgrade Range Extender option added to the VISION app (iOS). When upgraded, it is possible to use a

     mobile device's data network to access internet functions while connected to the Phantom.
f) Ability to view and download manuals and new manual notices added to the VISION app.
g) The latest DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ FC200 firmware fixes the issue of the camera failing to start in some

     cases.
h) The latest DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ FC200 firmware adds the ability to modify the filename prefix of

     photos if using the DJI SDK.
i) "Upgrade All" function added to the DJI Phantom Assistant.
j) When the aircraft is landing automatically, users can control the aircraft's position and altitude. During

     this period, the max ascent speed is 1 m/s.
k) Users can start the motors to take off immediately after the motors have stopped following auto

     landing.

©2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.                                                                                1
                                                      PHANTOM 2 VISION+ Product Release Notes

Firmware Updates on November 28, 2014

,,-. ' '~'!-       ·
              .~. ' t
' ' '*·
O~rview" ··~. "'
·a)··~'C'"~'.tral     "..' I,
                      board    firmware  updated  to  v1.0.2.10.

Major New Features
a) Fixed potential gimbal issues that may arise when the remote controller signal is lost.
b) Improved the communication between the smart flight battery and the Phantom.
c) Fixed issues in communication between the smart flight battery (V2.0) and the compass.

Firmware Updates on October 31,2014

Overview:

a) DJI Smart Battery firmware updated to v2.6.
b) DJI Phantom Assistant updated to v3.6.

Major New Features
a) Battery cell warning added to the VISION app that alerts users if battery issues are detected. Browse

      battery cell warning history in the VISION app.
b) New auto-discharging feature to address to address the swelling problem of fully charged battery when

     it is stored for an extended period. The auto-discharging function will start automatically if the battery
     does not operate in 10 days.
c) Battery cell damages detection feature added.
d) New battery cell balancing feature to extend battery life.

Special Notes:

a) Update OJI Smart Battery firmware to v2.6 through Phantom Assistant v3.6.
b) The new battery firmware v2.6.0.0 does not support battery with loader of v1.3.0.0 or firmware of

     v1.6.0.0.

©2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.                                                             2
                                                                     PHANTOM 2 VISION+ Product Release Notes

                Firmware Updates on October 28, 2014

l Overview:

                    a) Flight controller firmware updated to v3.08.
                    b) Central board firmware updated to v1.0.2.7.
                    c) 3-axial gimbal firmware updated to v1.0.0.6.
                    d) DJI Phantom Assistant updated to v3.4.
                    e) DJI Vision App updated to iOS v1.0.43, Android v1.0.54.

                Major New Features

                    a) Dynamic home point: when using a GPS-enabled mobile device and running the VISION app, the Home
                          Point will automatically be reset to the location of the device every 2 seconds during flight.

                    b) Ability to change the Return to Home altitude added to the VISION app (ability to change this setting in
                          the Assistant software remains).

                    c) Maximum operating area, based on remaining battery power and current settings, can now be displayed
                          on the ground station map view. This area automatically expands or contracts when new flight plans are
                          set.

                    d) The aircraft's current longitude and latitude will be displayed on the VISION app's radar. When using
                          ground station, the longitude and latitude of each waypoint is also displayed as they are set.

                    e) New pre-flight checklist that reminds users of important considerations before flying added.
                    f) Battery cell warning added to the VISION app that alerts users if battery issues are detected. Browse

                          battery cell warning history in the VISION app.
                    g) To address the issue of fully charged battery swelled when it was stored for an extended period.
                    h) Battery cell damages detection feature added.
                    i) New battery cell balancing feature to extend battery life.
                   j) Maximum descent speed set to 0.6m/s when the aircraft's altitude is less than 10m and descending

                          automatically (for example in failsafe mode). The maximum speed of descent remains 2m/s in other
                          flight conditions.
                     k) Propulsion system performance enhancements.
                     I) German, French and Japanese language support added to the VISION app.

                Special Notes:

                    a) The dynamic home point is only available when using GPS-enabled mobile devices. Your aircraft will not
                          be able to record a dynamic home point if you are using a mobile device without a GPS module (e.g.
                          iPod).

Firmware Updates on July 29, 2014                              3

Overview:

a) Flight controller firmware updated to v3.06.
b) Central board firmware updated to v1.0.1.32.
c) DJI Vision App updated to iOS v1.0.42 and Android v1.0.52.
d) Phantom 2 PC Assistant updated to v3.2.

       ©2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.
PHANTOM 2 VISION+ Product Release Notes

Flight Controller w Major New Features:

a) Added two levels of battery warnings: Low Battery Level Warning and Critical Battery Level Warning.
     When enabled, Auto Go Home will be activated if the battery level reaches a Low Battery Level
     Warning. Setup these warnings using either the DJI Phantom Assistant or DJI Vision App.

b) When the battery level reaches a Critical Battery Level Warning, the aircraft will automatically land.
      The motors will power off after landing.

c) The speed of descent will be automatically adjusted based on current altitude.
d) Minimum adjustable height limit set to 20m.
e) Magnetic declination value stored to improve flight course accuracy.
f) Various bug fixes.

DJI Vision App ~ Major New Features:

a) The current battery level can now be viewed real~time through the DJI Vision App, via a battery level
      indicator bar near the top of the screen.

b) "Hotline" feature for easy access to post-sales supports.
c) "Compass Calibration" feature added.
d) "Low Battery Auto Go Home" feature added.

Phantom 2 PC Assistant~ Major New Features:

a) Added Japanese as a supported language.

Firmware Updates on July 01,2014

Overview:

a) Central board firmware updated to: v1.0.1.31.

Major New Features:

a) Fixed iOSD compatibility issues.

Special Notes:

a) Ensure flight controller firmware has been updated to the latest version (v3.04) before you start to
      update the central board firmware.

Firmware Updates on June 26,2014                                                                           4

Overview:

a) Central board firmware updated to: v1.0.1.30.
       ©2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.
                                  PHANTOM 2 VISION+ Product Release Notes

b) User manual updated to: v1.2.

Major New Features:

a) Fixed issue of Phantom Vision+ gimbal and H3-3D gimbal shaking involuntarily when powering on.

Firmware Updates on June 24, 2014

Overview:

a) DJI Vision App updated to iOS v1.0.41 and Android vl.0.50.

Major New Features:

a) Ground Station support:
      · Plan missions of up to 16 waypoints.
      · "Go Home" function.
      · Flight safety protection:
            · 3.1 miles (5 km) flight distance limit.
            · Ground station disabled when battery level is below 30%.
            · 1640 feet (500 m) flight radius based on HOME point, 656 feet (200m) altitude restriction.

Special Notes:

a) Upgrade flight controller firmware to the latest version (v3.04) by using Phantom Assistant to enable
     ground station feature.

Firmware Updates on May 21,2014                                                                           5

Overview:

a) Flight controller firmware updated to: v3.04.

Major New Features:

a) Stability when carrying heavy payloads improved.
b) Flight restriction database updated.

Firmware Updates on April30, 2014

Overview:

a) Central board firmware updated to: v1.0.1.27.

       ©2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.
                                                      PHANTOM 2 VISION+ Product Release Notes

Major New Features:
a) Stability when carrying heavy payloads improved. Maximum descent speed restricted to 2m/s.

©2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.                                                                6
,·-··---    .

          ..

.-....

                              m.·--·.  '

                                       '
                                       '

                              '

.-....
                   .. ,,...,
                                                  Nur,·':H'l's Lf.)bster Hut                                                                                                            ~s

                                                                                   11                                                                                              Srage lsJand

                    'il<

                                                                                       -·j

                                                                                       ..2                                          Fi'edin lsland                   f::t:.--;·qj

                                                                                       _c.                                                                     ~ t,-:!t.!;1,·:dr

                                                                                       .;

                                                                                                                       Bickford                                                    LiWe Stage
                                                                                                                           fsJ'and
                                                                                                                                                                                      tslcmd
                                                                                       ~!1 Pier
                                                                                                                                                                                      · Gape Island
                    '.'.iJ.                                                            Negro lstand                                                 Trorr lslar1d
                                                                                                                                                                                                Cape Rocks
                    ·::·                                                                                          ~ f.~~r.h.:·,r

                              "'

                                                                                       .Bass Island

                                       V¢u.rghl"l lstand                                                                                         Goa£ i.sland

c·.': }"t_f!!< ?~d  . - L -~- ,:._, _ _.. _,._

                                                                                       Gree-n Is11snd                             FoiJ:y tsJand
                  MESHL

RACHEL CARSON     06
      NATIONAL                         SCOGS
                          2000 I
  ILDLIFE REFUGE

    SEEDY
