August 25, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12582
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­0587

Mr. Marc Wiercioch
GoCopter / Fiction Corp
27326 Belmont Court
Valencia, CA 91354

Dear Mr. Wiercioch:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letters posted to the public docket on March 10, 2015, and July 15, 2015, you petitioned
the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on behalf of GoCopter / Fiction Corp for an
exemption. The petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to
conduct motion picture production and agricultural surveying.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a DJI Flamewheel F550.
                                                                                                                 2

In accordance with the statutory criteria provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in
reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited
operating area associated with the aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation
has determined that this aircraft meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA
finds that relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts,
Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing
requirements of part 36, is not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1 and closed set motion picture and
filming. The FAA has issued grants of exemption in circumstances similar in all material
respects to those presented in your petition. In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus
Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352), 11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and
11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the
enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned aircraft (UA) with the specifications described
by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or crew, rather than a manned aircraft of
significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA
good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

· They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

· The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

· A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, GoCopter / Fiction Corp is granted an exemption from
14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c),
91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to
the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection
and closed set motion picture and filming. This exemption is subject to the conditions and
limitations listed below.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                                                 3

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, GoCopter / Fiction Corp is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI
         Flamewheel F550 when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed
         operations of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this
         exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
         must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
         documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
         Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
                                                                                                            4

    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.
                                                                                                            5

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.
                                                                                                            6

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

    The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
    nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
    reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
    contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.
                                                                                                                 7

 If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
 television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                      8

This exemption terminates on August 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
Marc Wiercioch
GoCopter / Fiction Corp
27326 Belmont Ct.
Valencia, CA 91354
818.415.7911
marc.camera@gmail.com
www.gocopter.net

For purpose of this Petition, the UAV discussed will be referred to as ,,GoCopter.

Objective

          I am requesting permission from the FAA to legally operate a UAV in a profession capacity for motion
picture production and agricultural surveying.

          Operation on a motion picture production will be permitted and supervised by a Fire Safety Officer (FSO).
          Operations for agricultural surveying will be conducted over private property for the purpose of cinematic
documentation and multi-spectroscopic photo capture. I also request special permission to operate over golf courses
during controlled condition for cinematic documentation. This will be conducted with permission from the course
manager and clear of players.
           I can confidently provide adequate proof that I meet the requirements per FAA Modernization and Reform
Act of 2012, Public Law 112-95 FEB. 14, 2012, Section 333. My experience as a Certified Private Pilot, a RC
hobbyist and a Professional cameraman, ideally suits my desire to operate as a professional UAV pilot in the United
States National Airspace System.

Biography

1985 Began operating RC vehicles, cars and planes, as a hobbyist.
          Attached letter of recommendation as RC hobbyist

1990 Acquired private pilot certificate (SEL)
          Certificate # 569733346
          Current flight physical #1998091195

2001 Began working in the Motion Picture Industry as a cameraman.
          http://www.imdb.com/name/nm1466777/?ref_=fn_al_nm_1

2003 Qualified to work as a Union cameraman, attended all of the industry safety classes required by Contract
          Services Administration Trust Fund (CSATF)
          IATSE Local 600, member # 12179

2013 Built and began to operate the GoCopter, multi-rotor aerial photography platform.

UAV description and performance characteristics

GoCopter dimensions
Diameter: 23 inches grounded, 31 inches flying
Height: 10 inches
Weight: 6 lbs.

          The Airframe is a stock Flame wheel 550, manufactured by DJI Innovations. It consists of 6 brushless
motors, 6 plastic props and 6 ESC (electronic speed controls). The flight controller is a Naza-M V1/V2
manufactured my DJI Innovations. The flight controller and ESCs are powered by a 3S LiPo 5000mA battery.

          The transmitter and receiver are manufactured by JR/Spectrum utilizing DMS 2 Technology. DMS creates
a unique bind between Tx and Rx on the 2.4ghz bandwidth. During the binding process, DuaLink ensures a secure
RF link by scanning for two frequencies and locking them between the Tx and Rx.
          Mission specific payload consists of a GoPro camera and stabilizing gimbal or multi-spectroscopic look
down camera.

          A 5.8ghz video transmitter outputs a reference video signal to a base station for framing and system
monitoring purposes. Both components are powered by an additional 3S LiPo 1350mA battery.

Pre-flight Operations

          Upon removal from the travel case, I attach the landing gear and camera gimbal. Pre-flight inspection
includes; props are secure and undamaged, all fasteners are tight and wires are secure and undamaged. The camera
gimbal, camera and two batteries are mounted and secured.

Warm-up Procedure

           In order to establish Tx/Rx link, the Tx is powered up, followed by Rx and Fight controller. Solid light on
Rx indicates successful RF link. During the flight controllers warm up sequence, a series of light cycles are
observed to confirm the flight controller is operating properly. Blinking yellow light on flight controller indicates
warm up. Rapid blinking green light indicates flight controller is warm. Blinking Red lights indicate the process of
acquiring GPS lock. Blinking green lights indicate ready for flight. An interface via laptop is attached to the flight
controller to check sensor parameters and conduct calibrations. Following successful calibrations, the camera
gimbal and video transmitter are powered up and tested. After all systems are powered and calibrated, a motor test
and low level hover is conducted to test weight and balance.

A step-by-step checklist is present for every GoCopter flight and is included in this file.

Pre-flight discussion

          Film production - A discussion will occur involving the Director, Cinematographer, FSO and Assistant
Director regarding the scripted shot. We will point out weather conditions, obstacles and safety procedures. A set
of flight parameters regarding Altitude, speed of flight, length of flight, distance to be traveled and personnel
required to be in the immediate vicinity will be determined. All this information will be announced during a
companywide safety meeting.

          Agriculture and Golf course survey ­ I will confirm with management I have permission to fly over their
property. We will point out weather conditions, obstacles and safety procedures. A set of flight parameters
regarding Altitude, speed of flight, length of flight, distance to be traveled and personnel required to be in the
immediate vicinity will be determined.

Flight

          Each flight will be conducted in a timely manner and conscious of any changing conditions.
                                             Exemptions to Rules

§45.21 Nationality and Registration Marks: General
          I request an exception from displaying registration marks in lieu of not requiring an airworthiness

certificate. As an alternative, I have affixed a label containing ,,instructions if found and ,,contact information.
This will provide the most accurate and efficient means of contact in the event of a loss, property damage or bodily
injury.

§61.113 Private pilot privileges and limitations: Pilot in command.
          Exemption:

As a private pilot, I request the permission to receive compensation for providing a service to Film and Television
production companies, the service being, to operate a UAV with the intent to capture video or still images. The
advantage of using the GoCopter is to provide a low impact alternative to low altitude aerial photography. By
accepting compensation for this service, I am able to maintain a professional level of availability and equipment
maintenance resulting in a sustainable serves in a free market environment.

§91.119 Minimum safe altitudes: General.
          Exemption:
          I request permission to conduct low altitude UAV flights from 0 to 400 feet AGL. The majority of

GoCopter flights take place between ground level and 100 feet, bridging the gap between Stedicam, dolly, crane and
helicopter shots. The GoCopter, as a film making tool, is intended to position the camera higher than a human
operator, lower than a helicopter and longer distance than a crane. The GoCopter is not designed nor intended to
travel further than unassisted line of sight will allow. Maintaining a low altitude keeps me well out of active
airspace, noise nuisance and on lookers.

§91.121 Altimeter settings.
          Exemption:
          The GoCopter is not equipped with a visual altimeter, therefore its altitude is determined by visual

reference by maintaining constant line of sight during the flight. My altitude is determined by maintaining good
visual clearance from participating building, man-made and natural objects and people. An addition feature built
into the flight controller limits the radial distance from my established home base.

§91.405 Maintenance required.
§91.407 Operation after maintenance, preventive maintenance, rebuilding, or alteration.
§91.409 Inspections.
§91.417 Maintenance records.

          Exemptions:
          Due do the lack of qualified maintenance inspector for this type of airframe, I request exception from the
required inspection, maintenance and recording by an independent inspector. I intend to personally maintain and
service the GoCopter per manufacturer specification as detailed in the respective systems manuals. This includes
visual inspections, software updates and regular calibrations. I consider myself an authorized service person of the
GoCopter due to the 25+ hours of research, building, testing and flying of the GoCopter system. The above stated
maintenance will be conducted during every prep, pre-flight check and storage.
                                         Federal Registry Summary

§45.21 Nationality and Registration Marks: General
          Exemption:
          I request an exception from displaying registration marks in lieu of not requiring an airworthiness
          certificate.

§61.113 Private pilot privileges and limitations: Pilot in command.
          Exemption:
          I request the permission to receive compensation for providing a service to Film and Television production
          companies, the service being, to operate a UAV with the intent to capture video or still images.

§91.119 Minimum safe altitudes: General.
          Exemption:
          I request permission to conduct low altitude UAV flights from 0 to 400 feet AGL.

§91.121 Altimeter settings.
          Exemption:
          The GoCopter is not equipped with a visual altimeter, therefore its altitude is determined by visual

reference by maintaining constant line of sight during the flight

§91.405 Maintenance required.
§91.407 Operation after maintenance, preventive maintenance, rebuilding, or alteration.
§91.409 Inspections.
§91.417 Maintenance records.

          Exemptions:
          I intend to personally maintain and service the GoCopter per manufacturer specification as detailed in the
respective systems manuals.
                                              GoCopter Checklist

                                                          Assembly

Secure landing gear
Secure Props
Secure camera gimbal

                   Connect power cable
                   Connect Aux cable
Install camera in gimbal
                   Connect video cable
Check voltage on batteries: flight, accessory and monitor

                                                         Power-up

Attach flight battery and volt meter
Attach accessory battery and volt meter
Attach monitor battery and volt meter
Power on transmitter
Connect flight battery

                   Confirm power up is initiated
                   Hold during warm up cycle
                   Confirm Tx/Rx link
                   Confirm Flight controller is ready
Conduct compass calibration
Conduct parameter calibration
Conduct voltage calibration
Confirm GPS lock
Power up camera
                   Confirm settings
Connect accessory battery
                   Hold for self-calibration
Power up monitor
                   Confirm solid image

                                                            Flight

Begin camera record
Start motors
Take-off
Adjust throttle to hover

                   Release control sticks and confirm steady hoover and position hold
                                                          Landing
Cut camera
Disconnect flight battery
Power down Transmitter
Disconnect accessory battery
Power down monitor
Confirm all batteries are at or above nominal voltage

                                Break down

Remove batteries
Remove camera
Remove gimbal
Remove landing gear

System status                   < 5 satellites
System start and self-check...  = 5 satellites
Warm-up cycle                   = 6 satellites
Warm up complete                > 6 satellites
Acquiring GPS lock

GPS lock
ready for flight

Errors
Compass error
Mid-point error
Calibration error
                                     '! :}            .'';lJ

               :· . ,. .·\' .                         ' ' ,.. ~ .:  -~-·:..~ -.'1 ....              .·.
                          't ..r ·-                                                              ..' ~~-~-~.'
                           ':,.·i                                   -;_ ....

                                                      ·/ \~;·:;. ~·                                                       :. ~ '

                                                      ft.<>.                                                   -..
                                                                                     i .. ·
                                                                                                      ·.r '··
                                                      -~1§> _,· _:: .~-

                                                          i.

                                                                                                      ~':-.."'"·~;!G

n1 UNITED sTATEs oF AMERICA                                                                  1
      Department of Transportation
       Federal Avialion Administration

           MEDICAL CERTIFICATE SECOND CLASS

This certifies that (Full name and address):                                                   ~I ··

MARC WIERCIOCH                                                                               't': ~·
27326 Belmont Ct
Valencia CA 91354 USA                                                                         : ..

I I.j 1 Date of Birth . I Height-j Weight                                                    ::t·r'
                                     Hair j Eyes                    Sex
l-- .:h I II 203                                                     M                       :. ~.
                                     IBROWN BROWN
                                                                                               :h
\ has met the medical standards presaibed in part 67, Federal Aviation
                                                                                               Lti'\
~ Re ulations. for this dassof Medieal Certificate. ·
                                                                                                G
. · l None
 J                                                                                            l-r·:
 '·11-C1I::I:
  \0                                                                                           e:~
      ;;;
      ~                                                                                       ll::
    'i§
                                                                                                :;)

:.J

1 Nam~=zI ··J-~ tJDate of Examination

 12/03/2014

        Sign:r..

,.111 Typed
                                     Examiner's Designation No.

                                     09521-

                                                        ·i41

                                     ..

w EDWARD G SHORE. MD

AI~;~~                                                                                       ,.

NJplicantiD: 1998091195  I Control No.: 100006706040

· FAA Form 11500-9 (9-<18) Supen;edes l'revWs Edtion  NSN: OO~-OQ..670-7002

                                                                                                               /---.....
                                                       CFRs

§45.23 Display of marks; general.
          (a) Each operator of an aircraft must display on that aircraft marks consisting of the Roman capital letter
          "N" (denoting United States registration) followed by the registration number of the aircraft. Each suffix
          letter used in the marks displayed must also be a Roman capital letter.
          (b) When marks include only the Roman capital letter "N" and the registration number is displayed on
          limited, restricted or light-sport category aircraft or experimental or provisionally certificated aircraft, the
          operator must also display on that aircraft near each entrance to the cabin, cockpit, or pilot station, in letters
          not less than 2 inches nor more than 6 inches high, the words "limited," "restricted," "light-sport,"
          "experimental," or "provisional," as applicable.

§61.113 Private pilot privileges and limitations: Pilot in command.

(a) Except as provided in paragraphs (b) through (h) of this section, no person who holds a private pilot certificate may act as pilot in
command of an aircraft that is carrying passengers or property for compensation or hire; nor may that person, for compensation or
hire, act as pilot in command of an aircraft.
(b) A private pilot may, for compensation or hire, act as pilot in command of an aircraft in connection with any business or
employment if:
(1) The flight is only incidental to that business or employment; and
(2) The aircraft does not carry passengers or property for compensation or hire.

§91.119 Minimum safe altitudes: General.

             Except when necessary for takeoff or landing, no person may operate an aircraft below the following altitudes:
             (a) Anywhere. An altitude allowing, if a power unit fails, an emergency landing without undue hazard to persons or property on the
             surface.
             (b) Over congested areas. Over any congested area of a city, town, or settlement, or over any open air assembly of persons, an
             altitude of 1,000 feet above the highest obstacle within a horizontal radius of 2,000 feet of the aircraft.
             (c) Over other than congested areas. An altitude of 500 feet above the surface, except over open water or sparsely populated areas. In
             those cases, the aircraft may not be operated closer than 500 feet to any person, vessel, vehicle, or structure.
             (d) Helicopters, powered parachutes, and weight-shift-control aircraft. If the operation is conducted without hazard to persons or
             property on the surface--
             (1) A helicopter may be operated at less than the minimums prescribed in paragraph (b) or (c) of this section, provided each person
             operating the helicopter complies with any routes or altitudes specifically prescribed for helicopters by the FAA; and
             (2) A powered parachute or weight-shift-control aircraft may be operated at less than the minimums prescribed in paragraph (c) of
             this section.

§91.121 Altimeter settings.

             (a) Each person operating an aircraft shall maintain the cruising altitude or flight level of that aircraft, as the case may be, by
             reference to an altimeter that is set, when operating--
             (1) Below 18,000 feet MSL, to--

             (i) The current reported altimeter setting of a station along the route and within 100 nautical miles of the aircraft;

             (ii) If there is no station within the area prescribed in paragraph (a)(1)(i) of this section, the current reported altimeter setting of an

             appropriate available station; or

             (iii) In the case of an aircraft not equipped with a radio, the elevation of the departure airport or an appropriate altimeter setting

             available before departure; or
             (2) At or above 18,000 feet MSL, to 29.92 Hg.

             (b) The lowest usable flight level is determined by the atmospheric pressure in the area of operation as shown in the following table:

Current altimeter setting  Lowest usable flight level

29.92 (or higher)          180

29.91 through 29.42        185

29.41 through 28.92        190

28.91 through 28.42        195

28.41 through 27.92        200

27.91 through 27.42        205
27.41 through 26.92        210

(c) To convert minimum altitude prescribed under §§91.119 and 91.177 to the minimum flight level, the pilot shall take the flight level
equivalent of the minimum altitude in feet and add the appropriate number of feet specified below, according to the current reported
altimeter setting:

Current altimeter setting       Adjustment factor

29.92 (or higher)               None

29.91 through 29.42             500

29.41 through 28.92             1,000

28.91 through 28.42             1,500

28.41 through 27.92             2,000

27.91 through 27.42             2,500

27.41 through 26.92

§91.405 Maintenance required.

             Each owner or operator of an aircraft--

             Shall have that aircraft inspected as prescribed in subpart E of this part and shall between required inspections, except as provided in

             paragraph (c) of this section, have discrepancies repaired as prescribed in part 43 of this chapter;

§91.407 Operation after maintenance, preventive maintenance, rebuilding, or alteration.

             (a) No person may operate any aircraft that has undergone maintenance, preventive maintenance, rebuilding, or alteration unless--

             (1) It has been approved for return to service by a person authorized under §43.7 of this chapter; and

§91.409 Inspections.

             (a) Except as provided in paragraph (c) of this section, no person may operate an aircraft unless, within the preceding 12 calendar
             months, it has had--

             (1) An annual inspection in accordance with part 43 of this chapter and has been approved for return to service by a person

             authorized by §43.7 of this chapter; or

             (2) An inspection for the issuance of an airworthiness certificate in accordance with part 21 of this chapter.

             No inspection performed under paragraph (b) of this section may be substituted for any inspection required by this paragraph unless
             it is performed by a person authorized to perform annual inspections and is entered as an "annual" inspection in the required

             maintenance records.

§91.417 Maintenance records.

             (a) Except for work performed in accordance with §§91.411 and 91.413, each registered owner or operator shall keep the following
             records for the periods specified in paragraph (b) of this section:
             (1) Records of the maintenance, preventive maintenance, and alteration and records of the 100-hour, annual, progressive, and other
             required or approved inspections, as appropriate, for each aircraft (including the airframe) and each engine, propeller, rotor, and
             appliance of an aircraft. The records must include--
             (i) A description (or reference to data acceptable to the Administrator) of the work performed; and
             (ii) The date of completion of the work performed; and
             (iii) The signature, and certificate number of the person approving the aircraft for return to service.
             (2) Records containing the following information:
             (i) The total time in service of the airframe, each engine, each propeller, and each rotor.
             (ii) The current status of life-limited parts of each airframe, engine, propeller, rotor, and appliance.
             (iii) The time since last overhaul of all items installed on the aircraft which are required to be overhauled on a specified time basis.
             (iv) The current inspection status of the aircraft, including the time since the last inspection required by the inspection program under
             which the aircraft and its appliances are maintained.
             (v) The current status of applicable airworthiness directives (AD) and safety directives including, for each, the method of compliance,
             the AD or safety directive number and revision date. If the AD or safety directive involves recurring action, the time and date when
             the next action is required.
             (vi) Copies of the forms prescribed by §43.9(d) of this chapter for each major alteration to the airframe and currently installed
             engines, rotors, propellers, and appliances.
             (b) The owner or operator shall retain the following records for the periods prescribed:
             (1) The records specified in paragraph (a)(1) of this section shall be retained until the work is repeated or superseded by other work
             or for 1 year after the work is performed.
             (2) The records specified in paragraph (a)(2) of this section shall be retained and transferred with the aircraft at the time the aircraft
             is sold.
             (3) A list of defects furnished to a registered owner or operator under §43.11 of this chapter shall be retained until the defects are
             repaired and the aircraft is approved for return to service.
7/16/2015  Regulations.gov  Other Document

           Marc Wiercioch, Fictioncorp - Additional Information

     This Other document was issued by the Federal Aviation                             Comment Now!
     Administration (FAA)
                                                                                    ID:  FAA201505870004
     For related information, Open Docket Folder  
                                                                              Document Information
      Content
                                                                             Date Posted:
       In response to a letter dated June 26,2015 No.FAA20150587             Jul 15, 2015
                                                                             Show More Details  
       bullet point 1 and 4 have been addressed in the previously
       attached pdf.                                                          Submitter Information

       In the Public Interest                                                Submitter Name:
                                                                             Marc Wiercioch
       Three characteristics of the GoCopter (UAV) system that               Mailing Address:
       represent the most important aspects of public interest are           27326 Belmont Ct.
       weight, payload and pollution.                                        City:
       Given the small size of the GoCopter, it can be categorized as a      Valencia
       hobby aircraft or toy. Its gross flight weight of 6lbs. and relative  Country:
       slow speeds puts its potential property damage in the realm of a      United States
       baseball or golf ball. The difference being that the GoCopter is      ZIP/Postal Code:
       under an experienced pilots control.                                  91354
       The strongest aspect regarding public interest and safety is the
       payload of the GoCopter. There is no pilot or passenger on                      Comments
       board, greatly reducing the loss of life in case of an accident.
       The GoCopter is also lacking any type of flammable fuel that can                  0
       result in a fire or exposure to hazardous materials.
       The environmental impact of the GoCopter is very significant,            Comments Received *
       considering it does not use any fossil fuels for power or
       lubrication. Its power source is a Lipo battery that is                   Docket Information
       rechargeable. Lipo batteries can be neutralized and chemically
       altered to a type of hydrate salt for environmentally safe            This document is contained in
       disposal. 
                                                                             FAA20150587
       Exemptions to Rules
                                                                             Related Dockets:
       45.21 Nationality and Registration Marks: General                     None
              I request an exception from displaying registration marks in
                                                                             Related RINs:
       lieu of not requiring an airworthiness certificate.                   None
       Equal Level of Safety:
       As an alternative, I have affixed a label containing instructions if  Related Documents:
       found and contact information. This will provide the most
       accurate and efficient means of contact in the event of a loss,                                      1/3
       property damage or bodily injury.

http://www.regulations.gov/#!documentDetailD=FAA201505870004
7/16/2015  Regulations.gov  Other Document

61.113 Private pilot privileges and limitations: Pilot in command.            Marc Wiercioch 
Exemption:                                                                    Exemption/Rulemkaking
As a private pilot, I request the permission to receive                       U.S. DOT/FAA  Request for
compensation for providing a service to Film and Television                   Additional Information
production companies, the service being, to operate a UAV with                Marc Wiercioch, Fictioncorp 
the intent to capture video or still images. The advantage of                 Petition for Exemption
using the GoCopter is to provide a low impact alternative to low
altitude aerial photography. By accepting compensation for this             * This count refers to the total
service, I am able to maintain a professional level of availability
and equipment maintenance resulting in a sustainable serves in              comment/submissions received on
a free market environment.                                                  this document, as of 11:59 PM
Equal Level of Safety:                                                      yesterday. Note: Agencies review
As Pilot in Command, I would have the authority and financial               all submissions, however some
tools to take any and all precautions to insure the safe                    agencies may choose to redact, or
operations of the GoCopter                                                  withhold, certain submissions (or
                                                                            portions thereof) such as those
91.119 Minimum safe altitudes: General.                                     containing private or proprietary
Exemption:                                                                  information, inappropriate
I request permission to conduct low altitude UAV flights from 0             language, or duplicate/near
to 400 feet AGL. The majority of GoCopter flights take place                duplicate examples of a massmail
between ground level and 100 feet, bridging the gap between                 campaign. This can result in
Stedicam, dolly, crane and helicopter shots. The GoCopter, as a             discrepancies between this count
film making tool, is intended to position the camera higher than a          and those displayed when
human operator, lower than a helicopter and longer distance than            conducting searches on the Public
a crane. The GoCopter is not designed nor intended to travel                Submission document type. For
further than unassisted line of sight will allow.                           specific information about an
Equal Level of Safety:                                                      agency's public submission policy,
Maintaining a low altitude keeps the GoCopter well out of active            refer to its website or the Federal
airspace, noise nuisance and obstacles. It will also reduce the             Register document.
time to conduct an emergency landing.

91.121 Altimeter settings.
Exemption:

      The GoCopter is not equipped with a visual altimeter
therefore its altitude is determined by visual reference by
maintaining constant line of sight during the flight. My altitude is
determined by maintaining good visual clearance from
participating buildings, manmade and natural objects and
people. 

      Equal Level of Safety:
An addition feature built into the flight controller limits the radial
distance from my established home base including distance and
altitude. 

       91.405 Maintenance required.                                                                              2/3
       91.407 Operation after maintenance, preventive maintenance,
       rebuilding, or alteration.
       91.409 Inspections.
       91.417 Maintenance records.
       Exemptions:
       Due do the lack of qualified maintenance inspector for this type
       of airframe, I request exception from the required inspection,
       maintenance and recording by an independent inspector. I intend
       to personally maintain and service the GoCopter per
       manufacturer specification as detailed in the respective systems
       manuals. This includes visual inspections, software updates and
       regular calibrations. I consider myself an authorized service

http://www.regulations.gov/#!documentDetailD=FAA201505870004
7/16/2015                                                     Regulations.gov  Other Document

person of the GoCopter due to the 25+ hours of research,

building, testing and flying of the GoCopter system. The above
stated maintenance will be conducted during every prep, pre
flight check and storage.
Equal Level of Safety:
My level of maintenance is equal or greater to the manufacturers
level of compliance by following the manufacturers printed
instructions and procedures. In addition to my check list, the
flight controller has built in safe guards and indicators to help
keep the GoCopter system in good airworthiness condition.

http://www.regulations.gov/#!documentDetailD=FAA201505870004                                   3/3
