April 17, 2015

                                                          Exemption No. 11380
                                                          Regulatory Docket No. FAA-2015-0052

Mr. Mark Sobczyk
First Team Real Estate Mark Sobczyk & Associates
P.O. Box 6188
40717 Big Bear Boulevard
Big Bear Lake, CA 92315

Dear Mr. Sobczyk:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

The Basis for Our Decision

By letter dated January 9, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of First Team Real Estate Mark Sobczyk and Associates (hereinafter petitioner or
operator) for an exemption. The exemption would allow the petitioner to operate an
unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct aerial imaging and video of Louisville landmarks
and homes for sale.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.
                                                                                                                 2

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a DJI Phantom 2.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C.  44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption No. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Lab, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, First Team Real Estate Mark Sobczyk and Associates is
granted an exemption from 14 CFR ㎣ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a),
61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and
(2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to
                                                                                             3

perform aerial data collection. This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations
listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, First Team Real Estate Mark Sobczyk and Associates is hereafter
referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom 2
         when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any
         other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC must
         be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
                                                                                                            4

    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update or
    revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then the
    operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's UAS
    Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding updates or
    revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g. replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g. inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Colombia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
                                                                                                            5

    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR  61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR  61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR  91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR  1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
                                                                                       6

exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR ㎣ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating. These
    documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
                                                                                               7

reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
    as documented in this grant of exemption.

30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
    exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
    District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
    notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
    must include at least the following:
      a. Dates and times for all flights;
      b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
          under this grant of exemption;
      c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
          the UAS;
      d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
      e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
      f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
          and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
          who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
      g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
      h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
          town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
          essential to accomplish the operation.

31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
    consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
    exemption holder's MPTOM.
                                                                                                                 8

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.

This exemption terminates on April 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service
Mark Sobczyk
Mark Sobczyk and Associates
P.O. Box 1425
Big Bear Lake, CA 92315
(Phone) 909-866-4354
(Fax) 909- 752-5323

January 9, 2015

U. S. Department of Transportation
Docket Management System
1200 New Jersey Ave., SE
Washington, DC 20590

Subject Exemption Request Section 333 of the FAA Reform Act and Part 11 of the Federal
Aviation Regulations from 14 C.F.R. Part 21, 45.27(a), 45.29 (3) (c)(d)(e)(f)(g)(h), 61.113 (a) &
(b), 91.103, 91.119, 91.121, 91.203,91.151

Following the format of FAA Exemption No. 11138 -Regulatory Docket No. FAA 2014 0481 I have
included:
1)Supplemental Response for Petition
2)PHANTOM Quick Start Manual v1.7, PHANTOM Advanced Manual v.1.4
3)PHANTOM Flying Flow Chart V1.0
4)Personal protocols and controls - Safety/Flight concerns

Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 and 14 C.F.R. Part
11, I, Mark Sobczyk, a licensed Realtor for 10 years, preparing this exemption request myself,
would like to apply for an exemption from the following Code of Federal Regulations (C.F.R) to be
allowed commercial operation of lightweight Unmanned Aircraft Systems (UAS) for aerial imaging
and video of Louisville Landmarks and homes I list for sale.

I have experience in flying hobby quads for recreational purposes during the past 5 years without
incident. I have added a hobby grade OJI Phantom 2 quad-copter (maximum gross weight 3
pounds, equipped with four rotors that are driven by electric motors powered by batteries, the
UAS has a maximum airspeed of 10 m/s) to my inventory equipped with a GoPro 4 Black camera
with intent for aerial videography/cinematography to enhance academic community awareness
and augment real estate listing videos; following an exemption and approval by the FAA.

                                             Mark Sobczyk

                                                                       ORE #01323140

                                            first Team Real Estate Mark Sobczyk & Associates

                                 P.O. Box 6188 e 40717 Big Bear Boulevard o Big Bear Lake, CA 92315

                                                  Direct: (909) 289-0863 e Fax: (909) 752-5323

                                                             Mark@BigBearReaiEstate.net
My exemption request would permit operation of ultra-light weight, unmanned (piloted
by remote control) in predetermined areas away from general public, airports,
heliports and vehicular traffic, under 400 ft. and after carefully reviewing, inspecting
and examining the area of aerial observation. This would allow for community videos
and within property boundaries for individual homeowner real estate listing
videos/photos.
I will abide all FAA requirements to ensure this exemption will provide a level of
safety at least equal to existing rules and will only operate in a safe environment that
is strictly controlled, are away from power lines, elevated lights, airports and actively
populated areas; and I will conduct extensive preflight inspections and protocols,
during which safety carries primary importance.

14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H: Airworthiness Certificates 14 CFR  91.203

Given the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the aircraft
to be utilized, I am asking exemption from 14CFRpart21 ,Subpart H(Airworthiness
Certificates)and91.203 (a) and (b) (Certifications required),subject to certain
conditions and limitations, is warranted and meets the requirements for an equivalent
level of safety under14CFRpart 11 and Section 333 of P.L. 112-95 (Section 333).

14 C.F.R. 45.27(a): Location of marks; non fixed-wing aircraft. 14 C.F.R. 45.29
(3) (c)(d)(e)(f)(h): Size of Marks

Furthermore I request an exemption from 45.23 Marking of the aircraft because my
UAS will not have a cabin, cockpit or pilot station on which to mark certain words or
phrases. Additionally two -inch lettering is difficult to place on such a small aircraft
with dimensions smaller than the minimal lettering requirement. I understand the
need for markings and will mark my UAS in the largest possible lettering by placing
the word "Experimental" or assigned number or name (based on a request or ruling
by the FAA) on its fuselage as required by 45.29(f) so that anyone assisting him as
a spotter will see the markings.

I also ask for an exemption from ㎣91.405(a),91.407(a)(1 ), 91.409(a)(2) and
91.417(a) and(b) Maintenance inspections may be required and should be granted
since they only apply to aircraft with an airworthiness certificate. But, as a safety
precaution I will perform a preflight inspection of my UAS before each flight as
outlined in his operating documents.

                                          Mark Sobczyk

                                                  DRE #01323140
                          First Team Real Estate Mark Sobczyk & Associates
               P.O. Box 6188 e 40717 Big Bear Boulevard e Big Bear Lake, CA 92315

                                Direct: (909) 289-0863 e Fax: (909) 752-5323
                                          Mark@BigBearRealEstate.net
14 CFR 61.113 (a) & (b): Private pilot privileges and limitations: Pilot in
command.

Under 61.113 (a) and(b) private pilots are limited to non-commercial operations,
however I can achieve an equivalent level of safety as achieved by current
regulations because my UAS does not carry any pilots or passengers. While helpful,
a pilots' license will not ensure remote control piloting skills. The risks of operating a
UAS are far less than the risk levels inherent in the commercial activities outlined in
14 CFR part61 ,et seq., I requests an exemption from 61.113 Private Pilot Privileges
and Limitations.
Regarding UAS operational training, as stated previously I have five years'
experience flying numerous practice flights in remote areas as a hobbyist simulating
flights for future commercial use to gain familiarization with the characteristics of his
UAS' performance under different temperature and weather conditions. I also own
and practices on a computerized simulated flights software to maintain adequate
skills and response reflex time. I'm also aware of a three-day drone training course in
Las Vegas Nevada and would gladly attend if required by the FAA.

14 C.F.R. 91.103 (b)(1), (b)(2): Preflight Action

If granted an exemption I agree to additional safety procedures including, but not

limited to:

 Keeping my USA within a radius distance of 1000 feet from the controller to

both aid in direct line of sight visual observation.

 Operate the UAS for 3-7 minutes per flight; land my UAS according to the

manufacturer's recommended minimum level of battery power.

 Operate my UAS only within visual line of sight (VLOS).

 Use the UAS' global positioning system(GPS) flight safety feature; it hovers

and then slowly lands if communication with the remote control.

 Conduct all operations under my own personal and flight safety protocols

(including posting a warning sign reading: "Attention Aerial Photography in

Progress -Remain Back 150 feet").                          

 I will operate and will actively analyze flight data and other sources of

information to constantly update and enhance my safety protocols.

 Contact respective airports if operations will be within 5 miles to advise them of

his estimated flight time, flight duration, elevation of flight and other pertinent

information.

                                    Mark Sobczyk

                                                   DRE #01323140
                         First Team Real Estate Mark Sobczyk & Associates
             P.O. Box 6188 o 40717 Big Bear Boulevard" Big Bear Lake, CA 92315

                              Direct: (909) 289-0863  Fax: (909) 752-5323
                                         Mark@BigBearReaiEstate.net
      Always obtain all necessary permissions prior to operation.
      Have procedures in place to abort flights in the event of safety breaches or

         potential danger.

Aerial videography for geographical awareness of real estate marketing has been
around for a long time through manned fixed winged aircraft and helicopters, but for
small business owners, its expense has been cost-prohibitive. Granting this
exemption would allow me to provide this service at a much lower cost. Further, my
small UAS, when used properly, will pose no threat to the public given its small size
and lack of combustible fuel when compared to larger manned aircraft. The operation
of his UAS will minimize ecological damage and promote economic growth by
providing information to companies looking to relocate or build in the Big Bear Lake,
Ca. area.

One final comment, the use of a UAS has already proven to increase the
marketability of a home. For example please review the article published January 7,
2015 in the San Diego source entitled "drone use in real estate may increase", (also
added as an attachment). The article cites the FAA's exemption given to Douglas
Trudeau, but also describes a record high price for an area home that used a drone
for aerial photography. "When broker Kurt Wannebo added an aerial video to the
listing for a Carmel Valley house, located on a large corner lot overlooking canyons
on two sides, he saw Web traffic noticeably increase."
I understand this may be outside the scope of this request but as a real estate agent I
think it's important to point out that the use of any tool that increases value to a home
or community (by adding visibility to more potential buyers) is in the best interest of
homeowners nationwide. Selling a home faster and for more money because of the
use of new technology (being safely used and approved by the FAA) will go a long
way to ensure our economy continues to grow.

                                             Mark Sobczyk

                                                                       ORE #01323140

                                         First Team Real Estate Mark Sobczyk & Associates

                                 P.O. Box 6188  40717 Big Bear Boulevard e Big Bear lake, CA 92315

                                                  Direct: (909) 289-0863" Fax: (909) 752-5323

                                                             Mark@BigBearReaiEstate.net
