September 11, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12832
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA-2015-2427

Mr. Dan Martino
Martha's Vineyard Productions
P.O. Box 4500
Vineyard Haven, MA 02568

Dear Mr. Martino:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter posted to the public docket on June 23, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation
Administration (FAA) on behalf of Martha's Vineyard Productions (hereinafter petitioner or
operator) for an exemption. The petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system
(UAS) to conduct aerial video for cinematographic purposes1.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner are the DJI Phantom 2, DJI Phantom 3, and DJI Inspire
1.

1 By email received on August 27, 2015, the petitioner requested removal of closed-set filming from the
proposed operations.
                                                                                                                 2

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C.  44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection2. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Martha's Vineyard Productions is granted an
exemption from 14 CFR ㎣ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a),
91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and
91.417(a) and (b), to the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform

2 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                             3

aerial data collection. This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed
below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Martha's Vineyard Productions is hereafter referred to as
the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom 2,
    DJI Phantom 3, and DJI Inspire 1 when weighing less than 55 pounds including
    payload. Proposed operations of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a
    petition to amend this exemption.

2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are not
    permitted.

3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
    exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
    compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
    airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
    aircraft manufacturer.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.

    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
    electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
    must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
    required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
                                                                                                            4

    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
                                                                                                            5

    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR  61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR  61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR  91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR  1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
                                                                                       6

exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial

    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must

    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR ㎣ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical

    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
                                                                                               7

reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
    as documented in this grant of exemption.

30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
    exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
    District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
    notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
    must include at least the following:
      a. Dates and times for all flights;
      b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
          under this grant of exemption;
      c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
          the UAS;
      d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
      e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
      f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
          and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
          who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
      g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
      h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
          town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
          essential to accomplish the operation.

31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons

    consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
    exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                                                 8

This exemption terminates on September 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,
/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
Exemption    Request    Section    333    of    the    FAA    Reform    Act    and    Part    11    of    the    
Federal    Aviation    Regulations    from    14    C.F.R.    45.23(b);14    CFR    Part    21;14    CFR    
61.113    (a)    &    (b);    91.7    (a);91.9    (b)    (2);91.103(b);  91.109;91.119;    91.121;    
91.151(a);91.203(a)    &    (b);91.405    (a);    91.407(a)    (1);    91.409    (a)    (2);91.417    (a)    
&    (b).  

  

To    Whom    It    May    Concern:      

In    pursuant    with    Section    333    of    the    FAA    Modernization    and    Reform    Act    
of2012    and    14    C.F.R.    Part    11,    Martha's  Vineyard  Productions  (MVP),  an    operator    
of    a    small    Unmanned    Aircraft    System    (sUAS)    for    the    motion    picture    and    
television    industry,    seeks    an    exemption    from    the    Federal    Aviation    Regulations    
(FARs)    to    allow    commercial    operations    of    its    sUAS.    Regulations    ("FARs")    to    
allow    commercial    operation    of    its    sUASs,    so    long    as    such    operations    are    
conducted    within    and    under    the    conditions    outlined    herein    or    as    may    be    
established    by    the    FAA    as    required    by    Section    333.      

As    described    more    fully    below,    the    requested    exemption    would    permit    the    
operation    of    small,    unmanned    and    relatively    inexpensive    sUAS    under    controlled    
conditions    in    airspace    that    is    limited,    predetermined,    controlled    as    to    access    
and    would    provide    safety    enhancements    to    the    already    safe    operations    in    the    
film    and    television    industry    presently    using    conventional    aircraft.    Approval  of    
this    exemption    would    thereby    enhance    safety    and    fulfill    the    Secretary    of    
Transportation's    (the    FAA    Administrator's)    responsibilities    to    "    ...    establish    
requirements    for    the    safe    operation    of    such    aircraft    systems    in    the    national    
airspace    system."    Section    333(c)    of    the    Reform    Act.      

Information  Supporting    this    Petition    as    Specified    in    14    C.F.R.    11.81      

    (a) Your    name    and    mailing    address    and,    if    you    wish,    other    contact    
         information    such    as    a    fax    number,    telephone    number,    or    e-mail    
         address;      

Martha's  Vineyard  Productions  
Dan  Martino  
PO  BOX  4500  
Vineyard  Haven,  MA  02568  
(713)825-5190  
Email:  Dan@MarthasVineyardProductions.com  

(b)    The    specific    section    or    sections    of    14    C.F.R.    from    which    MVP    seeks    an    
exemption      

    21-  Subpart    H    Certification    procedures    for    products    and    parts,    Airworthiness    
Certificates      
    45.23    -  Display    of    marks;    general      
    61.113-  Private    pilot    privileges    and    limitations:    Pilot    in    command      
    91.103-  Preflight    Actions        91.105-  Flight    crewmembers    at    stations      
    91.109-  Flight    instruction;    Simulated    instrument    flight    and    certain    flight    tests    
    91.119-  Minimum    safe    altitudes:    General      
    91.121-Altimetersettings      
    91.151-  Fuel    requirements    for    flights    in    Visual    Flight    Rules    (VFR)    conditions    
    91.203    -Civil    aircraft:    certification    required      
    91.405-  Maintenance    required      
    91.407-  Operation    after    maintenance,    preventative    maintenance,    rebuilding,    
and    alteration      
    91.409    -Inspections      
    91.417    -  Maintenance    records      

(c)    The    extent    of    relief    MVP    seeks,    and    the    reason    MVP    seeks    the    relief    MVP    
seeks    an    exemption    for    several    provisions    of    14    C.F.R.    Parts    21,    45,    61,    and    
91    to    the    extent    to    operate    small    UASs    to    record    aerial    video    for    
cinematographic    purposes.      

This  exemption    application    is    expressly    submitted    to    fulfill    Congress'    goal    in    
passing    Section    333(a)    through    (c)    of    the    Reform    Act.    This  law  directs    the    
Secretary    of    Transportation    to    consider    whether    certain    unmanned    aircraft    
systems    may    operate    safely    in    the    national    airspace    system    (NAS)    before    
completion    of    the    rulemaking    required    under    Section    332    of    the    Reform    Act.    
In    making    this    determination,    the    Secretary    is    required    to    determine    which    
types    of    UASs    do    not    create    a    hazard    to    users    of    the    NAS    or    the    public    or    
pose    a    threat    to    national    security    in    light    of    the    following:      
  
    The    UAS's    size,    weight,    speed,    and    operational    capability;      
    Operation    of    the    UAS    in    close    proximity    to    airports    and    populated    areas;    
and      
    Operation    of    the    UAS    within    visual    line    of    sight    of    the    operator.      

Reform    Act    333    (a).    Lastly,  if    the    Secretary    determines    that    such    vehicles    
"may    operate    safely    in    the    national    airspace    system,    the    Secretary    shall    
establish    requirements    for    the    safe    operation    of    such    aircraft    in    the    national    
airspace    system"      

The    Federal    Aviation    Act    expressly    grants    the    FAA    the    authority    to    issue    
exemptions.    This    statutory    authority    by    its    terms    includes    exempting    civil    
aircraft,    as    the    term    is    defined    under    40101    of    the    Act,    that    includes    sUASs,    
from    the    requirement    that    all    civil    aircraft    must    have    a    current    airworthiness    
certificate.      

The    Administrator    may    grant    an    exemption    from    a    requirement    of    a    regulation    
prescribed    under    subsection    (a)    or    (b)    of    this    section    or    any    sections    44702-
44716    of    this    title    if    the    Administrator    finds    the    exemption    in    the    public    
interest.    49    U.S.C.    44701(f)    See    also    49    USC    44711(a);    49    USC    44704;    
14CFR91.203    (a)    (1).  

  

14    C.F    .R.    21    -  Subpart    H    Certification    procedures    for    products    and    parts,    
Airworthiness    Certificates      

MVP    seeks    exemption    from    14    C.F.R.    21,    Subpart    H    which    states    the    
certification    procedures    for    products    and    parts    as    well    as    airworthiness    
certificates.      

The    sUAS    to    be    operated    hereunder  are  models;  DJI  Phantom  2,  DJI  Phantom  3,  
DJI  Inspire  1.      

All  sUAS  are    less    than    55    lbs.    fully    loaded,    carries    neither    a    pilot    nor    passenger,    
carries    no    explosive    materials    or    flammable    liquid    fuels,    and    operates    
exclusively    within    a    secured,  pre-planned    area.    Unlike    other    civil    aircraft,    
operations    under    this    exemption    will    be    tightly    controlled    and    monitored    by    
both    the    operator  and    under    the    requirements    and    in    compliance    with    local    
public    safety    requirements,    to    provide    security    for    the    area    of    operation    as    is    
now    done    with    conventional    filming.    The  FAA    will    have    advance    notice    of    all    
operations.    These  safety    enhancements,    which    already    apply    to    civil    aircraft    
operated    in    connection    with    motion    picture    and    television    production,    provide    
a    greater    degree    of    safety    to    the    public    and    property    owners    than    
conventional    operations    conducted    with    airworthiness    certificates    issued    under    
14    C.F.R.    Part    21,    Subpart    H.    Lastly,  application    of    these    same    criteria    
demonstrates    that    there    is    no    credible    threat    to    national    security    posed    by    the    
UAS,    due    to    its    size,    speed    of    operation,    location    of    operation,    lack    of    
explosive    materials    or    flammable    liquid    fuels,    and    inability    to    carry    a    
substantial    external    load.    Unlike  other    civil    aircraft,    operations    under    this    
exemption    will    be    tightly  controlled  and  monitored  by    both    the    operator  and    
under    the    requirements    and    in    compliance    with    local    public    safety    
requirements,    to    provide    security    for    the    area    of    operation.  

  

14    C.F.R.        45.23    (b).    Marking    of  the    Aircraft      

MVP    seeks    exemption    from    14    C.F.R.    45.23,    which    discusses    the    display    of    
marks.    Specifically,    section    45.23    states,    "(a)    each    operator    of    an    aircraft    must    
display    on    that    aircraft    marks    consisting    of    the    Roman    capital    letter    "N"    
(denoting    United    States    registration)    followed    by    the    registration    number    of    
the    aircraft.    Each    suffix    letter    used    in    the    marks    displayed    must    also    be    a    
Roman    capital    letter    (b)    when    marks    include    only    the    Roman    capital    letter    "N"    
and    the    registration    number    is    displayed    on    limited,    restricted    or    light-sport    
category    aircraft    or    experimental    or    provisionally    certificated    aircraft,    the    
operator    must    also    display    on    that    aircraft    near    each    entrance    to    the    cabin,    
cockpit,    or    pilot    station,    in    letters    not    less    than    2    inches    nor    more    than    6    
inches    high,    the    words    "limited,"    "restricted,"    "light-  sport,"    "experimental,"    or    
"provisional,"    as    applicable".    MVP    will    need    exemption    from    this    regulation    
due    to    the    small    size    of    the    aircraft    and    that    there    is    no    cabin,    cockpit,    or    
pilot    station    for    the    aircraft.    The    FAA    has    issued    the    following    exemptions    to    
this    regulation    to    Exemptions    Nos.    10700,    8738,    10167    and    10167    A.  

14    C.F.R.        61.113    (a)    &    (b):    Private    Pilot    Privileges    and    Limitations:    
Pilot    in    Command.      

MVP    seeks    exemption    from    14    C.F.R.    61.113,    which    discusses    private    pilot    
privileges    and    limitations    for    the    Pilot    in    command    (PIC).    MVP    is    seeking    
exemption    from    this    regulation,    because    MVP    believes    that    there    is    
inconclusive    evidence    that    a    person    with    a    private    pilot    certificate    can    
successfully    maneuver    a    sUAS    without    first    hand    flight    experience    with    the    
particular    sUAS.    In    fact,    having    a    private    pilot    license    does    not    automatically    
ensure    competence    at    flying    an    sUAS    in    3rct    person    view    as    required    to    
properly    operate    an    sUAS    within    the    required    line    of    sight.  Therefore,    we    
believe    our    own    flight    training    with    the    sUAS    will    be    more    than    satisfactory.      

14    C.F.R.    91.103-  Preflight    Actions      

MVP    seeks    exemption    from    14    C.F.R.    91.103    which    states    that    each    pilot    in    
command    shall,    before    beginning    a    flight,    become    familiar    with    all    available    
information    concerning    that    flight.    This    information    must    include:    (a)    For    a    
flight    under    IFR    or    a    flight    not    in    the    vicinity    of    an    airport,    weather    reports    
and    forecasts,    fuel    requirements,    alternatives    available    if    the    planned    flight    
cannot    be    completed,    and    any    known    traffic    delays    of    which    the    pilot    in    
command    has    been    advised    by    ATC;    actions,    including    reviewing    weather,    
flight    battery    requirements,    landing    and    takeoff    distances,    and    aircraft    
performance    data    before    starting    a    flight.    MVP    will    be    operating    our    sUAS    in    
VFR.    Our  sUAS  include  a    factory  manual    and    preflight    procedures    directly    
pertaining    to    our    sUAS    which    includes    equipment    checklist    as    well    a    
preplanning    details    regarding    weather    conditions,    review    of    any    possible    flight    
path    of    general    aviation,    our    mission    flight    path    and    weather    conditions    
amongst    other    parameters    required    to    complete    the    mission.  

14    C.F.R.    91.105    -Flight    crew  members    at    stations      

MVP    seeks    exemption    from    14    C.F.R.    91.105,    which    discusses    flight    
crewmembers    at    stations.    Specifically,    91.105    states    "(a)    During    takeoff    and    
landing,    and    while    en    route,    each    required    flight    crewmember    shall    (1)    Be    at    
the    crewmember    station    unless    the    absence    is    necessary    to    perform    duties    in    
connection    with    the    operation    of    the    aircraft    or    in    connection    with    
physiological    needs;    and    (2)    Keep    the    safety    belt    fastened    while    at    the    
crewmember    station.    (b)    Each    required    flight    crewmember    of    a    U.S.-registered    
civil    aircraft    shall,    during    takeoff    and    landing,    keep    his    or    her    shoulder    
harness    fastened    while    at    his    or    her    assigned    duty    station.    This    paragraph    
does    not    apply    if    (1)    The    seat    at    the    crewmember's    station    is    not    equipped    
with    a    shoulder    harness;    or    (2)    The    crewmember    would    be    unable    to    perform    
required    duties    with    the    shoulder    harness    fastened.    MVP    will    need    exemption    
from    this    regulation    due    to    the    fact    that    the    sUAS    will    not    have    a    flight    crew    
or    crew    stations    other    than    the    PIC    and    a    FOVO.    The    PIC    will    also    not    have    
to    be    restrained    into    a    seat    via    shoulder    harness    or    safety    belt    at    the    time    of    
the    flight.  

14    C.F.R.    91.109-  Flight    instruction;    Simulated    instrument    flight    and    
certain    flight    tests    

  MVP    seeks    exemption    from    14    C.F.R.    91.109,    which    discusses    flight    instruction,    
simulated    instrument    flight,    and    certain    flight    tests.    Specifically,    91.109    states    
"(a)    No    person    may    operate    a    civil    aircraft    (except    a    manned    free    balloon)    
that    is    being    used    for    flight    instruction    unless    that    aircraft    has    fully    
functioning    dual    controls.    However,    instrument    flight    instruction    may    be    given    
in    an    airplane    that    is    equipped    with    a    single,    functioning    throw    over    control    
wheel    that    controls    the    elevator    and    ailerons,    in    place    of    fixed,    dual    controls,    
when    (1)    The    instructor    has    determined    that    the    flight    can    be    conducted    
safely;    and    (2)    The    person    manipulating    the    controls    has    at    least    a    private    
pilot    certificate    with    appropriate    category    and    class    ratings.    (b)    An    airplane    
equipped    with    a    single,    functioning    throw    over    control    wheel    that    controls    the    
elevator    and    ailerons,    in    place    of    fixed,    dual    controls    may    be    used    for    flight    
instruction    to    conduct    a    flight    review    required    by    61.56    of    this    chapter,    or    to    
obtain    recent    flight    experience    or    an    instrument    proficiency    check    required    by    
61.5    7    when    (1)    The    airplane    is    equipped    with    operable    rudder    pedals    at    
both    pilot    stations;    (2)    The    pilot    manipulating    the    controls    is    qualified    to    
serve    and    serves    as    pilot    in    command    during    the    entire    flight;    (3)    The    
instructor    is    current    and    qualified    to    serve    as    pilot    in    command    of    the    
airplane,    meets    the    requirements    of    61.195(b    ),    and    has    logged    at    least    25    
hours    of    pilot-in-command    flight    time    in    the    make    and    model    of    airplane;    and    
(    4)    The    pilot    in    command    and    the    instructor    have    determined    the    flight    can    
be    conducted    safely.    (c)    No    person    may    operate    a    civil    aircraft    in    simulated    
instrument    flight    unless    (1)    The    other    control    seat    is    occupied    by    a    safety    
pilot    who    possesses    at    least    a    private    pilot    certificate    with    category    and    class    
ratings    appropriate    to    the    aircraft    being    flown.    (2)    The    safety    pilot    has    
adequate    vision    forward    and    to    each    side    of    the    aircraft,    or    a    competent    
observer    in    the    aircraft    adequately    supplements    the    vision    of    the    safety    pilot;    
and    (3)    Except    in    the    case    of    lighter-  than-air    aircraft,    that    aircraft    is    equipped    
with    fully    functioning    dual    controls.    However,    simulated    instrument    flight    may    
be    conducted    in    a    single-engine    airplane,    equipped    with    a    single,    functioning,    
throw    over    control    wheel,    in    place    of    fixed,    dual    controls    of    the    elevator    and    
ailerons,    when    (i)    The    safety    pilot    has    determined    that    the    flight    can    be    
conducted    safely;    and    (ii)    The    person    manipulating    the    controls    has    at    least    a    
private    pilot    certificate    with    appropriate    category    and    class    ratings.    (d)    No    
person    may    operate    a    civil    aircraft    that    is    being    used    for    a    flight    test    for    an    
airline    transport    pilot    certificate    or    a    class    or    type    rating    on    that    certificate,    or    
for    a    part    121    proficiency    flight    test,    unless    the    pilot    seated    at    the    controls,    
other    than    the    pilot    being    checked,    is    fully    qualified    to    act    as    pilot    in    
command    of    the    aircraft".    Again,    Except    when    necessary    for    takeoff    or    landing,    
no    person    may    operate    an    aircraft    below    the    following    altitudes:  (a)    Anywhere.    
An    altitude    allowing,    if    a    power    unit    fails,    an    emergency    landing    without    
undue    hazard    to    persons    or    property    on    the    surface.    (b)    Over    congested    areas.    
Over    any    congested    area    of    a    city,    town,    or    settlement,    or    over    any    open    air    
assembly    of    persons,    an    altitude    of    1,000    feet    above    the    highest    obstacle    
within    a    horizontal    radius    of    2,000    feet    of    the    aircraft.    (c)    Over    other    than    
congested    areas.    An    altitude    of    500    feet    above    the    surface,    except    over    open    
water    or    sparsely    populated    areas.    In    those    cases,    the    aircraft    may    not    be    
operated    closer    than    500    feet    to    any    person,    vessel,    vehicle,    or    structure.    (d)    
Helicopters,    powered    parachutes,    and    weight-shift-control    aircraft.    If    the    
operation    is    conducted    without    hazard    to    persons    or    property    on    the    surface-  
(1)    A    helicopter    may    be    operated    at    less    than    the    minimums    prescribed    in    
paragraph    (b)    or    (c)    of    this    section,    provided    each    person    operating    the    
helicopter    complies    with    any    routes    or    altitudes    specifically    prescribed    for    
helicopters    by    the    FAA;    and    (2)    A    powered    parachute    or    weight-shift-control    
aircraft    may    be    operated    at    less    than    the    minimums    prescribed    in    paragraph    
(c)    of    this    section    (a)    Each    person    operating    an    aircraft    shall    maintain    the    
cruising    altitude    or    flight    level    of    that    aircraft,    as    the    case    may    be,    by    
reference    to    an    altimeter    that    is    set,    when    operating-(1)    Below    18,000    feet    
MSL,    to-(i)    The    current    reported    altimeter    setting    of    a    station    along    the    route    
and    within    100    nautical    miles    of    the    aircraft;    (ii)    If    there    is    no    station    within    
the    area    prescribed    in    paragraph    (a)(1)(i)    of    this    section,    the    current    reported    
altimeter    setting    of    an    appropriate    available    station;    or    (iii)    In    the    case    of    an    
aircraft    not    equipped    with    a    radio,    the    elevation    of    the  departure    airport    or    an    
appropriate    altimeter    setting    available    before    departure;    or    (2)    At    or    above    
18,000    feet    MSL,    to    29.92"    Hg.    (b)    The    lowest    usable    flight    level    is    determined    
by    the    atmospheric    pressure    in    the    area    of    operation    as    shown    in    the    
following    table:      

MVP    believes    that    there    is    inconclusive    evidence    that    a    person    with    a    private    
pilot    certificate    or    license    can    successfully    maneuver    or    train    someone    to    use    
an    sUAS    without    first    hand    flight    experience    with    the    particular    sUAS.    Flying    
in    3rd    person    orientation    requires    built-up    experience    in    that    form    of    flying    
for    many    years.    Therefore,    we    believe    our    own    flight    training,    pilot    protocols,  
sUAS  manuals    and    first    hand    experiences    with    the    sUAS  meets    and    exceeds    the    
requirements    necessary    to    safely    operate    our    sUAS    for    the    tasks    we    purpose.    
Also,    the    sUAS    will    be    operated    by    a    remote    control,    which    will    only    require    a    
single    person    operator    and    dual    controls    will    not    be    necessary.  

14    C.F.R.    91.119-  Minimum    safe    altitudes:    General      
MVP    seeks    exemption    from    14    C.F.R.    91.119,    which    discusses    minimum    safe    
altitudes.    As    this    exemption    is    for    a    sUAS    that    is    a    helicopter    and    the    
exemption    requests    authority    to    operate    at    altitudes    up    to    400    AGL,    or    not    
more    than    200    above    an    elevated    platform    from    which    filming    is    planned,    an    
exemption    may    be    needed    to    allow    such    operations.    As    set    forth    herein,    the    
UAS    will    never    operate    at    higher    than    400    AGL.    It    will    however    be    operated    
in    a    restricted    area    with    security    perimeter,    where    buildings    and    people    will    
not    be    exposed    to    operations    without    their    pre-obtained    consent.    The    
equivalent    level    of    safety    will    be    achieved    given    the    size,    weight,    speed    of    the    
UAS    as    well    as    the    location    where    it    is    operated.    No    flight    will    be    taken    
without    the    permission    of    the    property    owner    or    local    officials.    Because    of    the    
advance    notice    to    the    property    owner    and    participants    in    the    filming    activity,    
all    affected    individuals    will    be    aware    of    the    planned    flight    operations.    
Compared    to    flight    operations    with    aircraft    or    rotorcraft    weighting    far    more    
than    the    maximum    55lbs.    proposed    herein    and    the    lack    of    flammable    fuel,    any    
risk    associated    with    these    operations    is    far    less    than    those    presently    presented    
with    conventional    aircraft    operating    at    or    below    500    AGL    in    the    movie    
industry.    In    addition,    the    low-altitude    operations    of    the    sUAS    will    ensure    
separation    between    these    small-  UAS    operations    and    the    operations    of    
conventional    aircraft    that    must    comply    with    Section    91.119.  
14    C.F.R.    91.121-  Altimeter    settings      
MVP  seeks    exemption    from    14    C.F.R.    91.121,    which    discusses    altimeter    settings    
for    lowest    usable    flight    level.      
C.F.R.    91121    states,  

                                                                                                               
(c)    To    convert    minimum    altitude    prescribed    under    ㎣91.119    and    91.177    to    the    
minimum    flight    level,    the    pilot    shall    take    the    flight    level    equivalent    of    the    
minimum    altitude    in    feet    and  add    the    appropriate    number  of  feet  specified  
below,  according  to  the  current  reported  altimeter  setting:"  
                                                                                                                                                                                 

MVP's    sUAS    uses    both    GPS    altitude    and    barometric    sensors    and    relays    that    
information    to    our    ground    station.    However,    this    data    is    used    help    the    sUAS    
to    automatically    maintain    position    hold    at    the    required    elevation    and    therefore    
this    code    is    not    pertinent    the    functionality    of    this    sUAS.      

14    C.F.R.    91.151-  Fuel    requirements    for    flights    in    Visual    Flight    Rules    
(VFR)    conditions      

MVP    seeks    exemption    from    14    C.F.R.    91.151,    which    discusses    fuel    
requirements    for    flight    in    VFR    conditions.    Specifically,    91.151    states    "(a)    No    
person    may    begin    a    flight    in    an    airplane    under    VFR    conditions    unless    
(considering    wind    and    forecast    weather    conditions)    there    is    enough    fuel    to    fly    
to    the    first    point    of    intended    landing    and,    assuming    normal    cruising    speed-  (1)    
During    the    day,    to    fly    after    that    for    at    least    30    minutes;    or    (2)    At    night,    to    fly    
after    that    for    at    least    45    minutes.    (b)    No    person    may    begin    a    flight    in    a    
rotorcraft    under    VFR    conditions    unless    (considering    wind    and    forecast    weather    
conditions)    there    is    enough    fuel    to    fly    to    the    first    point    of    intended    landing    
and,    assuming    normal    cruising  speed,    to    fly    after    that    for    at    least    20    minutes".  

MVP's    sUAS    has    a    typical    mission    time    of  less    than    15    minutes    with    maximum    
flight    time    of    25  minutes.    Since    this    amount    is  less    than    the    30    minute    reserve    
minimum,    this    reserve    minimum    would    not    even    make    sense    in    allowing    the    
sUAS    a    chance    to    fly.    According    to    MVP's    aircraft    flight    manual,    the    PIC    is    
instructed    to    maintain    flight    until    battery    power    reaches    25%,    or    1st    level    
warning.    At    this    level,    landing    procedures    will    be    intiated.    Once    the    sUAS    
reads    20%,    2nd    level    warning,    the    flight    control    system    automatically    take    
over    and    initiates    safe    landing    sequence    at    the    logged    in    takeoff    point.      

MVP    believes    that    an    appropriate    and    current    airworthiness    certificate    would    
not    be    necessary    to    fly    a    sUAS    given    the    size    of    the    aircraft    and    the    necessary    
level    of    skill    needed    to    operate    the    aircraft.    Before    putting    in    to    service,    each    
of    our    sUAS    goes    through    our    own    airworthiness    proceedures    of    miminum    
test    flight    and    reliability    checks.    Also,    our    sUAS    are    recalibrated    each    at    the    
site    location    before    each    flight    to    ensure    that    all    systems    functions    as    designed.    
MVP    seeks    exemption    from    this    regulation    because    we    believe    this    rule    was    
not    meant    for    a    sUAS    and    operators.  

14    C.F.R.    91.405,    91.407,  91.409,    and    91.417      
MVP    seeks    exemption    from    14    C.F.R.    91.405,    91.407,    91.409,    and    91.417,    
which    discusses    required    aircraft    maintenance,    operation    after    maintenance,    
preventive    maintenance,    rebuilding,    or    alteration,    inspections,    and    maintenance    
records.    In    MVP's    aircraft    factory    manual,    maintenance    and    inspection    
procedures    have    been    established    for    the    aircraft.    MVP    believes    these    
regulations    are    meant    for    manned    operated    aircrafts    and    not    unmanned    
systems,    therefore    making    them    unnecessary.    Nevertheless,    we    seek    an    
exemption    from    any    such    specific    provisions    to    the    extent    FAA    finds    it    
necessary    to    grant    this    request.      

(d)    The    reasons    why    granting    MVP's    request    would    be    in    the    public    interest;    
that    is,    how    it    would    benefit    the    public    as    a    whole.  

MVP's    use    of    a    sUAS    can    assist    in    making    task    safer    and    minimize    human    
exposure    to    being    at    dangerous    elevations.    MVP's    sUAS    usage    in    the    aerial    
photography    and    cinematography    will    also    reduce    the    time    required    to    
captured    the    needed    scenes    as    compared    to    convention    helicopters    or    
airplanes.    Ultimately,    the    result    is    quick    completion    of    task    and    reduction    of    
dangerous    elevation    perspective    needs.      

(e)    The    reasons    why    granting    the    exemption    would    not    adversely    affect    safety,    
or    how    the    exemption    would    provide    a    level    of    safety    at    least    equal    to    that    
provided    by    the    rule    from    which    MVP    seeks    exemption  .  Our    Engineering    
department    will    provide    a    level    of    safety    that    exceeds    the    level    of    safety    
required    by    the    FAA    for    its    use    on    sUAS.      

The    following    are    MVP's    safety    procedures,    features,    regulations,    and    operating    
specifications    for    our    sUAS:  

    Our    Squadron    Leader    /Chief    Pilot    in    Charge  has    15    years    of    RC    Model    
building    and    flight    experience.    
    The    Pilot    In    Command    (PIC)    and    Field    Operations    Visual    Observer    (FOVO)    
will    be    required    to  be  in  communication  with  each  other  at  all  times.    
    The    flight    area    of    the    sUAS    will    be    observed    for    best    take    off    and    landing    
locations.    Desired    conditions    include:    flat    and    level    surfaces    clear    of    debris,    at    
least    15ft    from    power    lines    and    structures,    and    a    minimum    distance    of    12ft    
from    the    PIC    and    observers.      
    The    sUAS    will    also    be    in    the    Visual    Line    of    Sight    (VLOS)    to    both    the    PIC    
and    FOVO    during    all    flights.      
    Flights    must    take    place    during    good    weather    conditions    with    no    rain,    low    
laying    clouds,    or    heavy    winds.    All    flights    will    take    place    during    daylight    hours    
with    no    evening    or    late    night    flights.      
    The    PIC(s)    of    the    sUAS    will    at    least    have    12    training    hours    or    24    flights    
accrued    before    being    designated    working    flights.      
    All    batteries    must    be    charged    completely    before    each    flight    and    each    flight    
must    end    when    the    battery    has    a    30%    power    level    remaining.      
    A    visual    safety    inspection    will    occur    before    each    flight,    testing    propeller    
tightness,    security    mount    of    camera/detection    equipment,    remote    range    test,    
and    proper    safety    equipment    is    a  adorned    to    PIC    and    FOVO.      
    The    sUAS    will    be    flown    under    a    height    of    500    ft    AGL.      
    No    PIC    or    FOVO    will    engage    in,    nor    may    a    PIC    or    FOVO    permit,    any    activity    
during    a    critical    phase    of    flight    so    as    to    ensure    that    the    sUAS    is    in    a    condition    
for    safe    flight    operation    and    in    a    configuration    appropriate    for    the    purpose    of    
the    intended    flight.      
    If    there    is    more    than    just    an    operator    at    a    site    during    a    flight,    the    PIC    
operator    and    observer    or    FOVO    will    maintain    two-way    communication    with    
each    other    during    all    operations;    if    unable    to    maintain    two-way    
communications,    or    if    any    condition    occurs    that    may    otherwise    cause    the    
operation    to    be    unsafe,    the    operator    will    immediately    conclude    the    operation.    
    If    the    communication    link    is    lost,    the    sUAS    will    go    into    fail-safe    mode    and    
safely    descend    to    its    designated    home-point    location.    If    the    communication    link    
is    reconnected    during    fail-safe    mode,    control    of    the    sUAS    can    be    regained    
before    landing    occurs    at    the    home-point    location.      
    There    is    no    fuel    or    payload    to    the    sUAS,    therefore    there    will    be    no    potential    
explosives    or    risk    of    explosion    if    a    crash    occurs    with    the    sUAS.      
    The    sUAS    will    feature    a    built    in    compass    that    will    be    recalibrated    at    every    
site    to    maintain    accurate    directional    readings.    The    compass    will    also    help    in    
keeping    the    sUAS    stable    during    flights.    
    The aircraft runs off a Li- Po battery

(f) A summary FAA can publish in the FEDERAL REGISTER, stating: (1)
The rule from which you seek the exemption; and (2) A brief description of
the nature of the exemption you seek

Petitioner: Martha's Vineyard Productions

Sections of 14 C.F.R. Affected: 21 Subpart H; 45.23(b); 61.113(a)(b); 91.103;
91.105; 91.109; 91.119(c); 91.121(a)(1)(iii); 91.151(a)(1); 91.203; 91.405;
91.407; 91.409; and 91.417

Description of Relief Sought: Petitioner seeks relief from the requirements of
14 C.F.R. 21 Subpart H; 45.23(b); 61.113(a)(b); 91.103; 91.105; 91.109;
91.119(c); 91.121(a)(1)(iii); 91.151(a)(1); 91.203; 91.405; 91.407; 91.409; and
91.417 to Cinematographic filming subject to operating procedures that meet or
exceed those that FAA requires.

(g) Any additional information, views or arguments available to support your
request

Please see the introduction to this exemption request.

(h) If you want to exercise the privileges of your exemption outside of the
United States, the reason why you need to do so
Possible work for hire at events outside of the United States. If such events should
occur, we would like to use the permit for the duration of the contract of the event
outside of the United States.

Thank you for your time in reviewing these matters.
I've tried my best to articulate how important this aspect of our video production
activities will be and how much safety and precautions we plan to take while pursuing
these activities. Please feel free to contact me if further information is required or if I
can be of further assistance.

Thank you.

Dan Martino
Owner/Operator of Martha's Vineyard Productions
Squadron    Leader    /Chief    Pilot    in    Charge    
