August 14, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12473
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­2217

Mr. Justin Marx
marX The Spot Films Inc.
1411 Jackson Street
Hollywood, FL 33020

Dear Mr. Marx:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated May 21, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of marX The Spot Films Inc. (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption. The
petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct aerial
photography, motion picture filming, and videography.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is the DJI S1000, DJI Inspire, Freefly ALTA, and the
Cinestar 8HL.

In accordance with the statutory criteria provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in
reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited
operating area associated with the aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation
                                                                                                                 2

has determined that this aircraft meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA
finds that relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts,
Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing
requirements of part 36, is not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1 and closed set motion picture and
filming. The FAA has issued grants of exemption in circumstances similar in all material
respects to those presented in your petition. In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus
Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352), 11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and
11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the
enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned aircraft (UA) with the specifications described
by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or crew, rather than a manned aircraft of
significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA
good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, marX The Spot Films Inc. is granted an exemption
from 14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a),
91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a)
and (b), to the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data
collection and closed set motion picture and filming. This exemption is subject to the
conditions and limitations listed below.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                                3

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, marX The Spot Films Inc. is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI S1000, DJI
    Inspire, Freefly ALTA, and the Cinestar 8HL when weighing less than 55 pounds
    including payload. Proposed operations of any other aircraft will require a new
    petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming
    are permitted.

3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
    exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
    compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
    airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
    aircraft manufacturer.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.

    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
    electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
    must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
    required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
                                                                                                            4

    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.
                                                                                                            5

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.
                                                                                                            6

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

    The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
    nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
    reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
    contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.
                                                                                                                 7

 If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
 television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                      8

This exemption terminates on August 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,
/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
May21,2015

U. S. Departmentof Transportation
DocketManagementSystem
1200New JerseyAve.,SE
WashingtonD, C 20590

          Re: SummaryProcessingE: xemptionRequestfor marX The SpotFilms Inc., Under
          Section333 of the FAA ReformAct andPart 11of the FederalAviation Regulations
          Fr om;14C.F.R$. $61.113(aa)n d(b );9 1 . 1 1 9 (c )9;1 . 1 2 1 ; 9 1 . 1 5 1 (a9)1; . 4 0 5 (a );
          9 1. a 0 7@ ) ( 1 ) ;e 1. 4 0 9( a ) ( 2 ) ;9 1. a r 7@ ) a n d ( b ) .

DearSir or Madam:

          Pursuantto Section333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (the Reform
Act) and l4 C.F.R.Part 11,marX The SpotFilmsInc.,Inc. ("marX The SpotFilmsInc.")
operatorof UnmannedAircraft Systems("UASs") equippedto conductcommercialflights for
aerialphotographym, otion picturefilming, & videography(hereinafter"the Purpose"),hereby
appliesfor an exemptionfrom the listedFederalAviation Regulations("FARs") to allow
commercialoperationof its UASs, so long as suchoperationsareconductedsubjectto, andin
accordancewith the conditionsoutlinedherein,or asmay be establishedby the FAA in an
exemptiongrantedundereitherSection333or 49 U.S.C.$ 44701(0.marX The SpotFilmsInc.
will acceptthe conditionssetforth in ExemptionsNos. 11062andits progenyNos. 11063
th r o u g h1 1067,110801,11501, 11581, 1 1 6 0l,li6 l, a n d 1 1 1 7 2 (" t h eS imila rE x e mp t io n s ) . m a r X
The SpotFilms Inc., respectfullyrequestssummaryapprovalof this exemptionrequest.

marx The SpotFilms Inc. seeksto operatethe following UAVs it currentlypossesunderthe
exemption.

- DJI 51000Octocopte-r SN - W13DCC05020145
- DJI Inspire QuadcopterI SN - 02V0024420
- FreeflysystemsALTA-8 Motor,QuadArm - SN - MTSFFFSA20l5
- FreeflysystemsCinestar8HL - SN-MTSFCS82014

Date:51211201  Page1 of 12  RevisionO: riginal
         As with theapprovaol f theSimilarExemptionsa,pprovaol f thisexemptionwould
therebyenhancepublic safetyandfulfill the Secretaryof Transportation's(theFAA
Administrator's)responsibilitiesto "...establishrequirementsfor the safeoperationof such
aircraftsystemsin the nationalairspacesystem."Section333(c)of the ReformAct. Id. $ 333(c)
The nameandaddressof the applicantis:

marX The SpotFilmsInc.
JustinMarx
1 4 1 1J a c k s o nS t r e e t
HollywoodFL 33020
P h . :3 0 5 - 6 0 7 - 0 2 3 5

          Regulationsfrom which the exemption is requested:
          14C.F.R$. 61.113(aa)nd(b) 1 4C. F . R$. 9 1 . 1 1 9 1C4 . F . R$. 9 1 . 1 2 1
          14C.F.R$. e1.151(a)
          14C.F.R.$ 91.40s(a)
          14C.F.R.$ 407(aXl)
          l4 C.F.R.$ a0e(a)(2)
          l4 C.F.R.$ a17(a)and(b)

This exemptionapplicationis expresslysubmittedto fulfill Congressg' oal in passingSection
333(a)through(c) of the ReformAct. This law directsthe Secretaryof Transportationto
considerwhether certainunmannedaircraft systemsmay operatesafely in the national airspace
system(NAS) beforecompletionof the rulemakingrequiredunderSection332 of the Reform
Act. In makingthis determinationt,he Secretaryis requiredto determinewhich typesof UASs
do not createahazardto usersof the NAS or the public or posea threatto nationalsecurityin
light of the following:

          . The UAS's size,weight, speed,andoperationalcapability;
          . Operationof the UAS in closeproximity to airportsandpopulatedareas;and
          . Operationof the UAS within visual line of sightof the operator.

ReformAct $ 333(a).Lastly,if the Secretarydeterminesthat suchvehicles"may operatesafely
in the nationalairspacesystem,the Secretaryshall establishrequiremenrsfor the safeoperation
of suchaircraftin the nationalairspacesystem."Id. $ 333(c)

Date:5/2112015  Page2 ot 12  RevisionO: riginal
         The FederalAviationAct, in additionto the authoritygrantedby Section333 of Reform
Act. expresslygrantsthe FAA the authorityto issueexemptionsT. his statutoryauthorityby its
termsincludesexemptingcivil aircraft,asthe term is definedunder$ 40101 of theAct, that
includesUASs, from the requirementhat all civil aircraftmusthavea currentairworthiness
certificate.

          The Administratormay grantan exemptionfrom a requirementof a regulationprescribed
undersubsection(a) or (b) of this sectionor any sections44702-44716of the TransportationAct
if theAdministratorfinds the exemptionin the public interest.49 U.S.C. $ 44701(0. Seealso49
U .S.C.S84471r(a)4, 4704;14C.F.R .$ 9 l. 2 0 3 (a X 1 ).

          marX The SpotFilms Inc. is a film productioncompanythat incorporatesthe useof
aerialcinematographyandvideographyinto the televisionandfilm industry,andthe corporate
sector.
marX The SpotFilms Inc. UASs arerotorcraft,weighting55 poundsor lessincludingpayload.
They operate,undernormalconditionsat a speednot exceeding50 knotsandhavethe capability
to hover,andmove in the verticalandhorizontalplanes.
They will operateat altitudesnot exceeding400 feet,asfurtherspecified,andonly in line of
sight.They will operateonly within the sterileareasasdescribedin the marX The SpotFilms
lnc. Flight OperationsManual.

ln supportof this application,marX The SpotFilms Inc. is submitting,the following manuals
(hereinafter"the manuals")

          . Futaba14SG14ChannelTransmitterOperatingmanual(documentattached)
          . GraupnerMZ-24 12 ChannelTransmitterOperatingmanual(documentattached)
          . marX The SpotFilms Inc. Motion PictureandTelevisionOperationsmanual

            (documentattached)
          . DJI INSPIRE 1 UAS Aircraft OperatingManual,Exhibit 4 (documentattached)
          ' DJI Si000 UAS OperatingManual,Exhibit 5 (documentattached)
          ' DJI .A2Flight Control system(documentattached)

Operationsin compliancewith thesemanualswill insurethatthe UAS will "not createahazard
to usersof the nationalairspacesystem,the public, the PIC, andthe film productioncrew" and
thatthe aircraftwill operatein compliancewith the conditionssetforth in this application.

Date:512112015  Page3 ol 12  RevisionO: riginal
Giventhesmallsizeof theUASsinvolvedandtherestrictedenvironmenwt ithinwhichtheywill
operate,the applicantfalls squarelywithin that zoneof safety(an equivalentlevel of safety)in
which Congressenvisionedthatthe FAA must,by exemption,allow commercialoperationsof
UASs to commenceimmediately.Also dueto the sizeof the UASs,the restrictedareasin which
the relevantUASs will operateandthe fact that aircraftwill be flown by pilots holding at leasta
FAA privatepilot license,approvalof the applicationpresentsno nationalsecurityissue.Given
the cleardirectionin Section333 of the ReformAct, the authoritycontainedin the Federal
AviationAct, asamendedt;he strongequivalentlevel of safetysurroundingthe proposed
operationsa, ndthe significantpublic benefit,includingenhancedsafety,reductionin
environmentailmpacts,includingreducedemissionsassociatedwith allowing batterypowered
UASs for thesefunctions insteadof turbine or gaspower aircraftlrotorcraftand operationswith
pilots havingat leasta privatepilot license,the grantof the requestedexemptionsis in thepublic
interest.Accordingly,the applicantrespectfullyrequeststhat the FAA grantthe requested

exemptionwithout delay.

AIRCRAFT AND EQUIVALENT LEVEL OF SAFETY
The applicantproposesthatthe exemptionrequestedhereinapplyto civil aircraftthat havethe
characteristicsandthat operatewith the limitationslistedherein.Theselimitationsprovidefor an
equivalentor higher level of safetyto operationsunder the current regulatory structure because
theproposedoperationsrepresenta safetyenhancementto the currently "deemedsafe" movie
and televisionfilmingoperationsthat are conductedv,ith conventionalaircraft.

marX The SpotFilms Inc. notesthat it hasrequestedthat a Certificateof Authorrzatron(COA)
not be requiredfor flight at or below 400 feetAGL, in ClassG airspaceandoutsideof 5 nautical
miles from the geographiccenterof an airportwherea letterof agreemenht asnot beenentered
into with the airport management.

The limitationsandconditionsto which marX The SpotFilms Inc. agreesto be boundwhen
conductingcommercialoperationsunderan FAA issuedexemptionareasfollows:

1. The UAS must weigh lessthan 55 pounds,includingenergysource(s)andequipment.
    Operationswill be limited to the aircraftdescribedin the proprietarymanuals:

2. The UA may not be flown at a groundspeedin excessof 50 knots.

3. Flightsmust be operatedat an altitudeof no morethan 400 feetabovegroundlevel (AGL) as
indicatedby the proceduresspecifiedin the "operatorsm' anuals".All altitudesreportedto AfC
mustbe in feetAGL.

4. The UA must be operatedwithin visual line of sight(VLOS) of the PIC at all times.This
requiresthe PIC to be ableto usehumanvision unaidedby any deviceotherthancorrective
lenses,as specifiedon the PIC's FAA-issuedmedicalcertificate.

D a t e :5 1 2 1 1 2 0 1 5  Page4ol 12  RevisionO: riginal
5.All operationms ustutilizea visualobserve(rVO).TheVO maybeusedto satisfytheVLOS
requirementa,slor,gasthePIC alwaysmaintainsVLOS capabilityT. heVO andpIC mustbe
ableto communicateverbally at all times.

6. Prior to eachflight the PIC will inspectthe UAS to ensurethat it is airworthy,andin condition
for a safeflight' If the inspectionrevealsa conditionthat aflectsthe safeop.ruiion of the UAS,
the aircraftwill not be operateduntil the necessarymaintenanceor repairhasbeenperformed
andthe UAS is foundto be airworthyand in conditionfor safeflight. The GroundControl
Station'if utilized,will be includedin the preflight inspectionA. ll maintenancem, odifications.
andrepairswill be properlydocumentedin the aircraftrecords.

7. Any UAS that hasundergonemaintenanceor modificationsthataffectthe operationor flight
characteristicsof the UAS, e.g.replacemenot f a flight critical component,must undergoa
functionaltestflight in accordancewith the "manual".The PIC who conductsthe functionaltest
flight mustdocumentit with an entry in the UAS aircraftrecordsof the flight. The requirements
andproceduresfor a functionaltestflight anda protocolfbr aircraftrecordentrymust be added
to the"manuals".

8' The operatorwill follow the manufacturer'sUAS aircraftandcomponentmaintenance,
overhaulr,eplacementin, spectiona, ndlife limit requirements.

9' The PIC will possessat minimum. a privatepilot certificateanda StateIssuedDrivers
License.The PIC will alsomeetthe flight reviewrequirementspecifiedin l4 C.F.R.g 61.56in
an aircraftin which the PIC is ratedon his or her pilot certificate.

10.Prior to operationsconductedfor the Purposet,he PIC will haveaccumulatedandlogged,in
a mannerconsistenwt ith l4 C.F.R.$ 61.51(b),25 hoursof totaltime asa UAS rotorcraftpilot
andat leasttenhoursloggedasa UAS pilot with a similarUAS type(singlebladeor multi-
rotor). Prior documentedflight experiencethat wasobtainedin compliancewith applicable
regulationswill be usedto satisfl'this requirementT. raining.proficiency,andexperience

buildingflightsmay alsobe conductedunderthisexemptionto accomplishtherequiredflight
cyclesandflight time. During training,proficiency,andexperiencebuilding flights, all persons
not essentiaflor flight operationswill be considerednon-participantsa, ndthe pIC will operate
the sUAS with appropriatedistancefrom non-participantsin accordancewith l4 C.F.R.S 9l ,I I 9.

1l. Prior to operationsconductedfbr the purposeof motion picturefilming (or similar

op  erations)t.he PIC mustha  veaccumulatedandlogged,in a mannerconsistenwt i  th l4  C.  F.R  .S
61  .51(b)a' ninimum of five  hoursasUAS pilot. operatingthemakeandmodelof     UAS    to  be

utilized for operationsunderthe exemption,in additionto threetake-oftsand landineswithin the
preceding90 days.

D a t e :5 1 2 1 / 2 0 1 5    Page5 oI 12  RevisionO: riginal
Underthisexemptiont,hePICmustoperatetheUA anappropriatdeistanceawayfrom
nonparticipantisn accordancwe ith 14C.F.R.$ 91.119.d, uringtraining,proficiencye, xperience
building,andtakeoffand landingflights in orderto accomplishthe requiredflight time andto
remaincurrentwithin the prescribed90 day period."Nonparticipants"aredefinedasall persons
who arenot essentiaflor flight operations.

The UA will not be operateddirectly over any person,or below an altitudethat is hazardousto
personsor propefiy on the surfacein the eventof a UAS failure or emergency.
exceptfbr authorizedandconsentingpersonnetlhat arenecessaryfor the "purpose",

12.Flight operationsmustbe conductedat least500 fbetfrom all nonparticipatingpersons,
vesselsv, ehiclesa, ndstructuresunless:

a) Barriersor structuresarepresentthat sufficientlyprotectnonparticipatingpersonsfrom the
UA and/ or debrisin the eventof an accident.The operatormust ensurethat nonparticipating
personsremainundersuchprotection.If a situationariseswherenonparticipatingpersonsleave
suchprotectionandarewithin 500 feetof the UA, flight operationsmustceaseimmediately
and/ or;

b) The aircraftis operatednearvessels,vehiclesor structureswherethe owner/controllerof such
vesselsv, ehiclesor structureshasgrantedpermissionandthe PIC hasmadea safetyassessment
of the risk of operatingcloserto thoseobjectsanddeterminedthatit doesnot presentan undue
hazard, and;

c) Operationsnearerto the PIC. VO, operatortraineesor essentiapl ersonsdo not presentan
unduehazardto thosepersonsper ti 91.119(a).

All operationsshallbe conductedover privateor controlled-accespsropertywith permission
from the properlyowner,controller,or authorizedrepresentative.

Permissionfrom propertyowner/ controlleror authorizedrepresentativewill be obtainedfor
eachflight to be conducted.

See,Exemptions11170,11172andI 117for proposedlanguage.

13.Prior to any flight "operator"will only be requiredto obtainanAir Traffic Organization
(ATO) issuedCertificateof Waiveror Authorization(COA) for flights that areconductedat
heightsgreaterthan400AGL; in otherthanClassG airspacea; ndcloserthan 5 miles fiom the
geographiccenterof a non-toweredairport,without a letterof agreemenwt ith the airport
managerI.f requestedO, peratorwill providetelephonicadvancednoticeto anATO or file a
NOTAM for any flight not requiringa COA.

14.If theUAS losescommunicationosr losesits GlobalPositioningSystem(GPS)signal,the
UA will be programmedto returnto a pre-determinedlocationwithin the securityperimeterand
land or be recoveredin accordancewith the "manual".

l5' The UAS will abortthe flight in the eventof unpredictedobstaclesor emergenciesin

accordancwe ith the'omanual".

Date:512112015  Page6 of 12  RevisionO: riginal
16.EachUAS operationwill be completedwithin 30 minutesflight time or with25V" battery
power remaining,whicheveroccursfirst.

17.All aircraftoperatedin accordancewith this exemptionwill be identifiedby serialnumber,
registeredin accordancewith l4 C.F.R.part47, andhaveidentification(N- Number)markings
in accordancewith 14 C.F.R.part 45,subpartC. Markingswill be aslargeaspracticable.

18.The operatorwill instituteproceduresto documentandmaintaina recordof the UAS
maintenancep, reventativemaintenancem, odifications,overhaulor replacemenot f component
partsandthe total time in serviceof the UAS.

19.EachUAS operatedunderthis exemptionwill comply with all manufacturerSafetyBulletins.

20. The operatorwill developUAS technicianqualificationcriteria.Thesecriteriawill be added
to theManual.

21. Beforeconductingoperationst,he radio frequencyspectrumusedfor operationandcontrolof
the UA will comply with the FederalCommunicationsCommission(FCC) or otherappropriate
governmentoversightagencyrequirements.

22.The documentsrequiredunder14C.F.R.$$ 91.9and91.203will be availableto thePIC at
the groundcontrol stationof the UAS any time the aircraftis operating.Thesedocumentswill be
madeavailableto theAdministratoror any law enforcemenot fficial uponrequest.

23. The UA will remainclearof andyield the right of way to all othermannedoperationsand
activitiesat all times(including,but not limited to, ultra light vehicles,parachuteactivities,
parasailingactivities,hanggliders,etc.).

24. UAS operationswill not be conductedduringnight,asdefinedin 14 C.F.R.$ 1.1.All
operationswill be conductedundervisualmeteorologicacl onditions(VMC). Flightsunder
specialvisual flight rules(SVFR) will not be undertaken.

25. The UAS will not be operatedby the PIC from any moving deviceor vehicle.

26.The UA will not be operatedlessthan 500 feetbelow or lessthan2,000feethorizontally
fiom a cloud or whenvisibility is lessthan 3 statutemiles from the PIC

Date:512112015  Page7 ol 12  RevisionO: riginal
27.TheUA will notoperatein ClassB, C, or D airspacwe ithoutwrittenapprovaflromtheFAA.
The UA will not operatewithin 5 nauticalmiles of the geographiccenterof a non- towered
airportasdenotedon a curent FAA-publishedaeronauticacl hartunlessa letterof agreement
with that airporl'smanagemenits obtained,andthe operationis conductedin accordancewith a
NOTAM asrequiredby the operator'sCOA. The letterof agreemenwt ith the airport
managemenwt ill be madeavailableto theAdministratoruponrequest.

28.Any incident,accident,that occurswith in the boundariesof the operationaal reaasdefined
by the applicableCOA will be reportedto the FederalAviationAdministration's(FAA) UAS
IntegrationOffice (AFS-80)within 24 hours.Accidentswill be reportedto theNational
TransportationSafetyBoard 0.{TSB)per instructionscontainedon theNTSB Web site:
www.ntsb.gov.Furtherflight operationswill ceaseuntil suchtime asthe incident,accident,or
transgressionis reviewedby UAS IntegrationOffice (AFS-80)andauthorizationtoresume
operationsis provided.

Unlessotherwisespecifiedin this grantof exemption,the UAS, the UAS PIC, andthe UAS
operationsmust comply with all applicablepartsof l4 C.F.R.including,but not limited to, parts
45 .4 7 .61 .and91.

l4 C.F.R.g 61.1f3(a)and (b): Private Pilot Privilegesand Limitations: Pilot in Command.

          Sections61.i I 3(a)and(b) limit privatepilots to non-commerciaol perationsB. ecausethe
UAS will not carry a pilot or passengersth, e proposedoperationscanachievethe equivalent
level of safetyof currentoperationsby requiringthe PIC operatingthe aircraftto havea private
pilot's licenseratherthan a commercialpilot's licenseto operatethis small UAS. Unlike a
conventionalaircraftthat carriesthe pilot andpassengersth, e UAS is remotelycontrolledwith
no living thing on board.The areaof operationis controlledandrestricted,andall flights are
plannedandcoordinatedin advanceas setforth in the Manual.The level of safety
providedby the requirementsincludedin the Manual exceedsthat providedby a single
individualholding a commercialpilot's certificateoperatinga conventionalaircraft.The risks
associatedwith the operationof the UAS areso diminishedfrom the level of risk associatedwith
commercialoperationscontemplatedby Part6l when drafted,that allowing operationsof the
UAS asrequestedwith a privatepilot asthe PIC exceedsthe presentlevel of safetyachievedby
14 C.F.R.$ 61.113(a)and(b). The FAA hasgrantedexemptionsfor privatepilots to conduct
similaroperationisn Exemptions11062.11063,11064,110651,1066,11067and11080.

Date:512112015  PageI of 12  RevisionO: riginal
14 C.F.R.$ 91.119:Minimum SafeAltitudes.

         Section91.119establishessafealtitudesfor operationof civil aircraft.Section91.119(d)
allows helicoptersto be operatedat lessthanthe minimumsprescribedp, rovidedthe person
operatingthe helicoptercomplieswith any routeor altitudesprescribedfor helicoptersby the
FAA. As this exemptionis for a UAS that is a helicopterandthe exemptionrequestsauthorityto
operateat altitudesup to 400AGL an exemptionmay be neededto allow suchoperationsA. s set
forth herein,exceptfor the limited conditionsstatedin the Manualandin condition#3, page3,
the UAS will neveroperateat higherthan400AGL.

The equivalentlevel of safetywill be achievedgiventhe size,weight, speedof the UAS aswell
asthe locationwhereit is operatedN. o flight will be takenwithout the permissionof the
propertyowner,facility ownerandlocal officials.Becauseof the advancenoticeto the property
ownerandparticipantsa, ll affectedindividualswill be awareof the plannedflight operationsas
setforth in the Manual.Comparedto flight operationswith aircraftor rotorcraftweighingfar
more thanthe maximum 55 lbs.proposedhereinandthe lack of flammablefuel, any risk
associatedwith theseoperationsis far lessthanthosepresentlypresentedwith conventional
aircraftoperatingat or below 500AGL in the aerialphotographyindustry.In addition,the low-
altitudeoperationsof the UAS will ensureseparationbetweenthesesmall-UAs operationsand
the operationsof conventionalaircraftthatmust comply with Section91.119.The FAA has
grantedexemptionsto conductsimilaroperationsin Exemptions11062,11063,11064,I 1065,
1 1 0 6 61, 1 067and11080.

l4 C.F.R.$ 91.121A: ltimeter Settings.

          This regulationrequireseachpersonoperatingan aircraftto maintaincruisingaltitudeby
referenceto an altimeterthat is set"...to the elevationof the departureairportor an appropriate
altimetersettingavailablebeforedeparture."As the UAS in at leastoneoperatingmodewill not
havea barometricaltimeter,but insteada GPSaltitudereadout. an exemptionwill be neededA. n
equivalentlevel of safetywill be achievedby the operator,pursuant o the Manualand Safety
Checklist, confirmingthe altitudeof the launchsiteshownon the GPSaltitudeindicatorbefore
flight. The FAA hasgrantedexemptionsto conductsimilar operationsin Exemptions11062,
11 0 6 31. 10641. 10651. 10661. 1061an d1 1 0 8 0 .

Date:512112015  Page9 of 12  RevisionO: riginal
14C.F.R$. 91.151(aF):uelRequiremenftosr Flightin VFRConditions.

         Section91.151(a)prohibitsan individual from beginning"a flight in an airplaneunder
VFR conditionsunless(consideringwind andforecastweatherconditions)thereis enoughfuel
to fly to the first point of intendedlanding,and,assumingnormalcruisingspeed- (1) During the
day,to fly afterthat for at least30 minutes;or (2) At night, to fly afterthat for at least45
minutes."

The batterypoweringthe UAS providesapproximately40 minutesof poweredflight. To meet
the 30 minutereserverequiremenitn 14C.F.R.$ 91.151,UAS flightswould be limitedto
approximately10minutesin length.Given the limitationson the UAS's proposedflight areaand
the locationof its proposedoperationswithin a predeterminedarea,a longertime framefor flight
in daylightor night VFR conditionsis reasonable.

         Applicantbelievesthatan exemptionfrom 14C.F.R.$ 91.151(a)fallswithin the scopeof
prior exemptions.SeeExemption10673(allowing LockheedMartin Corporationto operate
withoutcompliancewith FAR 91.151(a))O. peratingthe smallUAS, in a tightly controlledarea
whereonly peopleandpropertyownersor official representativews ho havesignedwaiverswill
be allowed,with lessthan 30 minutesof reservefuel, doesnot engenderthe type of risksthat
Section91.151(a)wasintendedto alleviategiventhesizeandspeedof the smallUAS.

         Applicantbelievesthat an equivalentlevel of safetycanbe achievedby limiting flights to
30 minutesor 25o/oof batterypower whicheverhappensfirst. This restrictionwould be more
than adequateto return the UAS to its plannedlanding zone from anywherein its limited
operatingarea.

          Similar exemptionshavebeengrantedto otheroperationsi,ncludingExemptions2689F,
57 4 5 ,10 673,1080a8ndE xemption1s 1 0 6 2 , 1 1 0 6 31,1 0 6 4 , 1 1 0 6 51,7 0 6 6 , 1 1 0 6a7n d1 1 0 8 0 .

Date:512112015  Page10 of 12  RevisionO: riginal
14C.F.R$. $91.405(a4)0; 7(a)(1a);09(a)(2\;417(aan)d(b):MaintenancInespections.

         Theseregulationsrequirethat an aircraftoperatoror owner"shall havethat aircraft
inspectedasprescribedin subpartE of this part and shallbetweenrequiredinspectionse, xceptas
providedin paragraph(c) ofthis section,havediscrepanciersepairedasprescribedin part 43 of
this chapter...,"andothersshallinspector maintainthe aircraftin compliancewith Part43.
Given thatthesesectionandPart43 apply only to aircraftwith an airworthinesscertificate,these
sectionswill not applyto the applicant.An equivalentlevel of safetywill be achievedbecause
thesesmall UASs arevery limited in sizeandwill carrya smallpayloadandoperateonly in
areasfor limited periodsof time. If mechanicalissuesarisethe UAS can land immediatelyand
will be operatingfrom no higherthan400 feetAGL. The operatorwill ensurethatthe UAS is in
working orderprior to initiating flight, performrequiredmaintenancea, ndkeepa log of any
maintenanceperformed.Moreover,the operatoris the personmost familiar with the aircraftand
bestsuitedto maintainthe aircraftin an airworthyconditionto providethe equivalentlevel of
safety.The FAA hasgrantedexemptionsfor similar operationsin Exemptions11062,11063,
1 1 0 6 41. 1 0651. 10661. 1067and110 8 0 .

         Pursuanto 14 C.F.R.part 11,the following summaryis providedfor publicationin the
FederalRegister,shouldit be determinedthatpublicationis needed:
Applicant seeksan exemptionfrom the following rules:

          1 4C.F.R$. $61.113(aa)nd(b); 9 1 . 7 (a ); 9 r. r1 9 ; 9 r. 1 2 19;1 . 1 5 1 (a ); 9 1 . 4 0 5 (a ); 9r . 4 0 7 ( a )
(1);91.a09@)(2);91.409(a)(a2n) d91.al7@)and(b) to operatecommerciallya smallunmanned
vehicle(55 lbs. or less)in motion pictureandtelevisionoperations.

          Approval of exemptionsallowing commercialoperationsof UASs for filming and
videographyfor motion pictureandtelevisionwork will enhancesafetyby greatlyreducingthe
currentrisk associatedwith conventionaloperationsusingjet or pistonpoweredaircraft.These
aircraftoperateat extremelylow altitudes,sometimesonly a few feet from the subjectbeing
frlmed andin extremeproximity to peopleand structuresT. hey alsopresent he risks associated
with vehiclesthat weigh approximately4,000lbs.,andcarry largeamountshighly combustible
fuel. In addition,suchaircraftmust fly to andfrom the projectlocationtherebyincreasingthe
geographicareaof risk. In contrast,a UAS weighingfewerthan 55 lbs. andpoweredby batteries
eliminatesvirtually all of the risk associatedwith conventionalaircraft.Sincethe UAS is
transportedratherthanflown to the locationat which it will be used,it doesnot requireany crew
or containpassengersa,ndthereforedoesnot exposeindividualsto the risks associatedwith
m a n n e da i r c r a f t f l i g h t s .

Date:512112015  Page11of 12  RevisionO: riginal
Satisfactioonf thecriteriaprovidedin Section333of theReformActof 2012pertainingto size,
weight, speed,operatingcapabilities,proximity to airportsandpopulatedareasand operation

within visual line of sight andnational securityprovide more than adequatejustification for the
requestedexemptionsto be granted,thusallowing commercialoperationof applicant'sUAS for
the Purposesoutlined herein and are consistentwith exemptionsalreadygranted,including the
Similar Exemptions( I 1062 through 11067,I 1080, 11I 50,1I I 58 I I I 60,I I 16I and lll72 \.

 in Marx, President                 t/r, /zo/ {
rX The SpotFilms
                                  ffi

Date:512112015       Page12ot 12  RevisionO: riginal
