June 25, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 11914
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­1373

Mr. Timothy Cawood, PLS
Senior Vice President
McKim & Creed, Inc.
1730 Varsity Drive, Suite 500
Raleigh, NC 27606

Dear Mr. Cawood:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated April 24, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of McKim & Creed, Inc. (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption. The
petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct
aerial acquisitions.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner are the 3D Robotics Aero-M, Steadi Drone Mavrik, and
DJI S900.

In accordance with the statutory criteria provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in
reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited
                                                                                                                 2

operating area associated with the aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation
has determined that this aircraft meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA
finds that relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts,
Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing
requirements of part 36, is not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

· They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

· The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

· A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, McKim & Creed, Inc. is granted an exemption from
14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c),
91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to
the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                             3

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, McKim & Creed, Inc. is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the 3D Robotics Aero-
    M, Steadi Drone Mavrik, and DJI S900 when weighing less than 55 pounds including
    payload. Proposed operations of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a
    petition to amend this exemption.

2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
    not permitted.

3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
    exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
    compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
    airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
    aircraft manufacturer.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
    electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
    must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
    required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
                                                                                                            4

    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.
                                                                                                            5

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.
                                                                                                            6

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

    The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
    nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
    reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
    contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.
                                                                                                                 7

 If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
 television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                    8

This exemption terminates on July 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.
Sincerely,
/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
April 24, 2015

U.S. Department of Transportation
Docket Management System
1200 New Jersey Ave., SE
Washington, DC 20590

RE: Exemption Request Under Section 333 of the FAA Reform Act and
         Part 11 of the Federal Aviation Regulations

Dear Sir or Madam:

REQUEST

McKim & Creed, Inc. (McKim & Creed) seeks exemption to operate an
Unmanned Aircraft System pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization
and Reform Act of 2012 (FMRA). from the requirements of 14 C.F.R.
61.113(a) & (b),
91.7(a),
91.121,
91.151(a)(1),
91.405(a),
91.407(a)(1),
91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and
91.417(a)& (b),

This exemption will permit McKim & Creed to commercially operate three (3)
Unmanned Aircraft Systems (UAS) for the purpose of conducting aerial
acquisitions within the National Airspace System (NAS) for compensation or
hire.

INTRODUCTION

McKim & Creed's three-plus decades in business have been marked by one
constant, and that is change. As a consultancy offering a full range of
engineering, surveying, landscape architectural and planning services, we have
continuously reinvented ourselves to meet the ever-changing needs of our
U.S. Department of Transportation
April 24, 2015
Page 2

customers and our marketplace. We have repositioned the business from a two-
person structural design firm to a 360 person infrastructure design company
with offices from North Carolina to Florida.

McKim & Creed offers a full range of engineering, surveying, and planning
services. Core competencies of the firm include water and wastewater planning
and design, site/civil engineering, landscape architecture, structural engineering,
GIS, and surveying specialties ranging from electronic data collection to
hydrographic surveying, aerial photogrammetry, laser scanning and subsurface
utility engineering. Engineering News-Record has named McKim & Creed one of
the top 500 design firms and top 200 environmental firms in the U.S. Public
Works magazine ranked McKim & Creed as one of the top AEC firms in the U.S.,
and Southeast Construction names the firm as the top surveying and mapping
firm in the region.

McKim & Creed operates offices in Wilmington, Raleigh, Charlotte, and
Asheville, NC; Clearwater, Daytona Beach, DeLand, Fort Myers, Palm Coast,
North Tampa, and Sarasota, FL.; Austin, Fort Worth, Houston, and San Antonio,
TX; Norfolk, VA, and Atlanta and Lawrenceville, GA.

McKim & Creed will use the 3drobotics Aero-M (Aero-M) fixed wing , the Steadi
Drone Mavrik (Mavrik), and the DJI S900 (S900) rotoray wing systems to
commercially provide professional geospatial services to clients associated with
land use planning, mining, utilities to conduct inventories, mapping and
inspection services, environmental planning and other geomatics applications.
Use of the Aero-M, Mavrik, and S900 will provide McKim & Creed a suite of safe
and efficient platforms to perform its business operations.

AIRCRAFT

McKim & Creed seeks an exemption to operate the Aero-M, Mavrik, and S900 for
compensation or hire within the NAS. The Aero-M is a fixed wing UAS, and the
Mavrik and S900 are rotory wing UAS, all are electrically powered propeller
driven systems. Unmanned Aircraft (UA) with transportable Ground Control
Stations (GCS).

The Aero-M has a maximum gross weight of approximately 6.8 pounds, the
Mavrik has a maximum gross weight of approximately 4.8 pounds, and the S900
has a maximum gross weight of approximately 7.2 pounds. All three systems are
equipped with propeller systems driven by a Lithium Polymer battery powered
electric motor.
U.S. Department of Transportation
April 24, 2015
Page 3

The Aero-M, Mavrik, and S900 will be registered in accordance with 49 U.S.C.
44103, Registration of Aircraft, as well as 14 C.F.R. Part 47, Aircraft Registration,
and marked in accordance with 14 C.F.R. Part 45, Identification and Registration
Marking.

BASIS FOR PETITION

McKim & Creed, pursuant to the provisions of the Federal Aviation Regulations
(14 C.F.R. § 11.61) and the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012, Section
333, Special Rules for Certain Unmanned Aircraft Systems, petitions the
Administrator to commercially operate the Aero-M, Mavrik, and S900 UAS
within the National Airspace System (NAS), and for an exemption from the
requirements of 14 C.F.R.
61.113(a) & (b),
91.7(a),
91.121,
91.151(a)(1),
91.405(a),
91.407(a)(1),
91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and
91.417(a) & (b).

In accordance with 14 C.F.R. § 11.81, McKim & Creed provides the following
information in support of its petition for exemption:

 Name and Address of the Petitioner.

           The name and address of the

                     Petitioner McKim & Creed, Inc.
                     1730 Varsity Drive, Suite 500
                     Raleigh, NC 27606
                     Mr, Timothy Cawood, PLS
                     Senior Vice President
                     (910)-343-1048 ext 247
                     tcawood@mckimcreed.com
U.S. Department of Transportation
April 24, 2015
Page 4

The following documents contain proprietary information and are to be held in a
separate file pursuant to 14 C.F.R. § 11.35(b).

    1. Aero-M: Aero-M- Operations Manual V1
    2. Drone Saftey -3D Robotics
    3. Mavrik: Mavrik Manual Mavrik Quick Start Guide
    4. Mavrik LI-PO Saftey and Disposal
    5. Mavrik Peridoc Maintenance Check
    6. S900: S900 Relase Note,
    7. S900 User Manual V1.2
    8. McKim & Creed Field Preflight and Saftey Checklist
    9. McKim & Creed Flight Log
    10. McKim & Creed UAS Flight Saftey Procedure

Description of Proposed Operations and Saftey Procedures

    1. In order to maintain the highest possible degree of safety and consistency
         the key safety and operational restrictions are incorporated to our daily
         Flight and safety checklist, thus ensuring full compliance by the PIC and
         VO.

    2. McKim & Creed proposes to commercially operate the UAS for the
         special purpose of conducting aerial acquisitions within the NAS,
         pursuant to the following specific operating limitations.

    3. Proposed Operations will be limited to the following aircraft described in
         the operating documents, which are fixed and rotory wing, propeller
         driven aircraft with the following characteristics:

              a. The Aero-M has a maximum gross weight of approximately 6.8
                   pounds;

              b. The Mavrik has a maximum gross weight of approximately 4.8
                   pounds and

              c. The S900 has a maximum gross weight of approximately 7.2
                   pounds.

              d. All three systems are equipped with propeller systems driven by a
                   Lithium Polymer battery powered electric motor.

    4. UAS operations under this proposed exemption will be limited to
         conducting operations for the purpose of aerial acquisitions.
U.S. Department of Transportation
April 24, 2015
Page 5

    5. The UA will not be flown at an indicated airspeed exceeding 80 knots or
         not exceeding the manufaturers reccomendations.

    6. The UA will be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above
         ground level (AGL), as indicated by the procedures specified in the
         operating documents. All altitudes reported to ATC will be in feet AGL.

    7. The UA will be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at
         all times. This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by
         any device other than corrective lenses.

    8. The use of first person view (FPV) by the pilot in command PIC or visual
         observer (VO) will not be permitted.

    9. All operations will utilize a visual observer (VO). The VO may be used to
         satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC will be able to communicate verbally at all
         times. Electronic messaging or texting will not be permitted during flight
         operations. The PIC will be designated before the flight and will not
         transfer his or her designation for the duration of the flight. The PIC will
         ensure that the VO can perform the functions prescribed in the operating
         documents.

    10. The VO will not perform any other duties beyond assisting the PIC with
         seeing and avoiding other air traffic and other ground based
         obstacles/obstructions and will not be permitted to operate the camera or
         other instruments.

    11. The operating documents and the grant of exemption will be accessible
         during UAS operations and made available to the Administrator upon
         request.

              a. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and limitations
                   contained in the grant of exemption and the procedures outlined
                   in the operating documents, the conditions and limitations
                   contained in the grant of exemption take precedence and must be
                   followed.

              b. The operator will follow the procedures as outlined in the
                   operating documents.

              c. The operator may update or revise the operating documents.
U.S. Department of Transportation
April 24, 2015
Page 6

              d. It is the operator's responsibility to track such revisions and
                   present updated and revised documents to the Administrator
                   upon request.

              e. The operator will present updated and revised documents if it
                   petitions for extension or amendment to the grant of exemption.

              f. If the operator determines that any update or revision would
                   affect the basis upon which the FAA granted the exemption, then
                   the operator will petition for amendment to the grant of
                   exemption.

              g. The FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) will be contacted if
                   questions arise regarding updates or revisions to the operating
                   documents.

    12. Prior to each flight the PIC will inspect the UAS to ensure it is in a
         condition for safe flight.

              a. If the inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation
                   of the UAS, the aircraft is prohibited from operating until the
                   necessary maintenance has been performed and the UAS is found
                   to be in a condition for safe flight.

              b. The Ground Control Station will be included in the preflight
                   inspection.

              c. All maintenance and alterations will be properly documented in
                   the aircraft records.

    13. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the
         UAS operation or flight characteristics, e.g. replacement of a flight critical
         component, will undergo a functional test flight. The PIC who conducts
         the functional test flight will make an entry in the aircraft records.

    14. The pre-flight inspection will account for all potential discrepancies, e.g.
         inoperable components, items, or equipment, not already covered in the
         relevant sections of the operating documents.

              a. The operator will follow the UAS manufacturer's
                   aircraft/component, maintenance, overhaul, replacement,
                   inspection, and life limit requirements.

              b. The operator must carry out its maintenance, inspections, and
                   record keeping requirements, in accordance with the operating
                   documents.

              c. Maintenance, inspection, alterations, and status of
                   replacement/overhaul component parts will be noted in the
U.S. Department of Transportation
April 24, 2015
Page 7

                   aircraft records, including total time in service, description of
                   work accomplished, and the signature of the authorized person
                   returning the UAS to service.
              d. Each UAS operated under this exemption will comply with all
                   manufacturer Safety Bulletins.
              e. The authorized person will make an entry in the aircraft record of
                   the corrective action taken against discrepancies discovered
                   between inspections.

    15. The PIC will hold either an airline transport,commercial, private,
         recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC will also hold a current
         FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
         state, the District of Colombia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or
         the Federal government. The PIC will also meet the flight review
         requirements specified in 14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is
         rated on his or her pilot certificate. This is per exemption as granted in
         Docket 11238 Dated March 26, 2015.

    16. The operator will not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC meets the
         operator's qualification criteria and demonstrates the ability to safely
         operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
         operated under the exemption, including evasive and emergency
         maneuvers and maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels,
         vehicles, and structures.

              a. The PIC qualification flight hours will be logged in a manner
                   consistent with 14 C.F.R. § 61.51(b).

              b. The VO will complete the operator's training requirements.
              c. The record of training will be documented and made available

                   upon request by the Administrator.
              d. Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs

                   (training, proficiency, and experience-building), will be permitted
                   under the terms of the exemption.
              e. Training operations will only be conducted during dedicated
                   training sessions.

                         i. During training, proficiency, and experience-building
                             flights, all persons not essential for flight operations are
                             considered nonparticipants, and the PIC will operate the
                             UA with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in
                             accordance with14 C.F.R. § 91.119.
U.S. Department of Transportation
April 24, 2015
Page 8

    17. UAS operations will not be conducted during night, as defined in 14
         C.F.R. § 1.1. All operations will be conducted under visual meteorological
         conditions (VMC). Flights under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not
         authorized.

    18. The UA will not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference
         point as denoted on a current FAA-published aeronautical chart unless a
         letter of agreement with that airport's management is obtained, and the
         operation is conducted in accordance with a NOTAM as required by the
         operator's COA. The letter of agreement with the airport management
         will be made available to the Administrator upon request.

    19. The UA will not be operated less than 400 feet below or less than 2,000
         feet horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute
         miles from the PIC.

    20. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, it will return to a
         pre-determined location within the planned operating area and land or be
         recovered in accordance with the operating documents.

    21. The PIC will abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or
         emergencies in accordance with the operating documents.

    22. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind
         and forecast weather conditions) there is enough power to fly at normal
         cruising speed to the intended landing point and land the UA with 20%
         battery power remaining.

    23. The operator will obtain an Air Traffic Organization (ATO) issued
         Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA) prior to conducting any
         operations under the grant of exemption. This COA will also require the
         operator to request a Notice to Airmen (NOTAM) not more than 72 hours
         in advance, but not less than 48 hours prior to the operation. All
         operations will be conducted in accordance with airspace requirements in
         the ATO issued COA including class of airspace, altitude level and
         potential transponder requirements.

              a. Note as of March 22 2015 the FAA granted a "blanket" COA for
                   flights at or below 200 feet to any UAS operator with a Section 333
                   exemption. McKim & Creed will operate aircraft that weighs less
                   than 55 lbs, will conduct operations under VFR rules and
U.S. Department of Transportation
April 24, 2015
Page 9

                   conditions within VLOS of the PIC and restrict flight from airports
                   and heliports as per applicable FAA rules.

    24. All aircraft operated in accordance with the exemption will be identified
         by serial number, registered in accordance with 14 C.F.R. part 47, and
         have identification (N- Number) markings in accordance with 14 C.F.R.
         part 45, Subpart C. Markings will be as large as practicable.

    25. Before conducting operations, the radio frequency spectrum used for
         operation and control of the UA will comply with the Federal
         Communications Commission (FCC) or other appropriate government
         oversight agency requirements.

    26. The UA will remain clear and yield the right of way to all manned
         aviation operations and activities at all times.

    27. The UAS will not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or
         vehicle.

    28. The UA will not be operated over congested or densely populated areas.

    29. Flight operations will be conducted at least 500 feet from all
         nonparticipating persons (persons other than the PIC, VO, operator
         trainees or essential persons), vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:

              a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect
                   nonparticipating persons from the UA and/or debris in the event
                   of an accident.

              b. The operator will ensure that nonparticipating persons remain
                   under such protection.

              c. If a situation arises where nonparticipating persons leave such
                   protection and are within 500 feet of the UA, flight operations will
                   cease immediately and/or;

              d. The aircraft is operated near vessels, vehicles or structures where
                   the owner/controller of such vessels, vehicles or structures has
                   granted permission and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
                   the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it
                   does not present an undue hazard, and

              e. Operations nearer to the PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential
                   persons do not present an undue hazard to those persons per §
                   91.119(a).
U.S. Department of Transportation
April 24, 2015
Page 10

    30. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access
         property with permission from the land owner/controller or authorized
         representative.

              a. Permission from the land owner/controller or authorized
                   representative will be obtained for each flight to be conducted and
                   will be documented as part of the project execution plan.

    31. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or
         vertical boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable
         COA will be reported to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80)
         within 24 hours. Accidents must be reported to the National
         Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions contained on the
         NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

Requested Regulations for Exemptions and Equivalent Level of Saftey

14CFR Section61.113(a) And (b).

    1. Section 61.113, entitled Private pilot privileges and limitations: Pilot in
         command, subsections (a) and (b) prescribe the following, in relevant
         part:

              a. No person who holds a private pilot certificate may act as a pilot
                   in command (PIC) of an aircraft that is carrying passengers or
                   property for compensation or hire; nor may that person, for
                   compensation or hire, act as PIC of an aircraft.

              b. A private pilot may, for compensation or hire, act as PIC of an
                   aircraft in connection with any business or employment if:
                         i. The flight is only incidental to that business or
                             employment; and
                        ii. The aircraft does not carry passengers or property for
                             compensation or hire.

    2. McKim & Creed submits that an equivalent level of safety will be
         maintained because no PIC will be allowed to operate the Aero-M,
         Mavrik, and S900 UAS's unless that PIC has met certain flight-hour and
         currency requirements, demonstrating that the PIC is able to safely
         operate the Aero-M, Mavrik, and S900 UAS's in a manner consistent with
         the operations specifications as set forth herein, including evasive and
         emergency maneuvers, as well as maintaining appropriate distances from
         people, vessels, vehicles and structures.
U.S. Department of Transportation
April 24, 2015
Page 11

    3. Further, McKim & Creed submits that all flights of the Aero-M, Mavrik,
         and S900 UAS, conducted by the PIC pursuant to the grant of this
         Petition: (1) will be incidental to McKim & Creed business; and (2) will
         not carry passengers or property for compensation or hire.

    4. Specifically, the PIC will have accumulated and logged, in a manner
         consistent with 14 CFR C.F.R. § 61.51(b), 25 hours of total time as a UAS
         pilot (with a minimum of 5 hours of those hours as a UAS pilot operating
         the same make and model of UAS to be used for operations under the
         exemption). In addition to the hour requirements, the PIC will
         accomplish 3 takeoffs and landings in the preceding 90 days (for currency
         purposes).

14CFR Section 91.7(a).

    1. Section 91.7, entitled Civil aircraft airworthiness, subsection (a), states the
         following: (a) No person may operate a civil aircraft unless it is in an
         airworthy condition.

              a. Relief from Section 91.7(a) entitled Civil aircraft airworthiness, is
                   requested to the extent required to allow McKim & Creed to
                   determine that the Aero-M, Mavrik, and S900 UAS are in an
                   airworthy condition prior to every flight by ensuring that each
                   UAS is in compliance with the operating documents (UAS
                   DOCUMENTS ) and that the aircraft are in a condition for safe
                   flight.

              b. McKim & Creed seeks the requested relief because the Aero-M,
                   Mavrik, and S900 UAS do not require an airworthiness certificate
                   in accordance with 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H. Therefore, prior
                   to every flight, McKim & Creed will ensure that the Aero-M,
                   Mavrik, and S900 UAS are in an airworthy condition based upon
                   mnufacturers operating documents.

    2. The equivalent level of safety established by Section 91.7(a) will be
         maintained because prior to every flight, McKim & Creed will ensure that
         the UAS are in an airworthy condition based upon the aircraft's operating
         documents (i.e., the User Manual, Maintenance Procedures).

    3. McKim & Creed seeks relief from Section 91.7(a), entitled Civil aircraft
         airworthiness, because the Aero-M, Mavrik, and S900 UAS's do not
         require an airworthiness certificate in accordance with 14 C.F.R. Part 21,
U.S. Department of Transportation
April 24, 2015
Page 12

      Subpart H. As such, McKim & Creed submits that it will ensure that the
      Aero-M, Mavrik, and S900 UAS's are in an airworthy condition, prior to
      every flight, by determining that the UAS being used is in compliance
      with the operating documents and that the aircraft is in a condition for
      safe flight as below in the supporting documents:

      a. Aero-M : Aero-M- Operations Manual V1
      b. Drone Saftey -3D Robotics
      c. Mavrik : Mavrik Manual Mavrik Quick Start Guide
      d. Mavrik LI-PO Saftey and Disposal
      e. Mavrik Peridoc Maintenance Check
      f. S900: S900 Relase Notes
      g. S900 User Manual V1.2
      h. McKim & Creed ­ Field Preflight Saftey Checklist
      i. McKim & Creed Flight Log
      j. McKim & Creed UAS Flight Saftey Procedure

UAS Specifications:

Aero M               Fixed Wing       Lbs
Type                       6.8        Min
Weight                     40
Flight Time                          MPH
Power          4S 600 mAh 35C LP     Inches
Motor         Tiger AT 2828-7 830kv  Inches
Flight speed
Wing Span                  33
AC Length                  74
                           51

MAVRIK                    Rotory      Lbs
Type                         4.8      Min
Weight                       18
Flight Time                          MPH
Power                8000mah 4S LP   Inches
Motor                4 x 600kv 4008  Inches
Flight speed
Wing Span                    10
AC Length                    14
                            NA

S900                 Rotory
Type
U.S. Department of Transportation
April 24, 2015
Page 13

Weight                 7.2          Lbs
Flight Time            18           Min
Power         6S 15000mAh LP
Motor             400rpm/V         MPH
Flight speed           10          Inches
Wing Span             15.5         Inches
AC Length             NA

14CFR Section 91.121.

1. Section 91.121, entitled Altimeter settings, subsection (a), states the
    following, in part:

a. Each person operating an aircraft shall maintain the cruising
    altitude or flight level of that aircraft, as the case may be, by
    reference to an altimeter that is set, when operating:
          i. Below 18,000 feet MSL, the current reported altimeter
              setting of a station along the route and within 100 nautical
              miles of the aircraft;
         ii. If there is no station within the area prescribed in
              paragraph (a)(1)(i) of this section, the current reported
              altimeter setting of an appropriate available station; or
        iii. In the case of an aircraft not equipped with a radio, the
              elevation of the departure airport or an appropriate
              altimeter setting available before departure.

2. McKim & Creed seeks relief from Section 91.121, entitled Altimeter
    settings, which is required to allow flight operations of the Aero-M,
    Mavrik, and S900 UAS because before each flight, the altitude reporting
    equipment will be set on the ground to zero feet AGL, rather than the
    local barometric pressure or field altitude. The Aero-M, Mavrik, and S900
    UAS utilize a barometric pressure sensor, GPS equipment, and a radio
    communications telemetry data link to downlink altitude information
    from the UA to the PIC at the ground control station (GCS).

3. In order to maintain a level of safety equivalent to Section 91.121
    reporting will be ensured as the altitude of the Aero-M, Mavrik, and S900
    will be reported to air traffic control (ATC) in feet above ground level
    (AGL), and McKim & Creed will operate the Aero-M, Mavrik, and S900
    within visual line of sight (VLOS), at or below 400 feet AGL.
U.S. Department of Transportation
April 24, 2015
Page 14

    4. The altitude information of the UA will be provided to the PIC via a
         barometric pressure sensor, GPS equipment and a radio communications
         telemetry data link, which downlinks from the UA to the GCS for active
         monitoring of the flight path and altitude. Prior to each flight, a zero
         altitude initiation point will be automatically established by the UAS at
         ground level.

14CFR Section 91.151(a)(1).

    1. Section 91.151, entitled Fuel requirements for flight in visual flight rules
         (VFR) conditions, subsection (a)(1), states the following, in relevant part:

              a. No person may begin a flight in an airplane under VFR conditions
                   unless (considering wind and forecast weather conditions) there is
                   enough fuel to fly to the first point of intended landing and,
                   assuming normal cruising speed.

              b. During the day, to fly after that for at least 30 minutes.

    2. McKim & Creed seeks relief from Section 91.151(a)(1) entitled Fuel
         requirements for flight in VFR conditions, to the extent required to allow
         flights of the battery powered Aero-M, Mavrik, and S900 during daylight
         hours in visual meteorological conditions (VMC), under visual flight
         rules (VFR) to fly for a total duration of 18- 40 (Rotory ,fixed wing)
         minutes to the first point of intended landing and, assuming normal
         cruising speed, to fly after that for at least ten minutes or 20 percent
         battery power remaining. McKim & Creed seeks the requested relief
         because without an exemption from Section 91.151(a)(1), the flight time
         duration of the battery powered Aero-M, Mavrik, and S900 will severely
         constrain the practicality of any aerial acquisition and research flight
         operations that McKim & Creed proposes to conduct pursuant to this
         Petition.

    3. The technical specifications of the Aero-M, Mavrik, and S900 UAS, as well
         as McKim & Creed proposed operating limitations, will ensure safe
         operation of the battery powered Aero-M, Mavrik, and S900 UAS during
         daylight hours in VMC, under VFR, with enough battery power to fly to
         the first point of intended landing and, assuming normal cruising speed,
         to fly after that for at least ten minutes or 20 percent battery power
         remaining.

    4. A grant of this exemption would ensure an equivalent level of safety
         established by 14C.F.R. Section 91.151(a)(1) as a result of (1) the technical
U.S. Department of Transportation
April 24, 2015
Page 15

         specifications of the UAS; (2) the limitations on the proposed flight
         operations; and (3) the location of the proposed flight operations.

    5. McKim & Creed will ensure that it will safely operate the battery
         powered UA only during daylight hours in visual metrological
         conditions (VMC) under visual flight rules (VFR), with enough battery
         power for the Aero-M, Mavrik, and S900 to fly for the specific system
         duration to the first point of intended landing and, assuming normal
         cruising speed, to fly after that for at least ten minutes or 20 percent
         battery power remaining.

14CFR Section 91.405(a). 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b)
only

    1. Since Sections 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) &
         (b) only apply to aircraft with an airworthiness certificate, McKim &
         Creed requests relief from these Sections because the Aero-M, Mavrik,
         and S900 UAS do not require an airworthiness certificate. As set forth
         more fully below, the Aero-M, Mavrik, and S900 UAS meet the conditions
         of Section 333 of the FMRA for operation without an airworthiness
         certificate.

    2. All maintenance, alterations, or preventive maintenance of the Aero-M,
         Mavrik, and S900 UAS will be performed by McKim & Creed in
         accordance with the methods, techniques, and practices prescribed in the
         operating documents:

              a. Aero-M : Aero-M- Operations Manual V1
              b. Drone Saftey -3D Robotics
              c. Mavrik : MavrikManual Mavrik Quick Start Guide
              d. Mavrik LI-PO Saftey and Disposal
              e. Mavrik Peridoc Maintenance Check
              f. S900: S900 Relase Notes
              g. S900 User Manual V1.2
              h. McKim & Creed ­ Field Preflight Saftey Checklist
              i. McKim & Creed Flight Log
              j. McKim & Creed UAS Flight Saftey Procedure

    3. Only the Original Equipment Manufacturer (OEM) or qualified OEM
         maintainers will perform higher-level inspections and maintenance per
         the operating documents and OEM standards. McKim & Creed will
U.S. Department of Transportation
April 24, 2015
Page 16

         document and maintain all maintenance records for the Aero-M, Mavrik,
         and S900 UAS.

    4. McKim & Creed submits that the equivalent level of safety with regard to
         the regulatory maintenance and alteration requirements established by
         Sections 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b)
         will be met because all maintenance, alterations, or preventive
         maintenance of the UAS performed by McKim & Creed will be in
         accordance with the methods, and practices required in the operating
         documents.

    5. Since the UAS will be inspected as prescribed by the operating
         documents, McKm & Creed will maintain the equivalent level of safety
         established by Sections 91.405(a), 91.409(a)(1), and 91.409(a)(2). The
         following operating documents are attached.

              a. Aero-M : Aero-M- Operations Manual V1
              b. Drone Saftey -3D Robotics
              c. Mavrik : MavrikManual Mavrik Quick Start Guide
              d. Mavrik LI-PO Saftey and Disposal
              e. Mavrik Peridoc Maintenance Check
              f. S900: S900 Relase Notes
              g. S900 User Manual V1.2
              h. McKim & Creed ­ Field Preflight Saftey Checklist
              i. McKim & Creed Flight Log
              j. McKim & Creed UAS Flight Saftey Procedure

The Public Interest

    1. Granting the present Petition will further the public interest by allowing
         McKim & Creed to safely, efficiently, and economically perform aerial
         acquisitions and mapping within the NAS, commercially, in support of
         government entities, engineering , agriculture, railroad industry, utilities,
         oil and gas industries, environmental, and shoreline mapping. The use of
         the Aero-M, Mavrik, and S900 UAS will decrease congestion of the NAS,
         reduce pollution, and provide significant benefits to the economy.
         Notably, the benefits of McKim & Creed proposed operation of the Aero-
         M, Mavrik, and S900 UAS will be realized without implicating any
         privacy issues.
U.S. Department of Transportation
April 24, 2015
Page 17

    2. The Aero-M, Mavrik, and S900 will provide safe, efficient, and
         economical aerial acquisition and mapping operations to further each of
         these fields, all of which are critical to the well being of the general public.

    3. The specific operations that McKim & Creed will perform with the Aero-
         M, Mavrik, and S900 UAS demonstrate how the requested exemption will
         directly benefit the above-referenced industries and the public, as a
         whole. In land use planning, engineering and mapping and industrial
         operations, the UAS will be used to aid in inspections, survey and plan
         new worksites, conduct volumetric analysis, and perform right of way
         analysis. The UAS may also be used to aid in environmental management
         of coastal and tidal areas, to map and monitor protected habitat and
         species.

The Public Will Benefit From Decreased Congestion Of The NAS

    1. The Aero-M, Mavrik, and S900 UAS are battery powered and serve as a
         safe, efficient, and economical alternative to the manned aircraft
         traditionally utilized to obtain aerial imagery. By reducing the amount of
         manned aircraft needed to perform aerial acquisitions, an exemption
         allowing the use of UAS would reduce the amount of manned aircraft in
         the NAS, reduce noise and air pollution, and increase the safety of life
         and property in the air and on the ground.

    2. The Aero-M, Mavrik, and S900 UAS do not require an airport to takeoff
         or land. Likewise, a reduction of manned aircraft conducting aerial
         survey missions would result in fewer aircraft that must be handled by
         air traffic control during the ground, takeoff, departure, arrival, and
         landing phases of flight operations.

    3. The UAS to perform aerial acquisitions, the substantial risk to life and
         property in the air and on the ground, which is usually associated with
         traditional manned aircraft flight operations, will be substantially
         reduced or completely eliminated.

    4. The UAS will only be operated pursuant to the specific conditions and
         limitations and in accordance with the Federal Aviation Regulations,
         including the minimum altitude requirements of 14 C.F.R. § 91.119. The
         UA will not be operated closer than 500 feet to any person, vessel, vehicle,
         or structure, which is not directly involved in the operation so that
         privacy will not be of a concern.
U.S. Department of Transportation
April 24, 2015
Page 18

    5. A Summary That Can Be Published In The Federal Register, stating: The
         Rules From Which McKim & Creed Seeks Exemption:

              a. McKim & Creed seeks exemption from the requirements of 14
                   C.F.R. Sections 61.113(a)&(b), 91.7(a), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1),
                   91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b).

CONCLUSION

    1. This exemption will permit McKim & Creed to commercially operate
         Unmanned Aircraft Systems (UAS) for the purpose of conducting aerial
         acquisitions within the National Airspace System (NAS).

    2. McKim & Creed seeks an exemption pursuant to 14 C.F.R. § 11.61 and
         Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (FMRA),
         which will permit safe operation of the Aero-M, Mavrik, and S900
         commercially, without an airworthiness certificate, for the limited
         purpose of conducting aerial acquisitions within the National Airspace
         System (NAS). By granting this Petition, the FAA Administrator will be
         fulfilling the Congressional mandate of the FAA Modernization and
         Reform Act of 2012, while also advancing the public interests, by
         allowing McKim & Creed to safely, efficiently, and economically operate
         UAS commercially within the NAS.

    3. In accordance with the Federal Aviation Regulations and the FAA
         Modernization and Reform Act of 2012, Section 333, McKim & Creed
         respectfully requests that the Administrator grant this Petition for an
         exemption from the requirements of 14 C.F.R Sections 61.113(a) & (b),
         91.7(a), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2),
         and 91.417(a) & (b), and permit operation of the Aero-M, Mavrik, and
         S900 UAS commercially for the purpose of conducting aerial acquisitions
         within the NAS.

         Respectfully Submitted,
         McKim & Creed, Inc.

         Mr. Timothy Cawood, PLS
         Senior Vice President
