September 21, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12949
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA-2015-2572

Mr. J. Sean McKnight
President
McKnight and Associates, Inc., LLC
P.O. Box 5
Fosston, MN 56542

Dear Mr. McKnight:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter posted to the public docket on July 6, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation
Administration (FAA) on behalf of McKnight and Associates, Inc., LLC (hereinafter
petitioner or operator) for an exemption. The petitioner requested to operate an unmanned
aircraft system (UAS) to conduct aerial photography, video, and survey.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner are the Tarot 680 Pro Hex, DJI Inspire 1, Skywalker
Flying Wing X8, Trimble UX5, and SenseFly eBee.
                                                                                                                 2

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C.  44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection.1 The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, McKnight and Associates, Inc., LLC is granted an
exemption from 14 CFR ㎣ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a),
91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and
91.417(a) and (b), to the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                             3

aerial data collection. This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed
below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, McKnight and Associates, Inc., LLC is hereafter referred to as
the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the Tarot 680 Pro Hex,
    DJI Inspire 1, Skywalker Flying Wing X8, Trimble UX5, and SenseFly eBee when
    weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any other
    aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
    not permitted.

3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
    exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
    compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
    airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
    aircraft manufacturer.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.

    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
    electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
    must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
    required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
                                                                                                            4

    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
                                                                                                            5

    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR  61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR  61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR  91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR  1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
                                                                                       6

exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial

    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must

    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR ㎣ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical

    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
                                                                                               7

reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
    as documented in this grant of exemption.

30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
    exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
    District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
    notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
    must include at least the following:
      a. Dates and times for all flights;
      b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
          under this grant of exemption;
      c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
          the UAS;
      d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
      e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
      f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
          and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
          who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
      g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
      h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
          town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
          essential to accomplish the operation.

31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons

    consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
    exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                                                 8
This exemption terminates on September 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.
Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
U.S. Department of Transportation
Docket Management System 1200
New Jersey Ave. SE
Washington, DC 20590

Re: Exemption Request Section 333 of the FAA Reform Act

Dear Sir/Madam,

This petition is being submitted on our own behalf without legal counsel or consulting services. Pursuant to
Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (the Reform Act), and 14 C.F.R. Part 11,
MCKNIGHT AND ASSOCIATES, INC., LLC a company operating a Small Unmanned Aircraft System (sUAS)
equipped to conduct aerial photography and survey for various industries, hereby applies for an exemption from
the Federal Aviation Regulations (FARs) listed below to allow operation of our sUAS commercially in airspace
regulated by the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) so long as such operations are conducted with and under
the conditions outlined herein or as may be established by the FAA as required by Section 333.

The requested exemption would permit MCKNIGHT AND ASSOCIATES, INC., LLC to pursue its commercial
interests in providing services to consumers interested aerial data capture using a small advanced sUAS in the
following areas:

       Aerial Mapping for engineering services
      Infrastructure Survey
      Agricultural Surveying
       Aerial Photography (not including closed-set filming)
       Aerial Videography
      Real Estate Photography
      Product Demonstrations

MCKNIGHT AND ASSOCIATES, INC. states that all sUAS flights that will occur over private or controlled access
property will do so with the property owner's prior consent and knowledge and that only people who have
consented or otherwise have agreed to be in the area where photography and videography will take place will
be captured.

Additionally, MCKNIGHT AND ASSOCIATES, INC. pilots hold FAA Private Pilot Licenses with Class Ill Medical
Certificates and if observers are not qualified pilots, they will be trained by MCKNIGHT AND ASSOCIATES, INC.
pilots to understand the proper roles of an observer, communication procedures, proper visual scan techniques,
operations at non-towered airports, and appropriate sections ofthe Aeronautical Information Manual.

Regulations from which the exemption is requested:

14 C.F.R. Part 21, 14 C.F.R. 45.27, 14 C.F.R. 45.23 (b), 14 C.F.R. 61.113(a) and (b) 14 C.F.R. 91.7 (a), 14 C.F.R.
91.9 (b) (2), 14 C.F.R. 91.105, 14 C.F.R. 91.109, 14 C.F.R .91.119, 14 C.F.R. 91.121, 14 C.F.R. 91.151(a), 14 C.F.R.
91.203 (a) & (b), 14 C.F.R. 91.205 (b), 14 C.F.R. 91.215, and 14 C.F.R. (91.401- 91.417)
Unmanned Aircraft System

sUAS are a feasible method to obtain information of agricultural cropland to determine optimum inputs that
result in cost savings to farmers, yield security, and reduce environmental impact of excess fertilizers and
chemicals in the soil. They have proven to save lives in dangerous situations such as flare-stack inspections and
search-and-rescue missions.

We are petitioning for exemption to enable MCKNIGHT AND ASSOCIATES, INC. to operate a Tarot 680 Pro Hex
rotor equipped with a three-axis gimbaled camera and control with a 3DRobitics Pixhawk flight controller, a DJI
Inspire 1 multi-rotor equipped with a three-axis gimbaled camera, a Skywalker X-8 single wing airplane also with
the 3DRobitcs Flight controller, safety parachute and a multi-camera payload, Trimble Gatewing UX5 system and
Topcon eBee . These sUAS all weigh less than 25 lbs, have a built-in capability to limit the height it flies above
the ground, to limit the radius of the distance it flies from the operator and includes a no fly zone feature. Each
system also has the failsafe function of the autopilot system, which means when the communication between
the main controller and the transmitter is lost; the system will automatically trigger Return to Home and will
land safely. The above specifications meet standards listed below, some derived in accordance with the Model
Aircraft Operating Standards:

      The petitioner will only operate its sUAS in line of sight of a pilot and/or observer and will operate at
           sites that are a 'sufficient distance' from populated areas within the sterile area described in the
           operator's manual. Such operations will insure that the sUAS will"not create a hazard to users of the
           national airspace system or the public."

      Under new FAA policy, "the FAA will grant a Certificate of Waiver or Authorization {COA) for flights at or
           below 200 feet to any UAS operator with a Section 333 exemption for aircraft that weigh less than 55
           pounds, operate during daytime Visual Flight Rules {VFR) conditions, operate within visual line of sight
           {VLOS) of the pilots, and stay certain distances away from airports or heliports:

      5 nautical miles {NM) from an airport having an operational control tower; or
      3 NM from an airport with a published instrument flight procedure, but not an operational tower; or
      2 NM from an airport without a published instrument flight procedure or an operational tower; or
      2 NM from a heliport with a published instrument flight procedure"
      Flights requiring an additional COA for operations outside the above parameters will be coordinated

          with the FAA.
      Maximum flight time for each operational flight will be 60 minutes.
      Flights will be terminated at 25% battery power reserve should that occur prior to the 60-minute limit.
      The sUA V will be programmed so that it will not be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet

          AGL, unless otherwise approved by the FAA.
      Minimum crew for each operation will consist of the sUAS Pilot and the Visual Observer.
      The sUAS PIC's {Pilot in Command) will be an FAA licensed airman holding at a minimum an FAA Private

          Pilot Certificate and Third Class FAA Medical Certificate.
      The sUAS operated by the petitioner weighs less than 55 pounds, including the payload {i.e. camera,

          lens, and gimbal).
        The sUAS will operate at speeds of no more than 100 knots.
        Given the small size of the sUAS and the restricted sterile environment within which they will operate,

            our sUAS operations adhere to the Reform Act's safety requirements.

 Additionally, the fact that the MCKNIGHT AND ASSOCIATES, INC. pilots hold, at a minimum, an FAA Private Pilot
 Certificates demonstrates that they have a high regard to safe operations with an understanding of FARs, pre-
 flight inspections, maintenance and repair, operations within airspace, as well as being trained to high safety
 standards.

 Under the requested exemption MCKNIGHT AND ASSOCIATES, INC. ensures that all operators have completed a
 small unmanned aircraft systems {UAS) education and training program including all applicable regulations and
 guidance documents; including aeronautical background information such as charts, NOT AMS and Aircraft
 Circulars; Radio Communications Procedures; Human Factors and Crew Resource Management; Basic Small UAS
 Aerodynamics; Weather Factors; Airmanship and Decision-Making and Safe Operating Procedures.

 Privacy will be paramount to MCKNIGHT AND ASSOCIATES, INC., and we will safeguard all data by storing data
 on hard drives, and not on cloud-based software platforms unless there is a signed agreement in place with all
 personnel and private property owners in the photos or video.

 We respectfully request exemption under Section 333 to enable MCKNIGHT AND ASSOCIATES, INC. to operate
 safe, low-risk commercial sUA V operations for the activities stated. MCKNIGHT AND ASSOCIATES, INC. at all
 times will respect the space and privacy of citizens and property whilst keeping our skies safe.

 MCKNIGHT AND ASSOCIATES, INC. will be utilizing the same DJI and 3DR Robotics proven technologies the FAA
 has already scrutinized and approved for other Section 333 exemptions. Furthermore, MCKNIGHT AND
 ASSOCIATES, INC. would like the FAA to consider that this request is based off of Docket# FAA-2014-0995-0001
 and is not precedent setting.

Sincerely,

J. Sean McKnight, P.E.

i~~

MCKNIGHT AND ASSOCIATES, INC., LLC
 P.O. Box 5
Fosston, MN 56542
218-435 - 1530
EXEMPTION REQUESTS AND EQUIVALENT LEVEL OF SAFETY

MCKNIGHT AND ASSOCIATES, INC., LLC requests an exemption from the following regulations as
well as any additional regulations that may technically apply to the operation of the sUAV System:

14 CFR Part 21, Airworthiness Certificates

This part establishes the procedures for the issuance of an airworthiness certificate. While the FAA
continues to work to develop airworthiness standards for Unmanned Aerial Systems, we request an
FAA Modernization and Reform Act, Section 333 Exemption be issued for Tarot 680 Pro, Skywalker x-8
Plane and OJI Inspire sUAS under the following provisions:

14 CFR 45.23 Display of marks; general and 45.29 Size of marks.

These regulations provide that each aircraft must display "N" and the aircraft's registration number in
letters at least 3 inches high. Additionally, the aircraft must display the word "EXPERIMENTAL" in
letters at least 2 inches high near the entrance to the cabin, cockpit, or pilot station. The sUAV does not
have an entrance in which the word "EXPERIMENTAL" can be placed, and may not have a registration
number assigned to it by the FAA. We propose to achieve an equivalent level of safety by including the
word "EXPERIMENTAL" in the placard on the top of the aircraft, as shown above, where the PIC, VO
and others in the vicinity of the aircraft while it is preparing for launch will be able to see the
designation. Additionally, we feel that the permanent placard discussed in the previous paragraph will
provide the aircraft's registration information at the ground station. Finally, we will display at the ground
station a high contrast flag or banner that contains the words "Unmanned Aircraft Ground Station" in
letters 3 inches high or greater. Since the aircraft will operate within view of the ground station, the
banner should be visible to anyone that observes the aircraft and chooses to investigate its point of
origin.

14 CFR 61.113 Private pilot privileges and limitations: Pilot in Command
and 61.133

Commercial pilot privileges and limitations. The regulation provides that no person that holds a Private
Pilot certificate may act as pilot in Command of an aircraft for compensation or hire. Subparagraph (b)
allows a private pilot to act as pilot in command of an aircraft in connection with any business or
employment if: (1) The flight is only incidental to that business or employment; and (2) The aircraft does
not carry passengers or property for compensation or hire. Our proposed operations require that the
PIC must hold at least a Private Pilot Certificate issued by the FAA and since the aircraft cannot carry
passengers or property, we feel we meet the intent of 61.113 Subparagraph (b) even though the intent
of this application is to conduct a business.

14 CFR 91.7 Prohibits the Operation of an aircraft without an airworthiness
certificate.

As no such certificate will be applicable in the form contemplated by the F ARs, this Regulation is
inapplicable.

14 CFR 91.9 Civil aircraft flight manual, marking, and placard requirements.

This regulation provides that no person may operate an aircraft unless a current, approved flight
manual is in the aircraft. We assume that the intent of this requirement is to ensure that flight manual
information is available to the aircrew while operating the aircraft. We request an exemption to this
requirement since the aircraft is not only too small to carry documentation, the documentation would not
be available to the crew during flight operations. To obtain an equivalent level of safety and meet the
intent of91.9, we propose that a current, approved sUAS Flight Manual must be available to the crew at
the ground station anytime the aircraft is in, or preparing for, flight.

14 CFR 91.109 Flight Instruction; Simulated instrument flight and certain
flight tests.

The regulation states that "No person may operate a civil aircraft that is being used for flight instruction
unless that aircraft has fully functioning dual controls." The sUAS System ground-based control station
consists of a small hand-held radio transmitter and while it does not offer a second set of "controls",
both the student and instructor can, and will, operate the single set of controls simultaneously. With
both student and instructor having "hands-on" the controls during flight, we feel that this technique
meets the intent 91.109 and provides an equivalent level of safety.

14 CFR 91.119 Minimum safe altitudes: General.

The regulation states that over sparsely populated areas the aircraft cannot be operated closer than 500 feet to
any person, vessel, vehicle, or structure. Since the typical mission ofthe sUAS would be photography or survey
of persons, vessels, vehicles or structures it would be necessary to operate closer than 500 feet to the items
listed. Operations will only be flown over property or persons where permission has been obtained and
careful pre-planned has been performed. The aircraft will be operated at a low altitude allowing, if a
power unit fails, an emergency landing without undue hazard to persons or property on the surface.
 Therefore we maintain that due to the small size of the UAS, the hazard to persons, vehicles and
 structures is minimal compared to manned aircraft, which should be considered in granting the
 exemption.

 14 CFR 91.121 Altimeter settings.

 The regulation requires that aircraft shall maintain cruising altitudes by reference to an altimeter setting
 available within 100 NM of the aircraft. The sUAS will always fly below 600 feet AGL and will not need
 to maintain cruising altitudes in order to prevent conflict with other aircraft. An Above Ground Level
 altimeter measurement above the takeoff point is transmitted via radio from the sUAS on-board
 computer to the display screen held by the PIC, providing a constantly updated AGL readout.

 14 CFR 91.151 Fuel requirements for flight in VFR conditions.

 The regulation provides that no person may begin a flight in an airplane under day-VFR conditions
 unless there is enough fuel to fly to the first point of intended landing and to fly after that for at least 30
minutes. We feel the intention of this paragraph is to provide an energy reserve as a safety buffer for
delays to landing. The sUAS are battery operated and the maximum duration of flight from a single
battery charge is 12-45 (depending on which sUAS) minutes with a 20% reserve. Since the aircraft will
never fly more than 1/2 NM from the point of intended landing, a full battery charge at launch will
ensure that we meet the reserve energy requirement of this paragraph. We request an exemption to the
word "fuel" and ask for an equivalent interpretation with the word "energy". We also request exemption
from the 30 min reserve and ask that our reserve will be to fly the mission to the point of intended
landing and have at least a 20% battery reserve after that.

14 CFR 91.203{a) & {b) Civil aircraft: Certifications required.

The regulation provides that an airworthiness certificate, with the registration number assigned to the
aircraft and a registration certificate must be aboard the aircraft. Additionally, subparagraph (b) provides
that the airworthiness certificate be "displayed at the cabin or cockpit entrance so that it is legible to
passengers or crew." The sUAS is too small to carry documentation, does not have an entrance, and is
not capable of carrying passengers or crew. To obtain an equivalent level of safety and meet the intent
of91.203, we propose that documents deemed appropriate for this aircraft by the FAA will be collocated
with the crew at the ground control station and available for inspection upon request. In order to identify
the aircraft, we propose that the information found on airworthiness and registration certificates be
permanently affixed to the aircraft via placard containing the following information plus the word
"EXPERIMENTAL" to satisfy the requirement of 14 CFR 45.23.
14 CFR Subpart E (91.401- 91.417)- Maintenance, Preventive Maintenance,
Alterations

The regulation provides that the operator is primarily responsible for maintaining the aircraft in an
airworthy condition, including compliance with part 39 and 43. Paragraphs 91.407 and 91.409 require
that the aircraft be "approved for return to service by a person authorized under 43. 7" after
maintenance and inspection. It is our intention that the PIC perform maintenance and inspection of the
aircraft and "be authorized to approve the aircraft for return to service." The PIC will ensure that the
aircraft is in an airworthy condition prior to every flight and in addition, conduct detailed inspections after
every two hours of flight. Maintenance performed by the PIC is limited to repairing small cracks,
replacing a propeller, checking electrical connections and updating software and firmware for the on-
board computer. All other maintenance will be performed by the manufacturer or their designated repair
facility. The PIC will document work performed in accordance with 91.417. We feel that due to the size,
construction, and simplicity of the aircraft, the PIC can ensure an equivalent level of safety.
