August 25, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12594
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA-2015-0818

Mr. Jonathan Rupprecht
Counsel for MechaniKids, LLC dba Red Raptor
Rupprecht Law, P.A.
324 Datura Street, Suite 200
West Palm Beach, FL 33401

Dear Mr. Rupprecht:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated June 1, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of Mechanikids, LLC dba Red Raptor (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an
exemption. The petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to
conduct aerial data collection, closed-set film and television production, flight instruction,
education, and research and development.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner are a DJI Phantom 2, DJI Phantom 2 Vision+, DJI
Phantom 3, DJI S900, DJI S1000, and DJI Inspire.
                                                                                                                 2

In accordance with the statutory criteria provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in
reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited
operating area associated with the aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation
has determined that this aircraft meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA
finds that relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts,
Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing
requirements of part 36, is not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1 and closed set motion picture and
filming. The FAA has issued grants of exemption in circumstances similar in all material
respects to those presented in your petition. In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus
Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352), 11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and
11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the
enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned aircraft (UA) with the specifications described
by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or crew, rather than a manned aircraft of
significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA
good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Mechanikids, LLC dba Red Raptor is granted an
exemption from 14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a),
91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and
91.417(a) and (b), to the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform
aerial data collection and closed set motion picture and filming. This exemption is subject to
the conditions and limitations listed below.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                                                 3

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Mechanikids, LLC dba Red Raptor is hereafter referred to as
the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom 2,
         DJI Phantom 2 Vision+, DJI Phantom 3, DJI S900, DJI S1000, and DJI Inspire when
         weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any other
         aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming
         are permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
         must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
         documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
                                                                                                            4

    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.
                                                                                                            5

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.
                                                                                                            6

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

    The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
    nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
    reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
    contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.
                                                                                                                 7

 If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
 television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                      8

This exemption terminates on August 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.
Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
               Rupprecht Law P. A.

                                    324 Datura Street, Suite 200 | West Palm Beach, FL 33401
                             P: (561) 222-6979 | E: jon@jrupprechtlaw.com | W: www.jrupprechtlaw.com

March 26, 2015

U. S. Department of Transportation
Docket Management System
1200 New Jersey Ave., SE,
West Building Ground Floor, Room W12-140,
Washington, DC 20590

Re: Request for Exemption under Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act and
         Part 11 of the Federal Aviation Regulations from 14 C.F.R. 61.23(a) and (c); 61.101(e)(4) and
         (5); 61.113(a); 61.315(a); 91.119(c); 91.121; 91.151(a)(1); 91.405(a); 91.407(a)(1);
         91.409(a)(1) and (2); 91.417(a) & (b).

Dear Sir or Madam:
         Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (the Reform Act)

and 14 C.F.R. Part 11, MechaniKids, LLC dba Red Raptor an operator of Small Unmanned Aircraft
(UA) hereby applies for an exemption from the listed Federal Aviation Regulations ("FARs") to allow
commercial operation of its UA, so long as such operations are conducted within and under the
conditions outlined herein or as may be established by the FAA as required by Section 333.

QUICK REFERENCE SUMMARY:

     The aircraft flown will be:
             o DJI Phantom 2,
             o DJI Phantom 2 Vision +,
             o DJI Inspire,
             o DJI S900.

     The operations will be for:
             o Utility infrastructure inspections, closed-set motion picture, and television filming and
                  production (Exemption # 11224)

     We have a current commercial pilot, CFI, & CFII who will operate the drone. The pilot has a
         current third class medical.

     We already agree to all the restrictions listed in Exemption # 11224 so an examiner can
         quickly copy-paste the granted exemption.
MechaniKids, LLC dba Red Raptor has a viable petition and is not a waste of the FAA's resources.
Congress wanted viable UAS operations and not just 333 petitions being granted to individuals who
have little knowledge of the Federal Aviation Regulations. The FAA is aware that many of these 333's
being submitted are copy-paste jobs. Some of the signs are that the individuals are merely copying and
pasting without bothering to update their petition based upon guidance the FAA has provided in previous
petitions. This further wastes the FAA's time and the tax payer's dollars because the FAA has to respond
to non-relevant regulations. This petition has been updated based upon FAA guidance in granted
petitions till March 26, 2015 which is the date of submittal.

         MechaniKids, LLC dba Red Raptor requests that the publication and comment procedures
be waived in accordance with 14 C.F.R. § 11.87 which states:

    § 11.87 Are there circumstances in which FAA may decide not to publish a summary of my
    petition for exemption?
    The FAA may not publish a summary of your petition for exemption and request comments if
    you present or we find good cause why we should not delay action on your petition. The factors
    we consider in deciding not to request comment include:

         (a) Whether granting your petition would set a precedent.
         (b) Whether the relief requested is identical to exemptions granted previously.
         (c) Whether our delaying action on your petition would affect you adversely.
         (d) Whether you filed your petition in a timely manner.

         Corresponding to the above sub-sections, MechaniKids, LLC dba Red Raptor has good cause to
request the FAA to waive the comment period and not delay action on the petition because:

    (a) MechaniKids, LLC dba Red Raptor would not set any precedent. MechaniKids, LLC dba
         Red Raptor agrees to the almost SAME exact limitations as Exemption # 11224.

    (b) MechaniKids, LLC dba Red Raptor agrees to the almost SAME exact limitations as Exemption
         # 11224, except we would like to add the Phantom 2 base model which has been granted in other
         exemptions.

                                                              2
    (c) Delaying the granting of this petition would adversely affect the public, the FAA, and
         MechaniKids, LLC dba Red Raptor. The public, as well as the FAA, would be better served
         by the FAA quickly granting this petition and thereby freeing up limited FAA resources and
         allowing FAA inspectors to dedicate their time and attention to much higher priorities. Moreover,
         MechaniKids, LLC dba Red Raptor is eagerly seeking to start commercial operations and is
         adversely affected by the above listed regulations.

    (d) The petition has been filed in a timely manner.

SUMMARY TO PUBLISH IN THE FEDERAL REGISTER

    Pursuant to 14 C.F.R. Part 11, the following summary is provided for publication in the Federal
Register, should it be determined that publication is needed:

         MechaniKids, LLC dba Red Raptor is petitioning the FAA for an exemption from 14
         C.F.R. 61.23(a) and (c); 61.101(e)(4) and (5); 61.113(a); 61.315(a); 91.119(c); 91.121;
         91.151(a)(1); 91.405(a); 91.407(a)(1); 91.409(a)(1) and (2); 91.417(a) & (b) to allow for
         commercial UAS for utility inspections.

PETITIONER'S CONTACT INFO:

MechaniKids, LLC dba Red Raptor
Attn: Ashley Rupprecht
Phone: 561-222-6979
Email: mechanikids@me.com
Address: 324 Datura Street, Suite 200, West Palm Beach, Florida 33401

Rupprecht Law, P.A.
Attn: Jonathan Rupprecht
Phone: 561-222-6979
Email: jon@jrupprechtlaw.com
Address: 324 Datura Street, Suite 200, West Palm Beach, Florida 33401

                                                              3
REGULATIONS WE ARE REQUESTING AN EXEMPTION FROM:

     14 C.F.R. § 61.23(a) and (c)
     14 C.F.R. § 61.101(e)(4) and (5)
     14 C.F.R. § 61.113(a)
     14 C.F.R. § 61.315(a)
     14 C.F.R. § 91.7(a)
     14 C.F.R. § 91.119(c)
     14 C.F.R. § 91.121
     14 C.F.R. § 91.151(a)(1)
     14 C.F.R. § 91.405(a)
     14 C.F.R. § 91.407(a)(1)
     14 C.F.R. § 91.409(a)(1) & (2)
     14 C.F.R. § 91.417(a) & (b)

         This exemption application is expressly submitted to fulfill Congress' goal in passing Section

333(a) through (c) of the Reform Act. This law directs the Secretary of Transportation to consider

whether certain unmanned aircraft systems may operate safely in the national airspace system (NAS)

before completion of the rulemaking required under Section 332 of the FAA Modernization and Reform

Act. In making this determination, the Secretary is required to determine which types of UA do not

create a hazard to users of the NAS or the public or pose a threat to national security in light of the

following:

     The UA's size, weight, speed, and operational capability;
     Operation of the UA in close proximity to airports and populated areas; and,
     Operation of the UA within visual line of sight of the operator (VLOS).

Reform Act § 333(a). Lastly, if the Secretary determines that such vehicles "may operate safely in the

national airspace system, the Secretary shall establish requirements for the safe operation of such aircraft
in the national airspace system." Id. § 333(c) (emphasis added).1

         The Federal Aviation Act expressly grants the FAA the authority to issue exemptions. This

statutory authority by its terms includes exempting civil aircraft, as the term is defined under § 40101 of

1 Applicant interprets this provision to place the duty on the Administrator to not only process applications for
  exemptions under section 333, but for the Administrator to craft conditions for the safe operation of the UAS, if it
  should be determined that the conditions set forth herein do not fulfill the statutory requirements for approval.

                                                              4
the Act that includes UAS's, from the requirement that all civil aircraft must have a current
airworthiness certificate.

         "The Administrator may grant an exemption from a requirement of a regulation prescribed under
subsection (a) or (b) of this section or any sections 44702-44716 of this title if the Administrator finds
the exemption in the public interest." 49 U.S.C. § 44701(f). See also 49 U.S.C. § 44711(b).

OPERATING DOCUMENTS

         MechaniKids, LLC dba Red Raptor will operate only within the limitations below and also under
the Phantom 2 Vision+ User's Manual, the Phantom 2 User's Manual, the Inspire User's Manual, or the
DJI S900 User's Manual.

AIRCRAFT AND EQUIVALENT LEVEL OF SAFETY

         The applicant proposes that the exemption requested herein applies to civil aircraft that have the
characteristics and that operate with the limitations listed herein. These limitations provide for at least an
equivalent or even higher level of safety to operations under the current regulatory structure.

         These limitations and conditions, almost identical to Exemption # 11224. MechaniKids, LLC dba
Red Raptor agrees to be bound when conducting commercial UA operations. Additions will be
underlined and in bold. The list of limitations and conditions include the following:

         1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom 2, DJI
                  Phantom 2 Vision Plus, DJI Inspire I, and DJI S900 when weighing less than 55 pounds
                  including payload. Proposed operations of any other aircraft will require a new petition or
                  a petition to amend this exemption.

         2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are not
                  permitted.

         3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
                  exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
                  compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at

                                                              5
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the aircraft
         manufacturer.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times. This
         requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or U.S.
         driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within the
         visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used to
         satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS capability. The
         VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times. Electronic messaging or
         texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC must be designated before the
         flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the duration of the flight. The PIC
         must ensure that the VO can perform the duties required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its operations
         in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of exemption, are
         hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating documents must be
         accessible during UAS operations and made available to the Administrator upon request.
         If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and limitations in this exemption and the
         procedures outlined in the operating documents, the conditions and limitations herein
         take precedence and must be followed. Otherwise, the operator must follow the
         procedures as outlined in its operating documents. The operator may update or revise its
         operating documents. It is the operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present
         updated and revised documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon
         request. The operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for
         extension or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any

                                                     6
         update or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption,
         then the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
         UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding updates
         or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation or
         flight characteristics, e.g. replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo a
         functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
         Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
         least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such a
         manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is in
         a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the UAS
         is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all potential
         discrepancies, e.g. inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the inspection reveals
         a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is prohibited from
         operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the UAS is found to
         be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul, replacement,
         inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer safety
         bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport, commercial,
         private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a current FAA
         airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a state, the District of
         Colombia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal government. The PIC

                                                     7
         must also meet the flight review requirements specified in 14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft
         in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the ability
         to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
         under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and maintaining
         appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC qualification
         flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with 14 CFR § 61.51(b).
         Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs (training, proficiency,
         and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to safely operate the UAS in a
         manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated under this exemption are permitted
         under the terms of this exemption. However, training operations may only be conducted
         during dedicated training sessions. During training, proficiency, and experience-building
         flights, all persons not essential for flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and
         the PIC must operate the UA with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in
         accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
         operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
         under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
         denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not denoted
         with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current FAA published
         aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's management is
         obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption holder. The letter of
         agreement with the airport management must be made available to the Administrator or
         any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet horizontally
         from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

                                                     8
18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
         predetermined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
         weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the intended
         operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve power
         recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
         operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The exemption
         holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct operations that
         cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
         number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification (N
         Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must be as
         large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
         any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the PIC at
         the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating. These
         documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement official
         upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and activities
         at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
         persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:

                                                     9
                  a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons from
                  the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure that
                  nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises where
                  nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of the UA, flight
                  operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety of nonparticipating
                  persons; and,

                  b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission for
                  operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of the risk of
                  operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not present an undue hazard.

         The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered non-participating persons
         under this exemption.

         27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
                  permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative. Permission
                  from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be obtained for each
                  flight to be conducted.

         28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
                  boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported to
                  the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be reported
                  to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions contained on the
                  NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits closed-set motion picture and television filming and production, the following
additional conditions and limitations apply.

         29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM) as
                  documented in this grant of exemption.

         30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this exemption
                  must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards District Office

                                                              10
                  (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day notification may
                  be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities must include at least
                  the following:

                  a. Dates and times for all flights;

                  b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted under
                  this grant of exemption;

                  c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of the
                  UAS;

                  d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;

                  e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;

                  f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners and/or
                  local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those who gave
                  permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;

                  g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and

                  h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city, town,
                  county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes essential to
                  accomplish the operation.

           31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
                  consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
                  exemption holder's MPTOM. Unless otherwise specified by the Administrator, the PIC,
                  and operator must comply with all applicable parts of 14 C.F.R. including, but not limited
                  to, parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.

STATUTORY CRITERIA PROVIDED IN SECTION 333

         The Federal Aviation Act (49 U.S.C.§ 44701 (f)) and Section 333 of the Reform Act both
authorize the FAA to exempt aircraft from the requirement for an airworthiness certificate, upon

                                                              11
consideration of the size, weight, speed, operational capability, and proximity to airports and populated
areas of the particular UAS. In all cases, an analysis of these criteria demonstrates that the UAS operated
without an airworthiness certificate and under the restrictions proposed will be at least as safe, or safer,
than a conventional aircraft (fixed wing or rotorcraft) operating with an airworthiness certificate without
the restrictions and conditions proposed.

         Since the UA fully loaded weighs no more than 55 lbs. and is operated without an onboard pilot,
there is no ability or place to carry certification and registration documents or to display them on the
unmanned aircraft. An equivalent level of safety will be achieved by keeping these documents at the
ground control point where the pilot flying the UA will have immediate access to them. Given the size
of the unmanned aircraft, the FAA registration number will be displayed on the airframe in as large a
font as possible.

14 C.F.R. § 61.23(a) & (c): MEDICAL CERTIFICATES
         Exemption # 11224, granted to NextEra Energy, Inc., provided that a U.S. driver's license

could be used in lieu of the medical certificate.

14 C.F.R. § 61.101(E)(4) & (5): RECREATIONAL PILOT PRIVILEGES AND LIMITATIONS & 14 C.F.R.
§ 61.315(A): SPORT PILOT LIMITATIONS.

         Exemption # 11224, granted to NextEra Energy, Inc., provided that the "PIC must hold either
an airline transport, commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate." Likewise,
MechaniKids, LLC dba Red Raptor is also performing commercial UAS work and is asking for the
same restrictions which have been previously deemed to provide an equivalent level of safety as the
burdensome regulations.

14 C.F.R. § 61.113 (a) & (b): PRIVATE PILOT PRIVILEGES AND LIMITATIONS: PILOT IN
COMMAND.

         Sub-sections 61.113(a) limit private pilots to non-commercial operations. Because the UAS
will not carry a pilot or passengers, the proposed operations can achieve the equivalent level of
safety of current operations by requiring the PIC operating the aircraft to have a private pilot's

                                                              12
license rather than a commercial pilot's license to operate this small UAS. Unlike a conventional
aircraft that carries the pilot and passengers, the UAS is remotely controlled with no living thing on
board.
14 C.F.R. § 91.7(a): CIVIL AIRCRAFT AIRWORTHINESS.

         Exemption # 11224 granted to NextEra Energy, Inc. determined that the DJI Phantom 2
Vision +, DJI Inspire, and DJI S900 were previously determined in other exemptions to not be
required to have an airworthiness certificate based upon the authority of Section 333 of the FAA
Modernization and Reform Act of 2012. Other exemptions have also determined that the Phantom 2
platform does not need an airworthiness certificate. See Exemption # 11220 for Aerial Production
Services, Inc.
14 C.F.R. § 91.119: MINIMUM SAFE ALTITUDES

         Section 91.119 establishes safe altitudes for operation of civil aircraft. Section 91.119 (d)
allows helicopters to be operated at less than the minimums prescribed, provided the person
operating the helicopter complies with any route or altitudes prescribed for helicopters by the FAA.

         The equivalent level of safety will be achieved given the size, weight, speed of the UAS as
well as the location where it is operated. Because of the lack of flammable fuel, any risk associated
with these operations is far less than those presently presented with conventional aircraft operating at
or below 500 AGL. In addition, the low-altitude operations of the UAS will ensure separation
between these small UAS operations and the operations of conventional aircraft that must comply
with Section 91.119.
14 C.F.R. § 91.121: ALTIMETER SETTINGS

         This regulation requires each person operating an aircraft to maintain cruising altitude by
reference to an altimeter that is set "... to the elevation of the departure airport or an appropriate altimeter
setting available before departure." As the UAS may not have a barometric altimeter, but instead a GPS
altitude read out, an exemption may be needed. An equivalent level of safety will be achieved by the
operator, pursuant to the operating manuals.

                                                              13
14 C.F.R. § 91.151(A): FUEL REQUIREMENTS FOR FLIGHT IN VFR CONDITIONS

         Section 91.151 (a) prohibits an individual from beginning "a flight in an airplane under VFR
conditions unless (considering wind and forecast weather conditions) there is enough fuel to fly to the
first point of intended landing, and, assuming normal cruising speed - (1) During the day, to fly after that
for at least 30 minutes; or (2) At night, to fly after that for at least 45 minutes."

         The battery powering the UAS provides approximately 40 minutes of powered flight. To meet
the 30 minute reserve requirement in 14 C.F.R. § 91.151, UAS flights would be limited to approximately
10 minutes in length. Given the limitations on the UAS's proposed flight area and the location of its
proposed operations within a predetermined area, a longer time frame for flight in daylight or night VFR
conditions is reasonable.

         Applicant believes that an equivalent level of safety can be achieved by limiting the PIC from
beginning a UAS flight unless (considering wind and forecast weather conditions and assuming normal
cruising speed) "there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the intended operation and to
operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve power recommended by the manufacturer
if greater." Exemption # 11224, at page 9.
14 C.F.R. § 91.405 (a); § 407 (a) (1); § 409 (a) (2); § 417(a) & (b): MAINTENANCE INSPECTIONS

         These regulations require that an aircraft operator or owner "shall have that aircraft inspected as
prescribed in subpart E of this part and shall between required inspections, except as provided in
paragraph (c) of this section, have discrepancies repaired as prescribed in part 43 of this chapter..." and
others shall inspect or maintain the aircraft in compliance with Part 43.

         Given that these sections and Part 43 apply only to aircraft with an airworthiness certificate,
these sections will not apply to the applicant. An equivalent level of safety will be achieved because
these small UAS's are very limited in size and will carry a small payload and operate only in restricted
areas for limited periods of time. Moreover, the operator is the person most familiar with the aircraft and
best suited to maintain the aircraft in an airworthy condition to provide the equivalent level of safety.

                                                              14
         The operation of MechaniKids, LLC's dba Red Raptor using a small UAS, weighing less than 55
lbs., conducted under the proposed restrictions outlined above, will provide an equivalent level of safety
supporting the grant of the exemptions requested herein. If I can be of any assistance to further expedite
this petition, please do not hesitate to contact me at (561)222-6979 or at my email
jon@jrupprechtlaw.com.

         Sincerely yours,
         _____________________
         Jonathan Rupprecht, Esq.

                                                              15
