                                          CORRECTED COPY

The FAA is reissuing the July 10, 2015, grant of exemption of Exemption No. 12005. A
correction was made to add the DJI Inspire 1, DJI Phantom 2, DJI Phantom 2 Vision, DJI
Phantom 2 Vision +, DJI Phantom 3, DJI Spreading Wings S900, DJI Spreading Wings
S1000, DJI Spreading Wings S1000+, 3DRobotics Iris, and 3DRobotics Solo aircraft to the
Airworthiness Certification section and to Conditions and Limitations #1. Below is the
amended Exemption No. 12005 that includes the aforementioned change. We made the
correction in our records as of July 23, 2015.

July 10, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12005
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­0610

Mr. Peter Menet
Menet Aero, Inc.
517 E. Otjen Street
Milwaukee, WI 53207

Dear Mr. Menet:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated March 6, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of Menet Aero, Inc. (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption. The
exemption would allow the petitioner to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to
conduct monitoring/inspection, geological survey, research and development, education,
emergency functions, and aerial photography.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed
                                                                                               2

operations and the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner are the Menet Aero 1, DJI Inspire 1, DJI Phantom 2, DJI
Phantom 2 Vision, DJI Phantom 2 Vision +, DJI Phantom 3, DJI Spreading Wings S900, DJI
Spreading Wings S1000, DJI Spreading Wings S1000+, 3DRobotics Iris, and 3DRobotics
Solo.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                        3

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

· They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

· The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

· A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Menet Aero, Inc. is granted an exemption from 14 CFR
§§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121,
91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to the
extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Menet Aero, Inc. is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the Menet Aero 1, DJI
    Inspire 1, DJI Phantom 2, DJI Phantom 2 Vision, DJI Phantom 2 Vision +, DJI
    Phantom 3, DJI Spreading Wings S900, DJI Spreading Wings S1000, DJI Spreading
    Wings S1000+, 3DRobotics Iris, and 3DRobotics Solo when weighing less than
    55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any other aircraft will require a
    new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
    not permitted.

3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
    exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
    compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
    airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
    aircraft manufacturer.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.
                                                                                                            4

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
    electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
    must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
    required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
                                                                                                            5

    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    Government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.
                                                                                                            6

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least 5 minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
                                                                                                               7

          b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
             for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
             the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
             present an undue hazard.

       The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
       nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

   27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
       permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
       Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
       obtained for each flight to be conducted.

   28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
       boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
       to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
       reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
       contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

   29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
       as documented in this grant of exemption.

   30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
       exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
       District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
       notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
       must include at least the following:
          a. Dates and times for all flights;
          b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
             under this grant of exemption;
          c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
             the UAS;
          d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
          e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
          f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
             and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
             who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
          g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
          h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
             town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
             essential to accomplish the operation.
                                                                                                                 8

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                    9

This exemption terminates on July 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service
                                                                            

  
  

S     ection  333  
E   xemption  Request  

  
  

March  6,  2015  

  

Submitted  to:  

US  Department  of  Transportation  
Docket  Management  System  
1200  New  Jersey  Ave.,  SE  
Washington,  DC  20590  

  
Submitted  by:  

Menet  Aero,  Inc.  

517  E  Otjen  St.  
Milwaukee,  WI  53207  
(414)  534-9980  
contact@menetaero.com  

  

                                              Page  1  of  17  

  
                                                                            

Table  of  Contents  

Summary.  ....................................................................................................................................3     
Introduction  and  Interests  of  Petitioner  .........................................................................3     

   Operation  Guidelines  ......................................................................................................................  4  
      Definitions.  .........................................................................................................................................................4     
      General.  ................................................................................................................................................................5     
      Confined  Area  of  Operation .  .......................................................................................................................5     
      Light,  Weather,  and  Visibility  Requirements .  .....................................................................................6     
      Crew  Qualifications .  .......................................................................................................................................7     
      Aircraft  Performance  Capabilities  &  Design.  .......................................................................................8     
      Privacy  and  Legal  Concerns.  .......................................................................................................................9     

Basis  for  Petition.  ..................................................................................................................  10  
   Specific  Sections  of  14  C.F.R.  From  Which  Menet  Aero  Seeks  Exemption.  ...................1   0  
   The  Extent  of  Relief  and  the  Reasons  Menet  Aero,  Inc.  Seeks  Relief .  ............................1   0  
   Why  Granting  Menet  Aero,  Inc.'s  Request  Would  Be  in  the  Public  Interest.  ...............1   6  
   Summary  for  Federal  Register .  ..................................................................................................1   6  
   Additional  Information,  View,  or  Arguments  to  Support  Menet  Aero's  Request.  .....1   7  

Conclusion.   ..............................................................................................................................  17  
  

                                              Page  2  of  17  

  
    

Summary  

Menet  Aero,  Inc.  (hereinafter  referred  to  as  "Menet  Aero")  seeks  an  exemption  from  
the  requirements  of  14  CFR  21,  Subpart  H,  14  CFR  61.3  (c),  14  CFR  61.113  &  14  CFR  
61.133,  14  CFR  91.9,  14  CFR  91.105,  14  CFR  91.109,  14  CFR  91.119,  14  CFR  91.121,  
14  CFR  91.151,  14  CFR  91.203  (a)  &  (b),  14  CFR  91.213,  and  14  CFR  91  Subpart  E.  
This  exemption  will  allow  Menet  Aero  to  operate  Small  Unmanned  Aerial  Systems  
(SUAS)  for  commercial  and  non-recreational  purposes  over  various  areas  within  the  
United  States.    

Introduction  and  Interests  of  Petitioner  

Menet  Aero  is  comprised  of  a  team  of  military  trained  UAS  Operators,  current  and  
former  military  helicopter  pilots,  FAA  licensed  private  and  commercial  pilots,  
military  trained  aviation  maintenance  technicians,  FAA  licensed  Airframe  and  
Powerplant  (A&P)  technicians,  FAA  licensed  Aeromedical  Examiners  (AMEs),  and  
model  aircraft  enthusiasts.  Our  goal  is  to  provide  manned  and  unmanned  aviation  
services  to  a  variety  of  industries  and  organizations  under  the  experienced  and  
watchful  oversight  of  professional  aviation  personnel.  Our  core  business  focus  is  to  
provide  our  clients  and  partners  access  to  the  most  economical  aviation  solution  to  
meet  their  needs  while  not  compromising  the  safety  or  integrity  of  the  National  
Airspace  System  (NAS).  SUAS  operations  conducted  by  Menet  Aero  will  benefit  the  
public  as  a  whole  by  allowing  commercial  entities,  public  agencies,  and  research  
institutions  access  to  potentially  game-changing  technology  with  the  oversight  of  
those  intimately  familiar  with  FAA  regulated  operations.  
  
Our  proposed  SUAS  operations  include:  
  

    · Crop  monitoring/inspection,    
    · Geological  Survey,  
    · Research  and  development,    
    · Educational/academic  uses,    
    · Power-line/pipeline  inspections,    
    · Antenna  and  building  inspections,    
    · Integrating  with  national,  state,  and  local  emergency  management  entities  to  

         assist  with  emergency  functions  such  as  search  and  rescue,  
    · Bridge  inspections,    
    · Aerial  photography,  and    
    · Wildlife  nesting  area  evaluations.  
  
Menet  Aero  has  reviewed  the  recently  released  NPRM  Draft  SUAS  Law  RIN  2120-
AJ60  (herein  referred  to  "Part  107")  dated  Feb.  15,  2015,  and  with  minor  exceptions,  

                                              Page  3  of  17  

  
                                                                                         Menet  Aero,  Inc.  

has  adjusted  the  operations  and  procedures  described  in  this  exemption  request  to  
mirror  the  framework  set  forth  in  the  proposed  Part  107.1  Since  SUAS  technology  is  
still  in  its  infancy,  our  goal  for  this  exemption  request  is  to  explain  the  procedures  
under  which  we  will  operate  and  how  we  will  select  aircraft  that  address  the  
existing  requirements  of  the  Section  333  exemption  process,  as  well  as  meet  the  
requirements  of  proposed  Part  107.  This  approach  will  permit  us  the  flexibility  to  
adopt  new  technology  and  procedures  as  they  become  available  in  the  hopes  of  
enhancing  both  the  safety  and  effectiveness  of  our  operations.  The  end  result  is  that  
Menet  Aero  will  stay  informed  of  changes  in  SUAS  technology  and  regulations  to  
ensure  our  equipment  and  operations  are  being  conducted  in  accordance  with  all  
applicable  laws  while  leveraging  the  most  advanced  and  safest  technology  available.  

Operation  Guidelines  
  
The  following  is  a  list  of  proposed  operation  guidelines  by  which  Menet  Aero  will  
abide.  
  

Definitions  
  
Confined  Area  of  Operations  (CAO)  ­  An  area  established  to  confine  the  flight  of  a  
small  unmanned  aircraft  in  order  to  allow  the  Operator  to  become  familiar  with  the  
area  of  operation  and  create  contingency  plans  for  using  the  environment  to  
mitigate  the  risk  associated  with  the  possible  loss  of  positive  control.  
  
Control  Station  ­  An  interface  used  by  the  Operator  to  control  the  flight  path  of  the  
small  unmanned  aircraft.  
  
Immediate  Area  of  Influence  (IAI)  ­  The  area  immediately  surrounding  a  CAO  that  
SUAS  operations  may  have  secondary  effects  on.  Example:  an  urban  CAO  may  be  
limited  to  a  small  property  but  nearby  neighbors  could  be  affected  by  privacy  
concerns  that  the  SUAS  presents.  Although  IAI  are  not  affected  by  the  same  safety  
concerns  as  CAOs,  they  may  present  non-safety  related  issues  that  need  to  be  
addressed.  
  
Loss  of  Positive  Control  (LPC)  ­  A  condition  where  the  UAS  Operator  may  become  
unable  to  directly  control  the  UAS  due  to  a  failure  of  the  control  link  between  the  
aircraft  and  the  Operator's  control  station.    
  

                                                                                                                

1  Example:  All  operations  will  be  conducted  less  than  500  feet  AGL  unless  inspecting  ground-based  
objects  such  as  buildings  or  towers  exceeding  500  feet  in  height.  Under  these  conditions,  the  SUAS  
will  remain  within  50  meters  (164  feet)  laterally  and  no  more  than  10  meters  (33  feet)  above  the  
structure.  A  NOTAM  will  be  submitted  a  minimum  of  48  hours  prior  to  these  operations.  

                                              Page  4  of  17  
                                                                                         Menet  Aero,  Inc.  

Operator  (OP)  ­  The  person  who  manipulates  the  flight  controls  of  a  small  UAS.  The  
Operator  is  directly  responsible  for,  and  is  the  final  authority  as  to  the  operation  of  
the  SUAS.  
  
Part  107  ­  The  proposed  new  part  of  Title  14  of  the  CFR  that  would  govern  small  
UAS  operations.  Since  this  regulation  does  not  yet  exist,  the  exemption  request  
references  the  proposed  Part  107  details  as  described  in  the  recently  released  
NPRM  Draft  SUAS  Law  RIN  2120-AJ60  dated  Feb.  15,  2015.  
  
Small  Unmanned  Aircraft  System  (SUAS)  ­  A  small  unmanned  aircraft  (which,  as  
defined  by  statute,  is  an  unmanned  aircraft  weighing  less  than  55  pounds1)  and  
equipment  necessary  for  the  safe  and  efficient  operation  of  that  aircraft.  
  
Visual  Observer  (VO)  ­  A  person  who  assists  the  SUAS  Operator  in  seeing  and  
avoiding  other  air  traffic  or  objects  aloft  or  on  the  ground.  A  VO  is  required  for  
operations  when  the  Operator  is  incapable  of  seeing  the  SUAS.  Example:  First  
Person  View  (FPV)  operations.  

General  
  

    · A  SUAS  Operator  is  required  to  see  and  avoid  all  other  users  of  the  NAS  in  the  
         area  in  which  the  SUAS  is  operating.    

    · SUAS  are  prohibited  from  operating  in  Class  A  airspace  and  require  prior  
         permission  from  Air  Traffic  Control  to  operate  in  Class  B,  C  or  D  airspace,  or  
         with  in  the  lateral  boundaries  of  the  surface  area  of  Class  E  airspace  
         designated  for  an  airport.  Operations  are  allowed  within  Class  G  airspace  
         without  ATC  permission.  

    · SUAS  must  yield  right-of-way  to  other  aircraft,  manned  or  unmanned.  
    · No  person  may  act  as  an  Operator  or  VO  for  more  than  one  unmanned  

         aircraft  operation  at  one  time.  
    · No  careless  or  reckless  operations  are  permitted.  

Confined  Area  of  Operation  
  
Menet  Aero  embraces  the  FAA's  proposed  performance-based  operator-
responsibility  standard  built  around  the  concept  of  a  confined  area  of  operation  
(CAO)  for  SUAS  operations  as  a  means  to  mitigate  the  risk  associated  with  a  loss  of  
positive  control  condition.    The  Menet  Aero  SUAS  Operator  will  establish  a  CAO  
prior  to  all  SUAS  operations  and  will  continually  monitor  it  to  ensure  it  is  not  
compromised.  A  CAO  will  have  the  following  properties:  

    · Lateral  Boundaries:  The  CAO  will  be  limited  to  a  circle  around  the  person  
         maintaining  visual  contact  with  the  aircraft  with  the  radius  of  that  circle  
         being  limited  to  the  farthest  distance  at  which  that  person  has  sufficient  view  

                                                                                                                
1  Pub.  L.  No.  112-95,  sec.  331(6).      

                                              Page  5  of  17  
                                                                                         Menet  Aero,  Inc.  

         of  the  aircraft.  As  a  good  operating  practice,  the  CAO  will  be  no  larger  than  
         the  area  required  for  the  specific  operation.  
    · Vertical  Boundaries:  The  CAO  will  not  exceed  500  feet  AGL  unless  inspecting  
         a  ground-based  structure  more  than  500  feet  in  height  such  as  a  building,  
         bridge  or  antenna.  When  inspecting  a  ground-based  structure  above  500  feet,  
         the  SUAS  will  remain  within  50  meters  (164  feet)  laterally  and  will  fly  no  
         more  than  10  meters  (33  feet)  above  the  highest  point  on  the  structure.  
         Menet  Aero  will  coordinate  with  the  local  ATC  facility  prior  to  conducting  any  
         operations  over  500  feet.  
    · No  one  will  operate  an  SUAS  from  a  moving  platform  with  the  exception  of  
         watercraft.  
    · All  personnel  within  the  CAO  and  the  IAI  will  be  informed  of:  

             o The  purpose  of  the  SUAS  operations,  
             o Where  they  can  expect  the  SUAS  to  be  operating  and  at  what  altitude,  
             o What  they  should  do  to  ensure  their  safety,  
             o Menet  Aero's  privacy  policy,  and  
             o Menet  Aero's  contact  information  for  use  in  the  event  they  have  any  

                  concerns.  
    · No  SUAS  will  be  flown  over  personnel  who  are  not  directly  involved1  in  the  

         operation.  This  does  not  include  personnel  protected  by  a  structure  with  
         sufficient  overhead  cover  to  nullify  the  danger  of  an  SUAS  impact  such  as  a  
         building  or  automobile.  
    · Personnel  directly  involved  in  the  operation  will  be  briefed  by  the  Operator  
         on  the  following  items  in  order  to  reduce  risk  of  injury:  

             o Operating  conditions,  
             o Emergency  procedures,  
             o Contingency  procedures,  
             o Roles  and  responsibilities,  and  
             o Potential  hazards.  
  

Light,  Weather,  and  Visibility  Requirements  
  
Menet  Aero  will  abide  by  the  following  minimum  light,  weather  and  visibility  
requirements  during  all  SUAS  operations:  
  
Daylight  Only  ­  Menet  Aero  will  only  conduct  SUAS  operations  between  the  hours  of  
official  sunrise  and  official  sunset  for  the  location  in  which  they  are  operating.    
  
  

                                                                                                                

  
1  A  person  is  directly  involved  in  the  operation  when  his  or  her  involvement  is  necessary  for  the  safe  
operation  of  the  SUAS.  

  

                                              Page  6  of  17  
                                                                                         Menet  Aero,  Inc.  

Cloud  Clearances  ­  SUAS  will  maintain  a  minimum  of  the  following  distance  
separation  from  clouds:  

    · 500  feet  below  
    · 2000  feet  horizontal  
  
Visibility  
    · 3  Statute  Miles  from  the  control  station  
  
Winds  
    · Unless  otherwise  specified  in  the  SUAS  operator's  manual,  predominant  wind  

         not  to  exceed  80  percent  of  the  SUAS  max  airspeed.  
             o Example:  If  the  SUAS  max  airspeed  is  40  knots,  operations  will  not  
                  commence  if  observed  predominant  winds  are  greater  than  32  knots.    
                  Also,  operations  in  progress  will  terminate  if  predominant  wind  
                  speeds  exceed  32  knots.  
             o Operator  must  exercise  good  judgment  as  UAS  max  airspeed  may  be  
                  affected  by  a  variety  of  factors  such  as  atmospheric  conditions,  low  
                  battery,  and  variation  in  payload.  

Crew  Qualifications  
  
General  
The  Operator  will  serve  in  the  role  of  Pilot  in  Command  (PIC)  for  SUAS  operations.  
Operators  will  report  an  accident  to  the  FAA  within  10  days  of  any  operation  that  
results  in  injury  or  property  damage.  
  
Operator  Licensing  
Until  the  FAA  begins  issuing  UAS  specific  licenses,  all  Operators  will  be  one  of  two  
categories:  

    · FAA  licensed  pilot  with  a  minimum  of  a  private  pilot  endorsement  
    · Military  trained  UAS  Operator  who:  

             o Completed  FAA  private  pilot  ground  school,    
             o Passed  the  FAA  Private  Pilot  written  exam  or  FAA  recognized  

                  equivalent,  and  
             o Possesses  official  documentation  of  military  UAS  training  (e.g.  DA  

                  Form  1059).  
             o Must  be  vetted  by  the  Transportation  Security  Administration.  
  
Operator  Medical  
The  Operator  will  be  required  to  self-certify,  prior  to  all  SUAS  operations  that  they  do  
not  have  a  medical  condition  that  could  interfere  with  the  safe  operation  of  a  small  UAS.  
  
Visual  Observer  
A  Visual  Observer  (VO)  may  be  used  to  assist  the  Operator  in  maintaining  visual  
contact  with  the  SUAS  in  place  of  the  operator.  VOs  are  not  required  to  have  any  
formal  FAA  certification;  however,  the  operator  must  brief  them  on  the  operation  to  

                                              Page  7  of  17  
                                                                                         Menet  Aero,  Inc.  

be  performed  prior  to  commencement.  The  VO  and  operator  are  required  to  remain  
in  contact  throughout  the  operation.  This  can  be  by  unassisted  oral  communication  
or  by  radio  or  other  communication-assisting  device.  
  
Briefer  
To  provide  an  enhanced  level  of  safety,  Menet  Aero  intends  to  establish  a  briefer  
program  where  all  proposed  operations  will  be  reviewed  and  approved  by  an  FAA  
commercially  rated  aviator  (Briefer)  prior  to  commencement.  The  Briefer  will  serve  
as  a  second  set  of  eyes  to  ensure:  

    · All  the  required  prior  coordination  was  done  with  airspace  and  ground  
         owners,    

    · The  forecast  weather  meets  minimum  requirements,    
    · The  number  of  crewmembers  is  sufficient  for  the  proposed  operation,  
    · The  operator  is  qualified,  current,  and  proficient  on  the  SUAS  being  used,  and  
    · There  are  no  NOTAMS,  TFRS,  or  other  advisories  that  will  affect  the  

         operation.  

Aircraft  Performance  Capabilities  &  Design  
  
Since  Menet  Aero  will  be  providing  professional  aviation  services  to  a  variety  of  
industries,  it  is  difficult  to  select  a  single  platform  that  can  accomplish  all  missions.  
In  most  cases  Menet  Aero  will  seek  to  use  proven  off-the-shelf  products  such  as  the  
Sensefly  Ebee,  AgEagle,  and  Falcon  Hover.  Menet  Aero  also  possesses  the  capability  
to  manufacture  highly  specialized  SUAS  built  on  industry  standard  technology  such  
as  DJI  and  3DR  components.  In  order  to  remain  agile  and  ready  to  meet  customer's  
needs  but  also  meet  the  limitations  proposed  in  Part  107  for  SUAS,  Menet  Aero  will  
only  operate  SUAS  that  meet  the  following  criteria:  

    · FAA  airworthiness  certification  is  not  required.  However,  the  Operator  must  
         maintain  a  SUSA  in  condition  for  safe  operation  and  prior  to  flight  must  
         inspect  the  UAS  to  ensure  that  it  is  in  a  condition  for  safe  operation.  

    · All  Menet  Aero  aircraft  will  be  registered  with  the  FAA  in  accordance  with  
         existing  procedures.  Registration  information  will  be  maintained  at  the  
         control  station.  

    · Max  calibrated  airspeed  at  full  power  in  level  flight  will  not  exceed  87  knots  
         (100  mph).  

    · Total  weight  of  the  unmanned  aircraft  will  not  exceed  55  lbs  (25  kg).  
    · Manuals  and  checklists:  

             o All  SUAS  will  have  operator's  manuals  that  include  pre-flight  
                  procedures  that  will  be  executed  by  the  crew  prior  to  each  flight  
                  operation  in  order  to  determine  that  the  SUAS  is  safe  for  operation.    

             o All  SUAS  will  have  emergency  procedure  checklists.  
             o Manuals  and  checklist  will  be  maintained  at  the  control  station  and  

                  must  be  accessible  to  the  Operator  at  all  times.  

                                              Page  8  of  17  
                                                                                         Menet  Aero,  Inc.  
             o Any  of  the  above  manual  and  checklists  that  are  not  provided  by  the  

                  manufacturer  must  be  created  and  thoroughly  vetted  prior  to  
                  performing  any  commercial  operations.    
    · Aircraft  markings  will  be  displayed  on  the  aircraft  in  the  largest  practicable  
         manner  in  accordance  with  14CFR  §45.29(f).  
    · Prior  to  operating  any  SUAS  for  commercial  purposes  in  an  urban  area,  
         Menet  Aero  will  first  conduct  flight  training  in  a  controlled  rural  CAO,  with  
         the  minimum  personnel  required  to  safely  familiarize  Operators  with  the  
         aircraft's  characteristics.  This  includes  but  is  not  limited  to:  
             o Preflight  procedures,  
             o Take  off,  inflight,  and  landing  procedures,  
             o Automated  LPC  settings  (if  available),  and  
             o Emergency  procedures.  
         Only  after  the  Operator  has  confidence  in  both  the  SUAS  and  their  operating  
         proficiency  will  they  perform  operations  in  an  urban  CAO.  
    · Operators  will  ensure  that  the  small  UAS  has  enough  power  to  operate  for  its  
         intended  operational  time  and  an  additional  five  minutes.  The  Operator  will  
         be  required  monitor  power  levels  throughout  the  flight  and  modify  the  
         mission  if  required.  
Privacy  and  Legal  Concerns  
Menet  Aero  only  conducts  UAS  operations  for  legal  purposes.  Menet  Aero  pledges  to  
stay  informed  and  current  on  all  laws  governing  UAS  operations  and  recognizes  
they  may  differ  from  one  locality  to  the  next.  In  the  event  that  there  are  conflicting  
laws  or  regulations,  Menet  Aero  will  abide  by  the  one  that  is  the  most  conservative.  
Should  specific  concerns  arise,  Menet  Aero  will  work  with  all  interested  parties  
involved  to  address  them.  
  

     

                                              Page  9  of  17  
                                                                                         Menet  Aero,  Inc.  

Basis  for  Petition  

Specific  Sections  of  14  C.F.R.  From  Which  Menet  Aero  Seeks  Exemption  
  
Below  follows  a  list  of  specific  sections  from  which  this  exemption  request  relief:  
  

    · 14  CFR  21,  Subpart  H  ­  This  subpart  prescribes  procedural  requirements  for  
         the  issue  of  airworthiness  certificates.  

    · 14  CFR  61.3  (c)  ­  Requirements  for  certificates,  ratings,  and  authorizations.  
         Medical  certificate.  

    · 14  CFR  61.113  ­  Pilot  privileges  and  limitations:  Pilot  in  command.    
         &  14  CFR  61.133  ­  Commercial  pilot  privileges  and  limitations.  

    · 14  CFR  91.9  ­  Civil  aircraft  flight  manual,  marking  and  placard  requirements.  
    · 14  CFR  91.105  ­  Flight  crewmembers  at  stations.  
    · 14  CFR  91.109  ­  Flight  instruction,  simulated  instrument  flight  and  certain  

         flight  tests.  
    · 14  CFR  91.119  ­  Minimum  safe  altitudes:  General.  
    · 14  CFR  91.121  ­  Altimeter  settings  
    · 14  CFR  91.151  ­  Fuel  requirements  for  flight  in  VFR  conditions.  
    · 14  CFR  91.203  (a)  &  (b)  ­  Civil  aircraft:  Certifications  required.  
    · 14  CFR  91.213  ­  Inoperative  instruments  and  equipment.  
    · 14  CFR  91  Subpart  E  ­  Maintenance,  Preventive  Maintenance,  and  Alterations  
  
  

The  Extent  of  Relief  and  the  Reasons  Menet  Aero,  Inc.  Seeks  Relief  
  
Below  is  a  list  of  each  section  of  14  C.F.R.  from  which  Menet  Aero  seeks  relief,  the  
extent  of  the  relief  requested,  and  the  reasoning  behind  the  request:  
  

    · 14  CFR  21,  Subpart  H  ­  This  subpart  prescribes  procedural  requirements  for  
         the  issue  of  airworthiness  certificates.  
             o Menet  Aero  agrees  with  the  FAA  opinion  that  "due  to  their  light  weight,  
                   small  unmanned  aircraft  generally  pose  a  significantly  lower  risk  to  
                  people  and  property  on  the  ground  than  manned  aircraft."1  
             o The  FAA  acknowledges  and  Menet  Aero  agrees  that:  "obtaining  a  type  
                   certificate  and  a  standard  airworthiness  certificate,  which  permits  the  
                   widest  range  of  aircraft  operation,  currently  takes  about  3  to  5  years"  
                   and  "it  is  not  practically  feasible  for  many  small  UAS  manufacturers  to  go  
                   through  the  certification  process  required  of  manned  aircraft.  This  is  
                   because  small  UAS  technology  is  rapidly  evolving  at  this  time,  and  
                   consequently,  if  a  small  UAS  manufacturer  goes  through  a  3-to-5-year  
                   process  to  obtain  a  type  certificate,  which  enables  the  issuance  of  a  

                                                                                                                
1  Reference  NPRM  Draft  SUAS  Law  RIN  2120-AJ60  (15Feb2015)  page  60.  

                                             Page  10  of  17  
                                                                                         Menet  Aero,  Inc.  

                   standard  airworthiness  certificate,  the  small  UAS  would  be  
                   technologically  outdated  by  the  time  it  completed  the  certification  
                  process."1  
             o Additionally,  none  of  the  current  avenues  for  airworthiness  listed  in  
                  14CFR21  Subpart  H  "provide  flexibility  for  most  routine  small  UAS  
                  operations."2  
             o Therefore,  Menet  Aero  requests  relief  from  obtaining  an  
                  airworthiness  certification  for  the  SUAS  it  operates.  
             o To  provide  an  equivalent  level  of  safety,  Menet  Aero  will  require:  

                      § Prior  to  each  flight,  the  Operator  must  inspect  the  small  UAS  to  
                             ensure  that  it  is  in  the  proper  condition  for  safe  operation.  The  
                             Operator  could  do  this,  for  example,  by  performing  a  
                             manufacturer-recommended  preflight  inspection  or  performing  
                             an  on-the-ground  test  of  the  small  UAS  to  determine  whether  
                           safety-critical  systems  and  components  are  working  properly.  

                      § If,  as  a  result  of  the  inspection,  the  Operator  determines  that  the  
                             small  UAS  is  no  longer  in  a  condition  for  safe  operation,  then  they  
                             would  prohibit  the  operation  of  the  small  UAS  until  the  necessary  
                             maintenance  has  been  made  and  the  small  UAS  is  once  again  in  a  
                           condition  for  safe  operation.  

                      § The  Operator  must  discontinue  the  flight  of  the  small,  unmanned  
                             aircraft  when  he  or  she  knows  or  has  reason  to  know  that  
                             continuing  the  flight  would  pose  a  hazard  to  other  aircraft,  
                           people,  or  property.  

                      § If  any  component  or  parts  are  used  in  an  SUAS  are  governed  by  an  
                             airworthiness  directive,  Menet  Aero  will  comply  with  all  
                             applicable  airworthiness  directives  pertaining  to  that  component  
                           or  part.  

    · 14  CFR  61.23  (c)  ­  Medical  certificates:  Requirement  and  duration.  
             o The  FAA  has  proposed  and  Menet  Aero  agrees  that:  "The  primary  
                   reason  for  medical  certification  is  to  determine  if  the  airman  has  a  
                   medical  condition  that  is  likely  to  manifest  as  subtle  or  sudden  
                   incapacitation  that  could  cause  a  pilot  to  lose  positive  control  of  the  
                  aircraft,  or  impair  the  pilots  ability  to  "see  and  avoid."2  
             o Subsequently,  "The  FAA  has  determined  that  traditional  FAA  medical  
                   certification  may  not  be  warranted  for  small  UAS  Operators  subject  to  
                   this  proposed  rule  mainly  because  small  UAS  Operators  and  visual  
                   observers  are  operating  within  a  "confined  area  of  operation,"  and  
                   subject  to  other  operational  limitations,  discussed  previously  in  this  
                   preamble.  This  is  because  the  proposed  visual-line-of-sight  requirement  
                   for  the  Operator  and/or  visual  observer  to  be  able  to  see  the  aircraft's  
                   direction  and  attitude  of  flight  in  the  proposed  rule  is  preferable  to  a  
                   vision  standard.  Even  with  normal  vision  it  is  foreseeable  that  a  small  
                   unmanned  aircraft  may  be  so  small  that  the  operational  space  must  be  

                                                                                                                
1  Reference  NPRM  Draft  SUAS  Law  RIN  2120-AJ60  (15Feb2015)  page  24.  
2  Reference  NPRM  Draft  SUAS  Law  RIN  2120-AJ60  (15Feb2015)  page  115.  

                                             Page  11  of  17  
                                                                                         Menet  Aero,  Inc.  

                   reduced  to  meet  the  operational  requirements  proposed  in  this  rule.  As  
                   such,  prescriptive  medical  standards  may  not  be  as  critical  as  they  are  for  
                   individuals  exercising  pilot  privileges  and  therefore  are  not  proposed  
                  under  this  action."1  
             o Although  most  Menet  Aero  Operators  will  hold  a  medical  certificate  as  a  
                   currency  requirement  for  their  FAA  Private  Pilot  and  Commercial  Pilot  
                   certificates  to  perform  manned  operations,  we  feel  an  equivalent  level  of  
                   safety  can  be  provided  by  the  FAA's  proposal  to  allow:  "operators  (and  
                   Visual  Observers  to)  self-certify,  at  the  time  of  their  airman  application,  
                   that  they  do  not  have  a  medical  condition  that  could  interfere  with  the  
                   safe  operation  of  a  small  UAS.  As  proposed  in  §  107.61(d),  an  applicant  
                   for  an  unmanned  aircraft  operator  certificate  with  a  small  UAS  rating  
                   would  be  ineligible  for  the  certificate  if  he  or  she  knows  or  has  reason  to  
                   know  of  any  physical  or  mental  condition  that  would  interfere  with  the  
                   safe  operation  of  a  small  UAS.  The  FAA  also  proposes,  in  §  107.63(a),  that  
                   the  applicant  be  required  to  make  a  certification  to  that  effect.  Both  of  
                   these  proposed  requirements  are  similar  to  the  regulatory  provision  of  §  
                   61.53(b),  which  prohibits  operations  during  medical  deficiency  for  
                   individuals  conducting  operations  that  do  not  require  a  medical  
                   certificate."  Until  a  formal  procedure  is  established  for  this,  Menet  Aero  
                   will  maintain  a  copy  of  either  an  operator's  FAA  medical  certificate  on  file  
                   or  a  statement  reflecting  the  information  detailed  above.  Additionally,  it  
                   will  be  the  responsibility  of  the  briefer/dispatcher  to  ensure  that  the  
                   individual  self-certifies  they  are  medically  fit  to  prior  to  performing  each  
                  operation.  
    · 14  CFR  61.113  ­  Pilot  privileges  and  limitations:  Pilot  in  command.    
         &  14  CFR  61.133  ­  Commercial  pilot  privileges  and  limitations.  
             o There  is  currently  no  FAA  endorsement  specifically  for  UAS  operators.  
                  Menet  Aero  plans  to  use  operators  who  have  a  minimum  of  a  private  
                  pilots  certificate  or  military  trained  UAS  Operators  that  have:    

                      § Completed  FAA  private  pilot  ground  school,    
                      § Passed  the  FAA  Private  Pilot  written  exam  or  FAA  recognized  

                           equivalent,  and  
                      § Possesses  official  documentation  of  military  UAS  training  (ex:  

                           DA  Form  1059).  
             o Since  the  aircraft  cannot  carry  passengers  or  property,  we  feel  we  

                  meet  the  intent  of  61.113  Subparagraph  (b),  even  though  the  intent  of  
                  this  application  is  to  conduct  a  business.  
             o To  provide  an  equivalent  level  of  safety,  Menet  Aero  intends  to  
                  establish  a  briefer  program  where  all  proposed  operations  would  be  
                  reviewed  and  approved  by  a  commercially  rated  aviator  (Briefer)  
                  prior  to  commencement,  as  described  previously  in  this  document.  

                                                                                                                
1  Reference  NPRM  Draft  SUAS  Law  RIN  2120-AJ60  (15Feb2015)  page  115.  

                                             Page  12  of  17  
                                                                                         Menet  Aero,  Inc.  

             o At  which  time  an  FAA  SUAS  certification  becomes  available,  all  Menet  
                  Aero  Operators  will  seek  that  endorsement  and  will  abide  by  the  
                  associated  regulatory  requirements  as  soon  as  practicable.1  

    · 14  CFR  91.9  -  Civil  aircraft  flight  manual,  marking,  and  placard  requirements.  
             o With  a  max  weight  of  55  lbs.,  SUAS  are  too  small  to  carry  
                  documentation,  they  don't  have  an  entrance,  and  are  not  capable  of  
                  carrying  passengers  or  crew.  Therefore,  placing  an  aircraft  manual  on  
                  board  an  SUAS  is  not  feasible.  
             o To  provide  an  equivalent  level  of  safety,  Menet  Aero  will  maintain  an  
                  aircraft  manual  at  the  control  station  so  that  the  Operator  may  access  
                  it  at  any  time.  
             o In  addition  to  the  registration  number  being  placed  on  the  aircraft  in  
                  accordance  with  14CFR  §45.29(f),  Menet  Aero  will  affix  a  placard  on  
                  each  aircraft  that  identifies:  
                      § The  owner  of  the  SUAS,  
                      § The  manufacturer,  model,  and  serial  number  of  the  SUAS,  
                      § The  FAA  registration  number,  and  
                      § The  owner's  address  and  telephone  number.  

    · 14  CFR  91.105  ­  Flight  crewmembers  at  stations.  
             o Since  the  aircraft  is  unmanned,  there  are  no  crew  stations  that  require  
                  safety  belts.  
             o To  provide  an  equivalent  level  of  safety  and  to  meet  the  intent  of  this  
                  section,  crewmembers  will  position  themselves  where  ever  they  deem  
                  appropriate  to  ensure  the  safest  operation  possible.  This  includes  
                  taking  into  account  visual  line  of  sight  requirements  and  areas  of  
                  probable  contact  hazards  such  as  takeoff  or  landing  areas.  

    · 14  CFR  91.109  ­  Flight  instruction;  simulated  instrument  flight  and  certain  
         flight  tests.  
             o For  the  purposes  of  flight  instruction,  few  (if  any)  SUAS  have  a  set  of  
                  fully  functioning  dual  controls;  however,  the  controls  can  be  quickly  
                  transferred  from  a  student  to  an  instructor  in  the  event  of  an  
                  emergency.  
             o As  previously  mentioned,  due  to  the  limitations  stated  in  the  "Aircraft  
                  performance  capabilities  &  design"  section  of  this  document,  Menet  
                  Aero  believes  that  SUAS  do  not  exhibit  the  same  level  of  risk  as  
                  manned  aircraft.  Additionally,  that  risk  can  further  be  mitigated  
                  through  the  "Operational  Guidelines"  established  in  this  document.    
             o Given  this  information,  Menet  Aero  believes  it  achieves  an  equivalent  
                  level  of  safety  as  would  be  achieved  with  a  "functioning  throwover  
                  control  wheel"  as  detailed  in  14  CFR  91.109    

                                                                                                                
1  Although  obtaining  FAA  SUAS  certification  is  a  high  priority  of  Menet  Aero,  we  
recognize  that  high  demand  may  not  allow  for  instant  certification.  To  keep  from  
paralyzing  operations  Menet  Aero  pledges  to  pursue  certification  as  soon  as  
possible  in  exchange  for  leniency  while  conforming  to  new  regulatory  requirements.  

                                             Page  13  of  17  
                                                                                    Menet  Aero,  Inc.  

· 14  CFR  91.119  ­  Minimum  safe  altitudes:  General.  
         o In  general,  Menet  Aero  request  to  operate  at  500  feet  and  below  at  all  
             times  with  the  exception  of  inspecting  a  ground-based  structure  in  
             excess  of  500  feet.  When  inspecting  a  ground-based  structure  above  
             500  feet,  the  SUAS  will  remain  within  50  meters  (164  feet)  laterally  
             and  will  fly  no  more  than  10  meters  (33  feet)  above  the  highest  point  
             on  the  structure.  Menet  Aero  will  coordinate  with  the  local  ATC  
             facility  prior  to  conducting  any  operations  over  500  feet.  Since  no  
             aircraft  should  be  operating  this  close  to  a  ground-based  structure,  
             our  proposed  operations  should  present  minimal  risk  to  manned  
             aircraft.  
         o To  de-conflict  with  helicopters,  Menet  Aero  will  maintain  
             relationships  with  all  known  rotary-wing  operators  in  the  operation  
             area.  Prior  to  any  operation  Menet  Aero  will  send  a  notification  to  
             those  operators  to  let  them  know  of  the  proposed  location,  times,  and  
             SUAS  Operator  contact  information.  
         o By  implementing  the  controls  listed  above  and  in  the  "Operation  
             Guidelines"  section  of  this  document,  Menet  Aero  feels  they  can  
             provide  a  level  of  safety  greater  than  those  listed  in  this  section.  

· 14  CFR  91.121  ­  Altimeter  settings  
         o Most  UAS  do  not  have  the  ability  to  adjust  altimeter  settings.  
             Additionally,  many  UAS  use  GPS  to  determine  altitude.    In  both  cases,  
             it  is  impossible  to  comply  with  14  CFR  91.121  
         o Since  operations  occur  within  a  confined  area  of  operations  and  they  
             are  usually  less  than  one  hour  in  duration,  it  is  unnecessary  to  update  
             altimeter  settings  once  a  base  altitude  has  been  established.  
         o To  provide  an  equivalent  level  of  safety  the  Operator  will  determine  
             the  altitude  reading  at  the  point  of  takeoff  and  use  that  to  determine  
             the  altitude  of  the  aircraft  throughout  the  flight  abiding  to  the  altitude  
             limitations  listed  above.  They  must  also  take  into  account  rising  or  
             falling  terrain  to  maintain  within  the  prescribed  altitudes.    

· 14  CFR  91.151  ­  Fuel  requirements  for  flight  in  VFR  conditions.  
         o Currently,  most  SUAS  currently  have  flight  time  limited  to  30  minutes  
             or  less.  Therefore,  it  is  impractical  to  maintain  a  20  or  30-minute  fuel  
             reserve.  
         o The  FAA  proposes  and  Menet  Aero  endorses  that:  "Proposed  §  
             107.49(a)(4)  would  require  a  small  UAS  Operator  to  ensure  that,  if  
             powered,  the  small  UAS  has  enough  power  to  operate  for  its  intended  
             operational  time  and  an  additional  five  minutes.  The  5-minute  buffer  
             would  ensure  that  the  small  UAS  has  sufficient  power  to  return  to  the  
             Operator,  or  another  location,  and  be  able  to  make  a  controlled  
             landing.  Additionally,  control  inputs  to  a  small  UAS  may  degrade  as  
             batteries  lose  charge  because  power  to  the  flight  control  system(s)  
             may  be  lost.  Accordingly  this  proposed  rule  would  help  to  ensure  that  
             the  small  UAS  remains  controllable  throughout  its  intended  

                                         Page  14  of  17  
                                                                                         Menet  Aero,  Inc.  

                  operational  time.  The  FAA  notes  that  a  small  UAS  travelling  at  10  
                  miles  per  hour  would  be  able  to  cover  nearly  one  mile  in  5  minutes."1  
             o Menet  Aero  believes  that  operating  with  a  5  minute  buffer  would  
                  provide  a  equivalent  level  of  safety  as  presented  in  14  CFR  91.151  
    · 14  CFR  91.203  (a)  &  (b)  ­  Civil  aircraft:  Certifications  required.  
             o As  previously  mentioned,  Menet  Aero  petitions  to  be  waived  from  the  
                  airworthiness  requirements  of  14  CFR  21  Subpart  H  for  the  reasons  
                  listed  above.  
             o Since  the  SUAS  operated  by  Menet  Aero  will  not  be  issued  an  
                  airworthiness  certificate,  none  will  be  available  to  meet  this  
                  requirement.  
             o With  a  max  weight  of  55  lbs,  SUAS  are  too  small  to  carry  
                  documentation,  they  don't  have  an  entrance,  and  are  not  capable  of  
                  carrying  passengers  or  crew.  
             o To  provide  an  equivalent  level  of  safety,  Menet  Aero  will  maintain  all  
                  required  documentation  at  the  control  station  for  review  if  requested.  
    · 14  CFR  91.213  ­  Inoperative  instruments  and  equipment  
             o As  previously  mentioned,  Menet  Aero  petitions  to  be  waived  from  the  
                  airworthiness  requirements  of  14  CFR  21  Subpart  H  for  the  reasons  
                  listed  above.  If  approved,  Menet  Aero  will  not  be  able  to  meet  the  
                  requirements  of  14  CFR  91.213.  
             o To  provide  an  equivalent  level  of  safety,  Menet  Aero  will  prepare  a  
                  Minimum  Equipment  List  for  each  aircraft  it  operates  that  which  
                  instruments  and  equipment  are  essential  for  safe  operations  under  all  
                  operating  conditions.  These  items  will  be  checked  during  preflight  
                  and  if  any  are  found  to  be  inoperative  or  unreliable,  the  SUAS  will  be  
                  prohibited  from  taking  off  until  the  deficiency  is  corrected.  
    · 14  CFR  91  Subpart  E  ­  Maintenance,  Preventive  Maintenance,  and  Alterations  
             o Regulations  require  that  aircraft  be  maintained  in  accordance  with  14  
                  CFR  39  and  43,  which  apply  to  aircraft  and  components  issued  an  
                  airworthiness  certificate.  Since  Menet  Aero  is  requesting  that  our  
                  SUAS  be  exempt  from  requiring  an  airworthiness  certificate,  we  
                  request  exemption  to  14  CFR  91  Subpart  E.  This  does  not  apply  to  any  
                  components  used  that  are  governed  by  an  airworthiness  certificate.  
             o To  provide  an  equivalent  level  of  safety,  Menet  Aero  plans  to  establish  
                  a  maintenance  program  that  mirrors  the  one  in  use  by  the  US  Army  
                  Aviation  program.  The  intent  is  to  track  the  usage,  repair,  and  
                  component  failure  rates  of  our  SUAS  fleet  with  the  overall  goal  of  
                  developing  a  preventative  maintenance  program  and  associated  
                  operational  procedures  (including  preflight  and  periodic  checks)  to  
                  enhance  overall  safety.  This  is  intended  to  be  a  shared  responsibility  
                  between  the  SUAS  Operators,  designated  maintainers,  and  
                  maintenance  supervisors.    

                                                                                                                
1  Reference  NPRM  Draft  SUAS  Law  RIN  2120-AJ60  (15Feb2015)  page  95.  

                                             Page  15  of  17  
                                                                                         Menet  Aero,  Inc.  

Why  Granting  Menet  Aero,  Inc.'s  Request  Would  Be  in  the  Public  Interest  
  
The  FAA  and  Congress  have  already  acknowledged  that  there  are  many  potential  
societal  and  economic  benefits  to  SUAS  operations.  The  largest  hurdle  has  been  
integrating  this  new  technology  safely  into  the  existing  NAS  environment.  Menet  
Aero  is  comprised  of  a  team  of  professional  aviators  who  have  thousands  of  hours  
and  decades  of  experience  planning  and  performing  operations  inside  the  NAS  and  
other  complex  airspace.  As  such,  we  want  to  make  it  our  business  to  operate  SUAS  
as  safely  and  efficiently  as  possible  and  not  jeopardize  the  safety  of  our  fellow  
aviators.  Menet  Aero  therefore  intends  to  be  a  proactive  organization  in  terms  of  
coordinating  with  the  FAA  and  other  stakeholders  to  help  alleviate  potential  
regulatory,  workload  and  coordination  challenges  that  could  affect  SUAS  ability  to  
safely  and  routinely  operate  in  the  NAS.  
  
Furthermore,  since  SUAS  technology  is  still  in  its  infancy,  Menet  Aero  will  be  seeking  
partnerships  with  universities,  non-profit  organizations,  and  academic  
organizations  to  increase  positive  public  awareness  of  responsible  SUAS  use  and  
seek  opportunities  to  advance  potentially  society-benefiting  applications  such  as  
those  involving  precision  agriculture.  Additionally,  Menet  Aero  has  deep  ties  to  the  
National  Guard,  State  Departments  of  Emergency  Management,  and  other  federal  
emergency  organizations,  such  as  FEMA.  It  is  our  goal  to  be  able  to  work  with  these  
organizations  to  develop  plans  to  safely  integrate  SUAS  into  emergency  planning  in  
order  to  leverage  their  unique  and  economical  capabilities  in  the  hopes  of  saving  
lives  in  a  natural  disaster  scenario,  such  as  was  attempted  during  a  Mudslide  in  
Colorado  on  May  25,  20141.  The  ability  to  contribute  positively  in  this  type  of  
situation  requires  prior  planning  and  coordination  across  several  agencies.  Granting  
Menet  Aero  this  exemption  will  allow  us  to  build  those  relationships  and  test  
procedures  so  that  we  can  be  counted  on  when  lives  are  on  the  line.  

Summary  for  Federal  Register  
  
Menet  Aero,  Inc.  seeks  exemption  from  the  requirements  of  14  CFR  21,  Subpart  H,  
14  CFR  61.3  ©,  14  CFR  61.113  &  14  CFR  61.133,  14  CFR  91.9,  14  CFR  91.105,  14  CFR  
91.109,  14  CFR  91.119,  14  CFR  91.121,  14  CFR  91.151,  14  CFR  91.203  (a)  &  (b),  14  
CFR  91.213,  and  14  CFR  91  Subpart  E.  
  
This  exemption  will  allow  Menet  Aero,  Inc.  to  operate  Unmanned  Aerial  Systems  
(UAS)  for  commercial  and  non-recreational  purposes  over  various  areas  within  the  
United  States.  Menet  Aero  is  a  team  of  experienced  aviation  personnel  whose  goal  is  
to  provide  manned  and  unmanned  aviation  services  to  a  variety  of  industries  and  
organizations  under  the  experienced  and  watchful  oversight  of  professional  
aviators.  Our  core  business  focus  is  providing  our  clients  and  partners  with  the  most  
economical  aviation  solutions  to  meet  their  needs  while  not  compromising  the  
                                                                                                                
1  Reference:  http://www.cpr.org/news/story/how-mesa-county-used-drones-
search-and-rescue-efforts-after-landslide    

                                             Page  16  of  17  
                                                                                         Menet  Aero,  Inc.  

safety  or  integrity  of  the  National  Airspace  System  (NAS).  UAS  operations  conducted  
by  Menet  Aero  will  benefit  the  public  as  a  whole  by  allowing  commercial  entities,  
public  agencies,  and  research  institutions  access  to  potentially  game-changing  
technology  with  the  oversight  of  those  intimately  familiar  with  FAA  regulated  
operations.  

Additional  Information,  View,  or  Arguments  to  Support  Menet  Aero's  Request  
  
To  further  illustrate  the  potential  societal  and  economic  benefit  of  using  an  SUAS  
versus  a  traditional  manned  platform  in  a  natural  disaster  scenario  such  as  search  
and  rescue,  it  is  worth  noting  that  the  2014  rate  of  reimbursement  for  the  use  of  a  
National  Guard  UH-60  Blackhawk  helicopter  during  an  emergency  ranges  from  
$3,496  to  $5,253  per  hour,  depending  on  the  model.1  If  a  SUAS  were  employed,  the  
reimbursement  rate  is  more  likely  to  be  less  than  $100  per  hour.  Additionally,  the  
imagery  gather  by  an  SUAS  can  be  electronically  distributed  via  cloud  technology  
and  scoured  over  by  hundreds  of  eyes,  versus  being  limited  to  the  just  the  crew  of  a  
traditionally  manned  search  and  rescue  platform.  With  technologies  such  as  3D  
terrain  mapping,  SUAS  can  bring  a  level  of  situational  awareness  to  FEMA  planners  
that  was  not  previously  routinely  available.  This  presents  an  opportunity  to  more  
effectively  employ  manned  aviation  assets  by  pinpointing  their  search  efforts  based  
of  the  information  gathered  with  SUAS  assets,  as  well  as  by  providing  better  
assessments  of  the  operational  environment.    

Conclusion  

  
As  presented  above,  Menet  Aero,  Inc.  seeks  an  exemption  pursuant  to  14  CFR  11.61  
and  Section  333  of  the  FAA  Modernization  and  Reform  Act  of  2012.  This  will  permit  
the  safe  operation  of  various  SUAS  commercially  and  non-recreationally,  without  
and  airworthiness  certificate,  for  the  purposes  of  providing  business,  research  
institutions,  and  government  agencies  access  to  the  most  economical  aviation  
solutions  to  meet  their  needs,  while  not  compromising  the  safety  or  integrity  of  the  
National  Airspace  System.  By  granting  this  petition,  the  FAA  Administrator  will  be  
fulfilling  the  Congressional  mandate  of  the  FAA  Modernization  and  Reform  Act  of  
2012,  while  also  advancing  the  interests  of  the  public.  

                                                                                                                
1  Reference:  Office  of  the  Secretary  of  Defense  Memo;  Subject:  Fiscal  Year  2014  
Department  of  Defense  Fixed  Wing  and  Helicopter  Reimbursement  Rates  
http://comptroller.defense.gov/Portals/45/documents/rates/fy2014/2014_f_h.pdf  
  

                                             Page  17  of  17  
