August 14, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12469
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­2197

Mr. Tim Cutshaw
Mesa Associates, Inc.
9238 Madison Boulevard
Madison, AL 35758

Dear Mr. Cutshaw:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated May 21, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of Mesa Associates, Inc. (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption. The
petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct utility
infrastructure and equipment inspection.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner are the Aeryon SkyRanger, Aibotix X6, PrecisionHawk
Lancaster Hawkeye, and the Pulse Aerospace Vapor 35 1.

1 The petitioner also proposed to operate the InstantEye Mk2 Gen 3 and the Pulse Aerospace Vapor. The FAA
must conduct an assessment on these aircraft, which also includes a finding that the proposed UAS meet the
conditions in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95. When the FAA completes its review, we will proceed
accordingly and no further action will be required by the petitioner.
                                                                                                                 2

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection2. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

· They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

· The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

· A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Mesa Associates, Inc. is granted an exemption from
14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c),
91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to

2 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                                                 3

the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Mesa Associates, Inc. is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the Aeryon
         SkyRanger, Aibotix X6, PrecisionHawk Lancaster Hawkeye, and the Pulse Aerospace
         Vapor 35 when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations
         of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
         must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
                                                                                                            4

    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
                                                                                                            5

    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
                                                                                       6

exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial

    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
                                                                                               7

reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
    as documented in this grant of exemption.

30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
    exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
    District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
    notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
    must include at least the following:
      a. Dates and times for all flights;
      b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
          under this grant of exemption;
      c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
          the UAS;
      d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
      e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
      f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
          and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
          who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
      g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
      h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
          town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
          essential to accomplish the operation.

31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
    consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
    exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                      8

This exemption terminates on August 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.
Sincerely,

John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
                                                                   9238 Madison Blvd |Building 2|Suite 116| Madison, AL 35758

                                                Phone: (256)258-2100 |Fax: (256)258-2103 |Website: WWW.MESAINC.COM

                                                                                                                         Section 333 Exemption Request

                                                                                                                                                      Page | 1

May 21, 2015

United States Department of Transportation
Docket Management System
1200 New Jersey Avenue SE
West Building Ground Floor, Room W12-140
Washington, DC 20590

Re: Exemption Request Pursuant To Section 333 of the FAA Reform Act of 2012

Dear Administrators:

Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 and 14 C.F.R. Part 11, Mesa Associates, Inc.
(Mesa) is seeking exemption to safely operate commercial unmanned aerial vehicles or UAS under the conditions of this
petition or as established by the FAA. The UAS operations proposed in this petition will be consistent with previously
granted UAS Section 333 exemptions and FAA guidance.

Applicant Information:
         Mesa Associates, Inc.
         Attn: Tim Cutshaw
         9238 Madison Blvd. Building 2 Suite 116
         Madison, AL 35758
         Phone: (865) 604-5402
         Email: tcutshaw@mesainc.com

In business for twenty seven years, Mesa is a diverse engineering company with its corporate office located in Madison, AL.
Additionally, we have five offices in the southeast, three offices on the west coast, and one on the east coast. Mesa has
specialized talent in electrical substation and transmission line design and inspection, power generation, industrial
facilities, and general critical infrastructure for the well-being of the nation.

Mesa seeks Section 333 exemption to provide the following services to our public and private clients. Mesa has developed
safe operating practices to provide UAS inspection services including but not limited to:

         1) Utility infrastructure and equipment including but not limited to substations power lines and towers,
         transmission power lines and towers, distribution towers, pipelines, and flare stacks.
         2) Wind turbine blades and other structural aspects;
         3) Solar power panels and structures;
         4) Hydro power structures;
         5) Fossil power structures;
         6) Post storm damage assessment;
         7) Real-estate and land surveying assessments;
         8) Vegetation and line clearance for tree trimming near the infrastructure;
         9) Environmental studies;
         10) Industrial site inspection and monitoring;
         11) Telemetry equipment such as cellular communications networks and structures;
         12) Emergency response including search and rescue
                                                 9238 Madison Blvd |Building 2|Suite 116| Madison, AL 35758
                              Phone: (256)258-2100 |Fax: (256)258-2103 |Website: WWW.MESAINC.COM

                                                                                                  Section 333 Exemption Request
                                                                                                                               Page | 2

The reason for such a broad exemption request is that Mesa hopes to utilize our experience to enhance public safety in our
typical service areas arising in the future without the processing time associated with requesting additional section 333
exemptions. The requested exemptions would permit Mesa to operate small, unmanned UASs under conditions that are
1) limited, 2) controlled, and 3) would provide safety enhancements over conventional aircraft. Approval of this exemption
would thereby enhance safety to the public and fulfill the FAA'S responsibilities to establish requirements for the safe
operation of such aircraft systems in the national airspace system.

Specific Sections of 14 CFR from which Mesa seeks an exemption:
Several regulations have been previously determined by other granted exemptions either not to be applicable or not to
require relief, so these will not be addressed. The petitioner will accept any conditions and limitations as previous
exemptions.

· 14 C.F.R. Part 21           Certification procedures for products and parts
· 14 C.F.R. 45.23(b)          Display of marks
· 14 C.F.R. 61.113 (a) & (b)  Commercial pilot privileges and limitations
· 14 C.F.R. 91.7 (a)          Civil aircraft airworthiness
· 14 C.F.R. 91.9 (b) (2)      Civil aircraft flight manual, marking, and placard requirements
· 14 C.F.R. 91.103            Preflight action
· 14 C.F.R. 91.109            Flight instruction; simulated instrument flight and certain flight tests
· 14 C.F. R. 91.119           Minimum safe altitudes
· 14 C.F.R. 91.121            Altimeter settings
· 14 C.F.R. 91.151 (a)        Fuel requirements for flight in VFR conditions
· 14 C.F.R. 91.203 (a) & (b)  Civil aircraft: Certifications required
· 14 C.F.R. 91.405 (a)        Maintenance required
· 14 C.F.R. 407 (a) (1)       Operation after maintenance
· 14 C.F.R. 409 (a) (2)       Inspections
· 14 C.F.R. 417 (a) & (b)     Maintenance records

If granted a section 333 exemption, Mesa will operate UAS's weighing less than 55lbs including payload, operate under
normal conditions at speeds allowed per a section 333 exemption. Our UAS's will operate only in line of sight and will
operate only within a sterile area. Such operations will insure that our UAS's will "not create a hazard to users of the
national airspace system or the public." It's Mesa's intention to preform our operations safely and in the best interest of
the public. Inspection with UAS will provide a more efficient, thorough and safer means of inspection.
Mesa proposes to operate InstantEye (Mk2 Gen3) a small Unmanned Aircraft System (sUAS) manufactured by Physical
Science Inc. weighing significantly less than 55lbs including payload. Mesa anticipates future purchases and requests
section 333 exemptions to operate Aeryon SkyRanger, Aibotix X6, PrecisionHawk Lancaster Hawkeye, and Pulse Aerospace
(Vapor 35 and Vapor 55) in compliance with Section 333 regulations. All Mesa UASs will operate, under normal conditions,
at speeds of less than 100 mph and have the capability to move in the vertical and horizontal plane simultaneously. Mesa's
UASs will be operated only in line of sight and only within a controlled area. Thus, insuring Mesa's UAS will not create a
hazard to users of the national airspace system or the public. Given the small size of Mesa's UASs involved and the
restricted controlled environment which Mesa's UASs will operate, Mesa falls within that zone of safety (an equivalent
level of safety) in which Congress envisioned that the FAA, by exemption, allow commercial operations of UASs to operate.
Also, due to the size of Mesa's UASs and the controlled areas in which Mesa's UASs will operate, approval of the
application presents no national security issue. Under Section 333 of the Reform Act, the authority contained in the
Federal Aviation Act, the equivalent level of safety surrounding the proposed operations, and the public benefit, including
                                                                   9238 Madison Blvd |Building 2|Suite 116| Madison, AL 35758

                                                Phone: (256)258-2100 |Fax: (256)258-2103 |Website: WWW.MESAINC.COM

                                                                                                                         Section 333 Exemption Request

                                                                                                                                                      Page | 3

enhanced safety, reduction in environmental impacts, including reduced emissions associated with allowing UASs, the
grant of the requested exemptions is in the public's interest.

Mesa proposes that the exemption requested apply to civil aircraft that have the characteristics and that operate with the
limitations listed. These limitations provide for at least an equivalent or even higher level of safety to operations under the
current regulatory structure because the proposed operations represent a safety enhancement to the existing safe
operations conducted with conventional aircraft. These limitations and conditions to which Mesa agrees to be bound when
conducting commercial operations under an FAA issued exemption include:

1. Mesa's UAS will weigh less than 55 pounds (25 kg).
2. Mesa's UAS will be operated at a speed of no more than 100 mph.
3. Flights will be operated within visual line of sight of a pilot.
4. UAS operations will occur during daylight hours only.
5. No person may act as an operator or VO for more than one unmanned aircraft operation at a time.
6. Minimum crew for each operation will consist of Mesa's UAS Operator and a Visual Observer.
7. Mesa's UAS Operator will be Pilot in Command (PIC) with an FAA sports pilot's certificate or higher and shall have
completed the required FAA training, UAS manufacturer training, and have a valid driver's license. The PIC will be trained
in flight, operations, and safety procedures as detailed in the Flight Manual.
9. Mesa's UAS will only operate within a confined controlled area of the flight operations area.
10. Maximum total flight time for each operational flight will be 30 minutes. Flights will be terminated at 20% battery
power reserve, should that occur prior to the 30 minute limit.
11. A mandatory briefing will be conducted in regard to the planned UAS operations prior to each day's activities.
12. The operator will obtain consent of all persons involved and ensure that only consenting persons will be allowed within
100 feet of the flight operation, and this radius may be reduced to 30 feet based upon an equivalent level of safety
determination.
14. PIC and VO will at all times be able to communicate by voice.
15. PIC will conduct preflight inspections to ensure Mesa's UAS is safe for operation.
16. Flights will be operated at an altitude less than 400 feet AGL.
17. Mesa's UAS will only operate in Class G airspace.
18. Any site within 5 miles of an airport will not be flown without notification and approval of the local FAA Flight
Standards District Office (FSDO) and airport controller.
19. All required permissions and permits will be obtained from relevant property owners, territorial, state, county, or city
jurisdictions, including local law enforcement, fire, or other appropriate governmental agencies.
20. If Mesa's UAS loses communication or GPS signal, it will have capability to return and land to a pre-determined location
within the Security Perimeter.
21. Mesa's UAS will have the capability to abort a flight in case of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

The Relief Mesa's Seeks and the Reason for Relief.
14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H: Airworthiness Certificates 14 C.F.R. 91.203 (a) (1).
Part 21 Subpart H, entitled Airworthiness Certificates, sets forth the procedural requirements for the issuance of
airworthiness certificates as required by 14 C.F.R. 91.203 (a) (1). Given the limited size, weight, and operating area
associated with Mesa's UAS to be utilized by Mesa, an exemption from Part 21, Subpart H meets the requirements of an
equivalent level of safety under Part 11 and Section 333 of the Reform Act. The Federal Aviation Act and Section 333 of the
Reform Act authorize the FAA to exempt aircraft from the requirement for an airworthiness certificate, upon consideration
of the size, weight, speed, operational capability, and proximity to airports and populated areas of the particular UAS.
                                                                   9238 Madison Blvd |Building 2|Suite 116| Madison, AL 35758

                                                Phone: (256)258-2100 |Fax: (256)258-2103 |Website: WWW.MESAINC.COM

                                                                                                                         Section 333 Exemption Request

                                                                                                                                                      Page | 4

UASs operated by Mesa weigh less than 55 pounds fully loaded, carries no pilot or passenger, carries no explosive
materials or flammable liquid fuels, and operates exclusively within a secured area. Operations under this exemption will
be controlled and monitored by the operator and in compliance with the conditions of this document and also in
compliance with any local public safety requirements. The FAA will have advance notice of all operations through a COA or
operate under the "blanket" 200-foot COA. In this case, an analysis of these criteria demonstrates that Mesa's UAS
operated with an airworthiness certificate, in the restricted environment and under the conditions proposed, will be at
least as safe, or safer, than a conventional aircraft (fixed wing or rotorcraft) operating with an airworthiness certificate
without the restrictions and conditions proposed.

14 C.F.R. 45.23 (b). Marking of the Aircraft.
14 C.F.R. 45.23 prescribes that when marks include only the Roman capital letter "N" and the registration number is
displayed on limited, restricted, or light-sport category aircraft or experimental or provisionally certificated aircraft, the
operator must also display on that aircraft near each entrance to the cabin, cockpit, or pilot station, in letters not less than
2 inches nor more than 6 inches high, the words "limited," "restricted," "light-sport," "experimental," or "provisional," as
applicable. An exemption may be needed as Mesa's UAS will have no entrance to the cabin, cockpit, or pilot station on
which the word "Experimental" can be placed. Given the size of the UAV, 2-inch lettering will not be possible. An
equivalent level of safety will be the word "Experimental," at a size that is as large as practicable, will be placed on the
fuselage in compliance with Section 45.29 (f). Additionally, Mesa will mark its UASs with its company name and contact
information.

14 C.F.R. 61.113 (a) & (b): Private Pilot Privileges and Limitations: Pilot in Command.
Sections 61.113 (a) & (b) limit private pilots to non-commercial operations. Because Mesa's UAS will not carry a pilot or
passengers, the proposed operations can achieve the equivalent level of safety of current operations by requiring the PIC
operating the aircraft to have successfully completed, at a minimum, FAA sport pilot ground instruction and passed the
FAA Sport Pilot written examination or other FAA recognized equivalent training. The PIC will have also completed a
manufacturer's training program for the model the PIC will be operating. Additionally, the PIC will have been vetted by the
TSA by obtaining a Known Traveler Number which comes along with TSA Pre status, and possess a valid driver's license
from the state of the PIC's domicile. Unlike a conventional aircraft that carries the pilot and passengers, UAS's are
remotely controlled with no living thing on board. The area of operation is controlled and restricted, and all flights are
planned and coordinated in advance. The level of safety provided by these requirements will be at least as safe, or safer,
than that provided by a single individual holding a commercial pilot's certificate operating a conventional aircraft. The risks
associated with the operation of a UAS are diminished from the level of risk associated with commercial operations
contemplated by Part 61, when drafted, that allowing operations of Mesa's UAS as requested with FAA ground instruction
and manufacturer's training exceeds the present level of safety achieved by 14 C.F.R. 61.113 (a) & (b).

14 C.F.R. 91.7(a): Civil aircraft airworthiness. Check for no airworthiness
The regulation requires that no person may operate a civil aircraft unless it is in airworthy condition. Because airworthiness
certificate has been issued for the aircraft, no FAA regulatory standard exists for determining airworthiness. Given the size
of the aircraft and the requirements contained in the Petitioner's Operations Manual for the use of an inspection checklist
prior to each flight, an equivalent level of safety will be provided.

14 C.F.R. 91.9 (b) (2): Civil Aircraft Flight Manual in the Aircraft.
Section 91.9 (b) (2) provides that no person may operate a U.S.-registered civil aircraft . . . . (2) For which an Airplane or
Rotorcraft Flight Manual is not required by Section 21.5 of this chapter, unless there is available in the aircraft a current
approved airplane or Rotorcraft Flight Manual, approved manual material, markings, and placards, or any combination
thereof. UAS's given their size and configuration, have no ability or place to carry such a flight manual on the aircraft, not
only because there is no pilot on board, but because there is no room or capacity to carry such an item on the aircraft. The
                                                                   9238 Madison Blvd |Building 2|Suite 116| Madison, AL 35758

                                                Phone: (256)258-2100 |Fax: (256)258-2103 |Website: WWW.MESAINC.COM

                                                                                                                         Section 333 Exemption Request

                                                                                                                                                      Page | 5

equivalent level of safety will be maintained by keeping Mesa's UAS flight manual at the ground control point where the
PIC operating Mesa's UAS will have immediate access to it.

14 C.F.R. 91.103: Preflight action.
This regulation requires each pilot in command to take certain actions before flight to insure the safety of flight.
Because FAA-approved UAS flight manuals will not be provided for the aircraft, an exemption will be needed. An
exemption is requested from this requirement as the PIC will take separate preflight actions, including checking the
condition of Mesa's UAS, checking flight battery requirements, weather conditions, checking takeoff and landing distances,
and all other actions in the User Guide and safety checklists providing an equivalent level of safety.

14 C.F.R. 91.109: Flight instruction.
Section 91.109 provides that no person may operate a civil aircraft (except a manned free balloon) that is being used for
flight instruction unless that aircraft has fully functioning dual controls. UASs, by their design, do not have fully functional
dual controls. Flight control is accomplished through the use of a controls that communicate with the aircraft via radio
communications. The equivalent level of safety provided by the fact that neither a pilot nor passengers will be carried in
the aircraft and by the size and speed of the aircraft.

14 C.F.R. 91.119: Minimum safe altitudes.
Section 91.119 establishes safe altitudes for operation of civil aircraft. Section 91.119 (c) limits aircraft flying over areas
other than congested areas to 500 ft AGL. Over sparsely populated areas, aircraft cannot be operated closer than 500 feet
of any person, vessel, or structure. This exemption is requested for minimum safe altitudes as Mesa proposes to operate
its UASs below 400 ft AGL. As set forth herein, Mesa's UAS will operate below 400 ft AGL. An equivalent level of safety will
be achieved given the size, weight, and speed of Mesa's UAS, as well as the location where it is operated. Mesa requests
modification, waiver or exemption and/or clarification concerning the terms "congested areas" and "densely populated".
Mesa requests waiver for this condition to allow reasonable and responsible operations with safety in areas of subdivisions
and neighborhoods if required. Additionally, Mesa proposes to conduct flights on property owned by, or property under a
utility easement that may lie in areas considered to be "congested". These flights will be hovering flights at or near zero
ground speed, and at altitudes below 100' AGL. They will be conducted entirely over utility property or easements, and at
an altitude and in a fashion that should a power unit fail, procedures that will ensure that it will not drift from utility
property. The operations proposed by this exemption request require that operations be conducted in close proximity to
structures. Under section (c), the Petitioner requests that no restrictions with regard to minimum distances from
structures, vessels, and vehicles, and a 200-foot minimum distance from persons not associated with the operation be
granted. Petitioner further requests that with regard to crew required for the operation of the UAS, no minimum distance
be required. When inspecting spans of transmission line conductors, a mile long flight may be required. In order for the
PIC to maintain the necessary spatial orientation and for the Visual Observer to assure situational awareness, the crew
proposes to follow the UAV from a safe distance in a moving vehicle.

14 C.F.R. 91.121 Altimeter Settings.
This regulation requires each person operating an aircraft to maintain cruising altitude by reference to an altimeter that is
set to the elevation of the departure airport or an appropriate altimeter setting available before departure.
Because Mesa's UAS will not have a barometric altimeter, but instead a GPS altitude read-out, an exemption is requested.
An equivalent level of safety will be achieved by confirming the altitude of the launch site shown on the GPS altitude
indicator before flight.

14 CFR 91.151(a) and (b) ­ Fuel requirements for flight in VFR conditions.
Unlike civil aircraft, the proposed UAS is batterypowered, not fuel powered. Therefore, the requirements under Section
91.151(a) are not applicable. The battery powering the UAS only has approximately 30 minutes of powered flight,
                                                                   9238 Madison Blvd |Building 2|Suite 116| Madison, AL 35758

                                                Phone: (256)258-2100 |Fax: (256)258-2103 |Website: WWW.MESAINC.COM

                                                                                                                         Section 333 Exemption Request

                                                                                                                                                      Page | 6

therefore an exemption from the 30minute reserve requirement is necessary. Additionally, we are not planning, nor
proposing to fly our UAS at night. Mesa proposes to provide an equivalent level of safety by employing telemetry that
provides a constant indication of remaining power, along with a low-voltage visual and audible warning when the power
gets critically low. In this event, the UAS can be landed safely within a minute or two while maintaining some power in
reserve.

14 C.F.R. 91.203 (a) and (b): Carrying Civil Aircraft Certification and Registration.
The regulation provides in pertinent part: (a) Except as provided in Section 91.715, no person may operate a civil aircraft
unless it has within it the following: (1) An appropriate and current airworthiness certificate. . . (b) No person may operate
a civil aircraft unless the airworthiness certificate required by paragraph (a) of this section or a special flight authorization
issued under Section 91.715 is displayed at the cabin or cockpit entrance so that it is legible to passengers or crew. UAS's
have no cabin or cockpit, there is no ability or place to carry certification and registration documents or to display these
documents on Mesa's UAS. As with 14 C.F.R. 91.9 (b) (2): Civil Aircraft Flight Manual in the Aircraft, an equivalent level of
safety will be achieved by keeping these documents at the ground control point where the PIC operating Mesa's UAS will
have immediate access to the documents, to the extent needed and applicable to Mesa's UAS.

14 CFR § 91.405(a) Maintenance required
This section requires periodic inspections, repairs made as necessary, and those procedures documented. Inspections will
be performed before the first flight of each day and repairs completed in accordance with the AUS Operations Manual,
thus assuring an equivalent level of safety.

14 CFR § 91.407 Operation after maintenance, preventive maintenance, rebuilding, or alteration
This section requires that after maintenance, proper entries be made in the aircraft record, and that necessary certain
checks, including flight checks be performed. Flight checks will be performed prior to the first flight of the day in
accordance with the AIS Operations Manual to ensure proper functionality of all systems and components.

14 CFR §91.409 ­ Inspections
This section requires that annual and 100-hour inspections be performed on certain aircraft, and that they be returned to
service by properly authorized personnel. The petitioner asserts that the personnel that operate the UAS have received
training on its proper care and maintenance, and are as qualified to determine that it is in condition for safe flight as the
personnel authorized by 43.7, thereby achieving an equivalent level of safety.

14 CFR 91.417(a) & (b) ­ Maintenance records
This section describes requirements for maintenance recordkeeping. The Petitioner will maintain records of all inspections,
maintenance, alterations, and repairs. They will be kept on site by the PIC and will be available to the Administrator or his
representative.

Public Interest:
This exemption would allow Mesa to operate Unmanned Aircraft System ("UAS") to safely perform aerial inspections of
elevated structures for our clients. The utility industries rely on accurate conditional assessments in order to make
intelligent and timely decisions. This is vital and critical in order for utilities to continue to safely provide reliable energy to
the nation's power grid and, consequently, enhance national security.

Mesa believes UAS's will allow our company to provide services more safely and effectively. UAS aircraft significantly
improves public safety and reduces risks associated with using manned aircraft and helicopters. The public's interest is also
advanced by reducing human exposure to death or serious injury associated with manned aircraft performing such
services. Power industry inspections using UAS significantly enhance public safety compared to using manned aircraft. A
                                                                   9238 Madison Blvd |Building 2|Suite 116| Madison, AL 35758
                                                Phone: (256)258-2100 |Fax: (256)258-2103 |Website: WWW.MESAINC.COM

                                                                                                                         Section 333 Exemption Request
                                                                                                                                                      Page | 7

traditional aircraft flying at low levels or in populated areas puts the public at increased risks of harm. UAS's can fly safely
in populated areas under controlled situations. Since UAS's are very small and do not carry combustible fuel, any potential
explosion threat to the public is alleviated. By granting an exemption the FAA will fulfill Congress's intent of allowing UAS
to operate with significant safety precautions in low risk environments.

The operation of small UAS in the strict conditions provides an equivalent higher level of safety supporting the grant of the
exemptions requested herein, including exempting the applicant from the requirements of Part 21 and allowing
commercial operations. These lightweight aircraft operate at slow speeds, close to the ground, and in a sterile
environment and, as a result, are far safer than conventional manned aircraft operating with significant levels of fuel in
close proximity to the ground and people. In addition, the environmental impact is reduced due to less noise and rotor
wash from helicopters.

Privacy
All flights will be conducted in accordance with any federal, state or local laws regarding privacy.

Summary:
Pursuant to 14 C.F.R. Part 11, the following summary is provided for publication in the Federal Register, should it be
determined that publication is needed: Applicant seeks an exemption from the following rules: 14 C.F.R. 21, subpart H; 14
C.F.R 45.23(b); 14 C.F.R. 61.113( a) & (b); 14 C.F.R. 91.7 (a); 14 C.F.R. 91.9 (b) (2); 14 C.F.R. 91.103; 14 C.F.R. 91.109; 14
C.F.R. 91.119; 14 C.F.R. 91.121; 14 C.F.R. 91.151(a); 14 C.F.R. 91.203(a) and (b); 91.405 (a); 14 C.F.R. 91.407 (a) (1); 14
C.F.R. 91.409 (a) (2); 14 C.F.R. 91.409 (a) (2); and 14 C.F.R. 91.417 (a) & (b) to operate commercially a small unmanned
vehicle (55 pounds or less). Satisfaction of the criteria provided in Section 333 of the Reform Act of 2012, size, weight,
speed, operating capabilities, proximity to airports and populated areas, and operation within visual line of sight and
national security provide more than adequate justification for granting the requested exemptions allowing commercial
operations.

Granting the requested exemption will benefit the public interest by significantly improving safety and reducing risk by
alleviating human exposure to danger, and by reducing the environmental impact associated with manned aircraft.

Regards,

Tim Cutshaw
Executive Vice President
Mesa Associates, Inc.
