July 31, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12257
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­2044

Mr. Michael Rennels
2019 North Shartel Avenue
Oklahoma City, OK 73103

Dear Mr. Rennels:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated May 21, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) for
an exemption. The petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to
conduct aerial filming, photographing, infrastructure inspections, and aerial acquisition.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a DJI Phantom 2 Plus.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
                                                                                                                 2

14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Mr. Michael Rennels is granted an exemption from
14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c),
91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to
the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Mr. Michael Rennels is hereafter referred to as the operator.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                                                 3

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom 2
         Plus when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of
         any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
         must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
         documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
         Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
         limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
         the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
         Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
         documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
         operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
         documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
                                                                                                            4

    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
                                                                                                            5

    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.
                                                                                                               6

   23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
       any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
       PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
       These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
       official upon request.

   24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
       activities at all times.

   25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

   26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
       persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
          a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
             from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
             that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
             where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
             the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
             of nonparticipating persons; and
          b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
             for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
             the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
             present an undue hazard.

       The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
       nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

   27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
       permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
       Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
       obtained for each flight to be conducted.

   28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
       boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
       to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
       reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
       contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

   29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
       as documented in this grant of exemption.
                                                                                                                 7

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                      8

This exemption terminates on August 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,
/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
May, 2015

 U.S. Department of Transportation

 Docket Management System

1200 New Jersey Ave., Washington, DC 20590

RE: Exemption Request Section 333 of the FAA Reform Act and Part 11 of the Federal Aviation
Regulations Dear Sir or Madam: Pursuant to the Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and

 Dear Sir or Madam:

Pursuant to the Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (the "Reform Act"),
Michael P. Rennels (the "applicant"), operator of an Unmanned Aircraft Systems ("UAS") seeks an
exemption from the Federal Aviation Regulations ("FARs") to allow for commercial operation of aerial
filming and photographing to include: infrastructure inspections, aerial acquisition (mapping), real
estate, and other applicable areas for pre-planned, controlled areas in Oklahoma.

Commercial operations will be performed only at the request of, and with the authorization and
permission of clients or their authorized agents in order to facilitate commerce and raise awareness of
the beneficial uses of small unmanned aircraft systems.

Applicant Michael P. Rennels 2019 N. Shartel Ave Oklahoma City, Oklahoma 73103

Attachments DJl Pilot Training

Regulations from which the exemption is requested: 14 CFR Part 21 subpart H 14 CFR 45.23 (b) 14 CFR
91.7 (a) 14 CFR 91.9 (b) (2) 14 CFR 91.103 14 CFR 91.109 14 CFR 91.119 (c) 14 CFR 91.12114 CFR 91.203
(a) and (b) 14 CFR 91.405 (a) 14 CFR 91.407 (a) (1) 14 CFR 91.409 {a) (2) 14 CFR 91.417 (a) and (b)

Extent of relief I seek, and why 14 CFR Part 21 subpart H The UAs to be operated carries neither pilot nor
passenger and carries no explosive materials or flammable liquids. Given the size, weight, speed, and
limited operating area associated with the aircraft to be utilized, I request exception. In the restricted
environment and under the conditions proposed operation will be at least as safe, or safer, than a
conventional aircraft operating with an airworthiness certificate without said restrictions.

14 CFR 45.23 (b) Due to the size of this UAS it does not have a cockpit, cabin, or pilot station on which to
market certain words or phrases. Lettering would be very difficult to place on such a small aircraft and
dimensions would need to be smaller than required minimum. Understanding the importance of
lettering I will mark my UAS with the largest possible letters by placing the word "Experimental" or
assigned number or name, based on request/ruling of FAA, on UAS fuselage. The equivalent level of
safety will be provided by having the UAS marked on its fuselage as required.

14 CFR 91.7 (a) As there will be no airworthiness certificate for the aircraft, should this exemption be
granted, no FAA regulatory standard will exist for determining airworthiness. Given the size of the
aircraft for maintenance and use of safety check list prior to each flight an equivalent level of safety will
be provided.

14 CFR 91.9 (b) (2) Given the size and configuration, the UAS has no ability to carry a flight manual on
the aircraft. There is no room, capacity, or pilot on board to adequately carry flight manual. A equivalent
level of safety will be maintained by keeping the flight manual at ground control point where the pilot
wil) have immediate access to it.

14 CFR 91.103 As FAA approved flight manuals will not be provided for the aircraft an exemption will be
needed. Normal procedures including but not limited to; reviewing weather, flight battery requirement,
landing and takeoff distances, along will all of those found in attachment "DJI Pilot Training". An
equivalent level of safety will be provided by preflight protocol to properly match the machine.

14 CFR 91.109 UAS and remotely piloted aircraft do not have fully functional dual controls. Flight control
is achieved through the use of a control box that communicates with the aircraft via radio
communications. The equivalent level of safety provided because neither a pilot nor passenger will be
carried in the aircraft, and by the speed and size of the aircraft.

14 CFR 91.113 (a) and (b) I can achieve an equivalent level of safety as achieved by current regulations
because my UAS does not carry pilot nor passenger. While helpful, a pilots' license will not ensure
remote control piloting skills.

14 CFR 91.121 The UAS may not have a barometric altimeter, but instead does have a GPS altitude read
out. I believe an exemption may be needed. An equivalent level of safety is achieve by the operator
receiving live flight data monitoring and confirming current altitude along with altitude of launch site
shown on GPS altitude indicator.

14 CFR 91.203 (a) and {b) Similar to, 14 CFR 91.9 (b) (2), given the size and configuration, the UAS has no
ability to carry certificate and registration documents on the aircraft. There is no room, capacity, or pilot
on board to adequately such documents. An equivalent level of safety will be achieved by keeping these
documents, to the extent they are applicable to the UAS, at the ground control point where pilot has
immediate access to them.

14 CFR 91.405 (a), 14 CFR 91.407 (a) (1), 14 CFR 91.409 (a) (2), 14 CFR 91.417 (a) and (b) Given these
section only apply to aircraft with an airworthiness certificate, theses sections do not apply to this
applicant. As a safety precaution, operator will perform preflight inspections and ensure UAS is in
working condition before initiating each flight.

Michael P. Rennels is seeking relief from all FARs above preventing applicant from conducting aerial
photography and video of real estate taken at levels less than 400ft, at a speed less than 33.5 mph, and
with a maximum flight time of 25 minutes,. The drone to be used is a 011 Phantom 2 Plus V3. At 2.74
pounds the weight of the UAS meets the definition of "small unmanned aircraft" found in section 331
"The Reform Act". In order to obtain high quality photography and video the UAS will be used at speeds
much less than it's top speed of 33.5 mph. Due to the UAS being battery powered there are no
combustible fuels on board. Maximum flight time for this particular UAS is 25 minutes battery life, flights
to be terminated with 25% battery life remaining. Given the size, weight, speed, and limited operating
area associated with the aircraft to be utilized i find this exception to be reasonable with an equivalent,
or greater, level of safety to be reached by the operator.
  Safety *Please see attachment "DJI Pilot Training" for safety precautions I use for every flight.

  Additionally: 1)1 do not operate within 5 miles of an airport unless prior contact to Air Traffic Control or
  the airport manager has been made. 2) I land my UAS prior to manufacturer recommended minimum
  level of battery power 3) I pilot my UAS through remote control by line of sight 4} My UAS uses GPS and
  a flight safety feature whereby it returns to a preprogrammed position and then slowly lands if
  communication with the remote control pilot is lost 5)1 actively analyze flight data and other sources of
  information to constantly update and enhance safety protocol's 6)1 conduct extensive pre-flight
  inspections and protocol, during which safety carries primary importance 7)1 always obtain all necessary
  permissions prior to operation; and, 8) I have procedures in place to abort flights in the event of safety
  breaches or potential danger. 9) Public Interest The use of an UAS in the real estate industry provides
  both buyers and sellers a higher level of service. For a buyer a higher level of marketing and advertising
  is achieved, appealing to more buyers, resulting in a quicker sale of their home. 'Quicker home sales also
  helps accelerate the economy as a whole. Buyers experience the benefit of encompassing a whole
  property, sometimes several acres, in one photo or a short video. Not only does this benefit the specific
  home seller or home buyer, but it benefits the general public because it is much more efficient than
  traditional ways of using a plane or helicopter to achieve the same result. We can now provide this level
  of service while being conservative with fuel, time, emissions, noise, and other resources. Considering
  size, weight, speed, and absence of combustible fuels, my UAS will poses much less of a safety concern
  for the general public when compared to larger manned aircraft.

  Thank you for your consideration.

'7Yj~ f1 R~ .)·;;.,_~orr-
  Michael P. Rennels
PHANT M PIL TRAIN I        UID

Earning Your Stripes

Learn IVlore: www.dji.com
product is not suitable for people under the age of 18. Please carefully read the "Quick

Start Guide", "User Guide", disclaimer,  fu!!y watch the "Quick Start Videos" before

using the PHANTOIVL Users should make every effort to fly regularly in  to improve

(***) .their flight skills as an advanced level pilot  Please fly safely and responsibly.

Please follow these guidelines prior to flying your Phantom:

GAiways turn on the Remote Controller prior to turning 011 the Phantom.
@Toggle Sl, S2 to the top.

8 Be sure there are no distractions when you're flying.

     Whf'"n starting your training, be sure you are in a very large open area. Be aware of your
    surroundings. Always fly in areas void of obstacles and away from traffic and people.

~ Before actually takir·g off, be sure you have calibrated the compass and you have full

    GPS satellite reception (Slow Continuous Green Flashing).

8 Never fly over 400 feet.

f) During training, stay behind your imaginary barrier and never fly behind yourself.
@) When in doubt, gently pull down on the throttle stick and land.
f) DO NOT P/\N

The aircraft camera should face AWAY from the pilot before takeoff.       CAUTION
DO NOT fly the Phantom within a radius of 2 meters.                     FORBIDDEN
DO NOT touch the propellers after the Phantom has been started.         NO TOUCH
Take off and land with battery facing you.             0

                                                       II

Hover in one spot keeping battery facing you, make
sure to control Left/Right/Forward/Hack movement

Rotate left, rotate right but try to keep the battery
pointed at yourself.
Slowly fly fNward/back/left/rlght with back of
Phantom pointed at yourself,

Fly forward to a spot 20--30 feet away.
Then fly back keeping the battery pointed at yourself.

------------------                                                        ~

         Hark r:; spot (El) on t.he gmund lOft away from the Phantom 's   II
         take off point. !---lover and fly towards that spot and land at
         the spot (8). Then go back into a hover and br-ing the Phantom
         back to its ori;:,1inal position (A) and land again.

                             B*
Fly left 10ft away from your take-off point, then fly right

10ft frorn your take-off point all              keeping battery

pointed at yourself

3 meters

L-~~__j

Then, \Vhile keeping the camera pointed forward,
fly a 4 !Joint square box formation going clockwise.
Be sure to be in control and stop and hover in place

at each point before proceeding to the next point.

#         - - -- - -- -~--  -""{

.·. -·-'

   I

- - - - - - - - - - -....
                                       \\

                                               {\
                                                    ~.~

                                                        [j'

                     ---------

Do the sDme as above but fly the 4 point box formation
counter-clockwise. Be sure to be in control and stop
and hover in place at each point before proceeding

to the next point.

 "------"'iff!~-----"'!

  I\
f

 ,t"                                               ~

,___ ./ f___________ _  _   _       _  _  _  _  _  _  _\
                                                          \
!n a hover, starting with the battery pointed at yourself,
rotate 360 degrees clockwise.

................................................... ........................................... ......................................................................... ................................................................................................. .. ................... .......................... ................ ............. ..........................31~·-··..............................!.....................................

        In a hover, starting with the battery pointed at yourself,
       rotate 360 degrees counter..clockwise.

                                                                   ®

Startinf.J with the battery pointed at yourself, go into a hover.

Then rotate the Phantom 90 degrees facing left, and fly a 4
point .square box formation going clockwise. Be .sure to be in

control and stop and hover in place at each point before
proceeding to the next point.

 r  ?---- -.... ---- ..."~

f
'{
Starting with the battery pointed at yourself, go into a hover.
Then rotate the Phantom 90 degrees facinq ri~Jht, and fly a 4

point square box forrnation goinq counter·-clockwise.
Be sure to be in control and stop and hover in place at ·~ach
point before ~xoceedin~j to the next point.

                               J
                          I

                                       .,.

                                                                                                   \
                                                                                                            \
                                                                                                                           '\

         -------~----------·

Wit!· the battery pointed at yourself, fly a circle. Try to
keep the altitude and also the circle as uniform as possible.

    "'# ...  -- --- -----------

         #     ___,________ ______ _

..a4         ~--
  ' ' ...

        "

I·. Jover with the camera pointc;d at yourself and try to kc~i'"P
the Phantom in one place.
Fly a circle and keep the carnera pointed towards you.
Be sure to keep the altitude the same and the circle as
uniform as possible.

   ---·-···------~-- ~---- .... '*" .... -~

Fly a 4 point square box clockwise while keeping the carnera

facin~j in your direction.

                                                                   .,·
                          - - - - - ~·- - - - -'%

          I" '

    .. -----------

Fly a Lj. point square box counter-clockwise while keeping

the camera facing in your direction.

           .:.. - - ~~ - -4- - -'- -~
          ""

          I
      t'

                                                                                                                          \

    --------11------------·
Fly a 4 point square box clockwise and rotate the
phantorn in the direction of travel.

        - - - - - ~- - - - -"t

     ;' '

    .f

f"  I.----------·

I

Fly a circle counter-clockwise and keep the camer<:i pointed
in the directior! of travel. Be sure to keep the altitude the
same and the circle as uniform as possible.

    -~ ---------~------- ~~~

Fly a circle counter-clockwise with the camera pointed at the
center of the circle. Be sure to keep the altitude the same
and the circle as uniform as possible.

-------- --·------.··---·-"'·-···e::·,----,.......  ~- = -

    li!lllllll!i------------- ---
Fly a figure 8 without rotating the Phcmtom. Be sure to keep

the altitude the same and the circle as uniform as possible.

. .-----~---,.,.,=-

        ---

Fly a FifjUre 8 with the camera of the Phantom pointed in the
direction of travel. Be sure to keep the altitude the same and
the circle as uniform as possible.

       ----- .........

r··:ly F'igure Ei patterns while experirnentin~J with differer;t orientations.

Fof' example, camera always pointed in a given direction or opposite/
left/right the direction of travel, etc. Be sure to keep the altitude the
same and the ci;·cle as uniform as possible.

  --- ------

      ~-------~-----------~- "
Retum Home & land Mode

Be sure you are in a large open area, Before you  off,

make sure you have a good GPS lock by ensuring your LED

indicators are flashing Greer!. Fly the Phantom at least 50ft

away from your take off point Turn off the Remote Controller.
·rhe Phantom will enter it's failsafe Return~To-Home tviode.

Let the Phanton: finish it's routine and land itself within 2 meters

of the take off point.

                 ------·----------!

                        '

                      15 meters

                                                                      !r - \~")l@

                                                                      '-...........-./

lnten:::epting Retum Home & bmd Mode

Be sure you are in a large open area. Before you take off, make

sure you have a         GPS lock by ensuring your LED indicators

are flashing Green. Fly the Phantom 50ft away frorn your take

off point Turn off the Remote Controller. The Phantom will

enter it's failsafe Return-To-Home tviode. \IVhen the Phantom

is retun1ing home, you can intercept RH··l tviode by switching

the S1 Switch from the top position to the middle 01" lower

position, then continue  the Phantom.

                                       '

                         ·15 meters

                        1
www.dji.com
