July 31, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12265
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­2115

Ms. Dannette J. Myers
Manager
Michael's Drone Photography, LLC
1850 Golden Gate Avenue
Kingman, AZ 86401

Dear Ms. Myers:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated May 28, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of Michael's Drone Photography, LLC (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an
exemption. The petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to
conduct aerial videography and photography for real estate purposes.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a DJI Inspire 1.
                                                                                                                 2

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

· They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

· The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

· A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Michael's Drone Photography, LLC is granted an
exemption from 14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a),
91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and
91.417(a) and (b), to the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                             3

aerial data collection. This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed
below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Michael's Drone Photography, LLC is hereafter referred to as
the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Inspire 1 when
    weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any other
    aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
    not permitted.

3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
    exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
    compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
    airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
    aircraft manufacturer.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
    electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
    must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
    required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
                                                                                                            4

    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
                                                                                                            5

    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
                                                                                       6

exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial

    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
                                                                                               7

reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
    as documented in this grant of exemption.

30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
    exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
    District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
    notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
    must include at least the following:
      a. Dates and times for all flights;
      b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
          under this grant of exemption;
      c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
          the UAS;
      d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
      e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
      f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
          and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
          who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
      g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
      h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
          town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
          essential to accomplish the operation.

31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
    consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
    exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                      8

This exemption terminates on August 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
Michael's Drone Photography, L.L.C.                                                                   {:
         1850 Golden Gate Ave.
          Kingman, AZ 86401
             (928) 897-2631

      dronephotos(q{hotmail.com

May 28,2015

U.S. Department of Transportation Docket
Management System
1200 New Jersey Avenue SE
Washington, DC 20590

         Re: Exemption Request Section 333 of the FAA Reform Act and Part 11 of the
                  Federal Aviation Regulations from 14 C.F.R. 45.23(b);14 CFR Part 21;14
                  CFR 61.113 (a) & (b); 13 C.F.R. 61.133(a); 91.7 (a);91.9 (b) (2);91.103(b);
                  91.109;91.119; 91.121; 91.151(a);91.203(a) & (b);91.405 (a); 91.407(a) (1);
                  91.409 (a) (2);91.417 (a) & (b).

Dear Sir(s)/Madam(s):

         Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 ("Reform
Act") and 14 C.P.R. Part 11, Michael's Drone Photography, L.L.C., an Arizona limited liability
company, the operator of a DJI Inspire 1 ("UA"), seeks an exemption from the Federal Aviation
Regulations ("FARs") as listed and discussed below.

         Michael's Drone Photography's team has flown its UAs, for recreational purposes, for
hundreds ofhours without incident and was recently granted a similar exemption for its DJI Inspire
1 UA. Michael's Drone Photography's UAs are equipped to take aerial videography and
photography to enhance awareness for those individuals and companies unfamiliar with the
geographical layout of certain areas and augment real estate listings and promote the use of certain
real estate properties which provides an enhancement to academic research being performed in
certain geographical areas ("purpose").

                                                                        1

                      Michael's Drone Photography, 1850 Golden Gate Avenue, Kingman, Arizona 86401
                                                                 Phone: (928) 897-2631
         Michael's Drone Photography's exemption request will permit the operation of
comparatively inexpensive UAs in tightly controlled, predetermined and limited airspace. This
airspace will include areas away from general public, airports, heliports and vehicular traffic for
community videos, and within property boundaries for real estate listing videos and photos.
Currently, similar lightweight, remote controlled UAs are legally operated by unmonitored and
untrained amateur hobbyists with no safety plan or controls in place to prevent catastrophic events.
Michael's Drone Photography has safety protocols and controls in place to avoid and prevent
public hazards as well as preventing the interference with manned aircraft which could cause a
hazard or catastrophe. This acts to enhance safety protocols unique to Michael's Drone
Photography's lightweight UAs being utilized specifically for real estate videography and
photography. Michael's Drone Photography hope to be able to conduct aerial videography and
cinematography to enhance academic community awareness and augment real estate listing photos
and videos and record other information gained through permitted flight operations which may be
shared with the FAA through any required FAA reports to assist with the development of future
FAA protocols and safety regulations.

         The use of Michael's Drone Photography's UAs for these purposes reduces the need to
operate conventional aircraft, typically needed to perform these types of operations, provides an
economic benefit to the business consumer as the Michael's Drone Photography UAs provides
higher quality imagery at a fraction of the cost of aerial videography and photography using
conventional aircraft. These savings result in not only enhanced efficiency and productivity for
the affected activities but added environmental and safety benefits to the public at large.

         As described more fully below, Michael's Drone Photography's requested exemption
would authorize commercial operations of aerial videography and photography, using Michael's
Drone Photography's UAs, which will be operated under controlled conditions at an altitude of no
greater than three hundred (400) feet AGL in airspace that is limited in scope and will have
automated control features. Michael's Drone Photography's UAs will also be operated by an
individual who has passed an FAA approved ground training exam, if required by the FAA. As
outlined below, the airspace in which Michael's Drone Photography's UAs will operate within will
be disclosed to the FAA in advance to flight operation. Finally, Michael's Drone Photography's
UAs will be used in lieu of comparatively hazardous operations now conducted with fixed wing
and rotary conventional aircraft which should reassure the FAA that these operations will achieve
at least an equivalent level or greater level of safety.

         In the interest of economic efficiency and public safety, Michael's Drone Photography
hereby respectfully applies for an exemption from the listed FARs to allow commercial operations
ofMichael's Drone Photography's UAs, so long as such operations are conducted within and under
the conditions outlined herein or as may be established by the FAA as required by Section 333.

                                                                 2

                      Michael's Drone Photography, 1850 Golden Gate Avenue, Kingman, Arizona 86401
                                                                Phone:(928)897-2631
Approval of this exemption would thereby enhance safety and fulfill the Secretary of
Transportation's ("Administrator") responsibilities under Section 333(c) of the Reform Act to
"establish requirements for the safe operation of such aircraft systems in the national airspace
system."

         As discussed above and more fully described below, the requested exemption would permit
the operation of small, unmanned and relatively inexpensive UAs under controlled conditions in
airspace that is limited and predetermined. Approval of this exemption would thereby enhance
safety and fulfill the Administrator responsibilities to " ... establish requirements for the safe
operation of such aircraft systems in the national airspace system." Please see Section 333(c) of
the Reform Act.

         Additionally, the FAA has already granted a previous exemption which is essentially
identical to the exemption being sought by Michael's Drone Photography. Please see FAA
Exemption No. 11138.

The name and address of the applicant is:

         Michael's Drone Photography, L.L.C.
         1850 Golden Gate Ave.
         Kingman, AZ 86401
         (928) 897-2631

REGULATIONS FROM WHICH THE EXEMPTION IS REQUESTED

14 C.F.R. Part 21
14 C.F.R. 45.23(b)
14 C.F.R. 61.113(a) & (b)
13 C.F.R. 61.133(a)
14 C.F.R. 91.7(a)
14 C.F.R. 91.9(b)(2)
14 C.F.R. 91.103
14 C.F.R. 91.109
14 C.F. R. 91.119
14 C.F.R. 91.121
14 C.F.R. 91.151(a)
14 C.F.R. 91.203(a) & (b)
14 C.F.R. 91.405(a)

                           3

Michael's Drone Photography, 1850 Golden Gate Avenue, Kingman, Arizona 86401
                                          Phone: (928) 897-2631
         14 C.P.R. 91.407(a)(1)
         14 C.P.R. 91.409(a)(2)
         14 C.P.R. 91.417(a) & (b)

         This exemption application is expressly submitted to fulfill Congress' goal in passing
Section 333(a) through (c) of the Reform Act. This law directs the Secretary of Transportation to
consider whether certain unmanned aircraft systems may operate safely in the national airspace
system (NAS) before completion ofthe rulemaking required under Section 332 of the Reform Act.
In making this determination, the Secretary is required to determine which types of UAs do not
create a hazard to users ofthe NAS or the public or pose a threat to national security in light of the
following:

         · The UA's size, weight, speed, and operational capability;
         · Operation of the UAs in close proximity to airports and populated areas; and
         · Operation of the UAs within visual line of sight ("VLOS") of the operator.

Reform Act§ 333 (a).

         Lastly, if the Secretary determines that such vehicles "may operate safely in the national
airspace system, the Secretary shall establish requirements for the safe operation of such aircraft
in the national airspace system." Id. §333(c) (emphasis added). 1

         The Federal Aviation Act expressly grants the FAA the authority to issue exemptions. This
statutory authority by its terms includes exempting civil aircraft, as the term is defined under
§40101 of the Act, that includes UAs, from the requirement that all civil aircraft must have a
current airworthiness certificate.

        The Administrator may grant an exemption from a requirement of a regulation prescribed
under subsection (a) or (b) of this section or any sections 44702-44716 of this title if the
Administrator finds the exemption in the public interest. 49 U.S.C. §4470l(f). See also 49 USC
§44711(a); 49 USC §44704; 14 CFR §91.203 (a) (1).

        Michael's Drone Photography's UAs are rotorcraft weighing less than five (5) pounds
(2.26796 Kg) including energy source(s), equipment and any payload. They operate, under normal

1 Michael's Drone Photography interprets this provision to place the duty on the Administrator to not only
process applications for exemptions under section 333, but for the Administrator to craft conditions for the safe
operation of the UA, if it should be determined that the conditions set forth herein do not fulfill the statutory
requirements for approval. 3 Reform Act Section 333 (b).

                                                                    4

                      Michael's Drone Photography, 1850 Golden Gate Avenue, Kingman, Arizona 86401
                                                               Phone: (928) 897-2631
conditions at a ground speed of no more than thirty (30) knots and have the capability to hover,
and move in the vertical and horizontal plane simultaneously. The UAs will operate only in line of
sight and within safe. Such operations will insure that the UA will "not create a hazard to users
of the national airspace system or the public."3

         Given the small size of the UAs involved and the restricted environment within which they
will operate, Michael's Drone Photography falls squarely within that zone of safety (an equivalent
level of safety) in which Congress envisioned that the FAA must, by exemption, allow commercial
operations ofUAs to commence immediately. Also due to the size of the UAs and the restricted
areas in which the relevant UAs will operate, approval of the application presents no national
security issue. Given the clear direction in Section 333 of the Reform Act, the authority contained
in the Federal Aviation Act, as amended; the strong equivalent level of safety surrounding the
proposed operations, and the significant public benefit, including enhanced safety, reduction in
environmental impacts, including reduced emissions associated with allowing UAs for aerial
videography and photography operations, the grant of the requested exemptions is in the public
interest. Additionally, there is economic efficiency created with the use of Michael's Drone
Photography's UAs as the typical cost to perform aerial videography and photography with
helicopters and airplanes heavily multiplies the cost to business consumers and government
agencies, including law enforcement, for the services which are to be provided by Michael's Drone
Photography.

    THE EXTENT AND BASIS OF THE RELIEF SOUGHT BY MICHAEL'S DRONE
                                                PHOTOGRAPHY

        Michael's Drone Photography submits this application in accordance with the Reform Act,
112 P.L. 95 §§ 331-334, seeking relief from any currently applicable FARs operating that presently
prevents Michael's Drone Photography from contemplated commercial video-graphic,
photographic and other flight operations within the national airspace system. The Reform Act in
Section 332 provides for such integration of civil unmanned aircraft systems into our national
airspace system as it is in the public's interest to do so. Michael's Drone Photography's UAs meet
the definition of"small unmanned aircraft" as defined in Section 331 and therefore the integration
ofMichael's Drone Photography's ultralight weight UAs is expressly contemplated by the Reform
Act. Michael's Drone Photography would like to operate its ultralight weight UAs prior to the time
period by which the Reform Act requires the FAA to promulgate rules governing such craft.
Thereby, providing direct experience and valuable information for formal regulation that can be
administered uniformly to all real estate related UA aerial videography and photography. The
Reform Act guides the Administrator in determining the types of UAs that may operate safely in
our national airspace system. These considerations include: weight, size, speed and overall
capabilities of the UAs; whether the UAs will be operated near airports or heavily populated areas
and; whether the UAs will be operated by line of sight.4 Each of these items is favorable to the

                                                                5

                       Michael's Drone Photography, 1850 Golden Gate Avenue, Kingman, Arizona 86401
                                                                 Phone: (928) 897-2631
grant of an exemption to Michael's Drone Photography. Michael's Drone Photography's UAs
utilize four (4) counter-rotating propellers for balance, control and stability. Michael's Drone
Photography's UAs are equipped with GPS and auto return safety technology. Michael's Drone
Photography's UAs weigh less than five (5) pounds including camera and gimbal assembly.

4 112 P.L. 95 § 333 (a).

         Michael's Drone Photography puts safety first when considering any UA flight. Michael's
Drone Photography's small UAs are designed to hover in place via GPS and operate in less than a
24 knot (27 mph) wind. In order to increase safety plus stability and limit harm and financial loss
of property, Michael's Drone Photography will not fly its UAs in winds exceeding 15 knots (17
mph). Michael's Drone Photography's established safety systems include a GPS mode that allows
its UAs to hover in place when radio controls are released. Michael's Drone Photography's UAs
have three modes to choose from, Michael's Drone Photography utilizes the Intelligent Orientation
Control (IOC) Flight (with GPS & compass module)5 for aerial videography and photography.
This mode is the safest, most reliable and stable mode to prevent accidents and being a hazard to
others. When pilot communication is lost, Michael's Drone Photography's UAs are designed to
return then slowly descend to the point of takeoff. Michael's Drone Photography does not operate
its UAs near airports, hospitals, police heliports or news channel heliports. Michael's Drone
Photography does not operate its UAs in areas where general public is within fifty (50) to one
hundred (100) yards depending on location, conditions and weather. Michael's Drone
Photography's pilots and observers are constantly on alert for any manned aircraft and prepared to
immediately abort and land the UA at the nearest and safest ground point in the event a manned
aircraft approaches or the Michael's Drone Photography pilot or observer suspects a manned
aircraft may approach the operating area of a Michael's Drone Photography UA. Michael's Drone
Photography's UAs are capable ofvertical and horizontal operations, and are flown only within
my line of sight of the pilot. Michael's Drone Photography's UA flights generally last fifteen (15)
minutes with an altitude under three hundred (300) and utilize battery power rather than
combustible fuels. Michael's Drone Photography does not operate its UAs below the
manufacturer's recommended minimum charge levels for operation preferring to remain well
within a safe operating range to insure adequate communication between radio control and the
UAs to eliminate potential for crashes, loss of control or hazard. Fully charged reserve batteries
are on hand with to insure replacement for a sufficiently safe level of operation. Michael's Drone
Photography operates very conservatively and does believe in taking risks that may cause a crash
or that could create hazard to the public, property and manned aircraft. Michael's Drone
Photography's pilots have logged numerous practice flights in order to simulate flights for future
commercial use to gain familiarization with the characteristics of this specific UA's performance
under different temperature and weather conditions.

                                                                   6

                       Michael's Drone Photography, 1850 Golden Gate Avenue, Kingman, Arizona 86401
                                                                 Phone: {928) 897-2631
         Michael's Drone Photography is extremely cautious when operating of its UAs and will
not "create a hazard to users of the national airspace system or the public."6 Given the small size
and weight ofMichael's Drone Photography's UAs, they fall well within Congress's contemplated
safety zone when it promulgated the Reform Act and the corresponding directive to integrate UAs
into the national airspace system. Michael's Drone Photography's UAs, utilized in hobby flight,
has a demonstrable safety record and do not pose any threat to the general public or national
security.

5 Intelligent Orientation Control (IOC) Flight (with GPS & compass module) includes safe circle for

  operation, position hold, self-leveling, altitude command, GPS, return home feature, and safety control to return
  home or land in the event of communication interruption between RC transmitter and UAS. See Exhibit "1"- Inspire
  1 User Manual.
6 112 P.L. 95 § 333 (b).

  MICHAEL'S DRONE PHOTOGRAPHY'S REQUEST WILL BENEFIT THE PUBLIC
                                                 AT LARGE

         Aerial videography and photography for geographical awareness and for real estate
marketing and promotion has been around for a long time through the use of manned fixed wing
aircraft and helicopters. The challenge for smaller real estate companies and average landowners
is that the expense related to manned videography and photography is cost prohibitive. Typically,
only large businesses, large high end real estate companies and high net worth landowners are able
to absorb such an enormous expense. This deprives non-luxury landowners and small revenue real
estate companies from the enjoying the benefit of this valuable marketing and promotional tool.
Manned aircraft pose a clear threat to the general public through potential catastrophic crashes that
may occur. There are many documented events where a manned aircraft has crashed into populated
areas with the size and combustibility of these manned aircraft causing large property damage,
human injuries and loss of life. Michael's Drone Photography's UAs pose no such threat since
size and lack of combustible fuel alleviates any of these potential threat to the public.

         With the passage of the Reform Act, Congress has already proclaimed that it is in the
public's interest to integrate commercially flown UAs into the national airspace system. The grant
of the exemption request by Michael's Drone Photography furthers the public interest through
academic and visual awareness of the geographical benefits of certain areas and by making this
cost effective alternative available to small real estate companies and the average landowner.
Michael's Drone Photography's ultralight UAs are battery powered and create no emissions that
may harm the environment. In the unlikely event of a Michael's Drone Photography UA crash, the
consequence is far less than a full size helicopter or fixed wing aircraft, which are heavy and
contain combustible fuel, crashing and causing catastrophic devastation to the public.

                                                                       7

                      Michael's Drone Photography, 1850 Golden Gate Avenue, Kingman, Arizona 86401
                                                                 Phone: (928) 897-2631
         The public's interest is furthered as Michael's Drone Photography minimizes ecological
and crash threat by permitting aerial videography and photography captured through Michael's
Drone Photography's battery operated ultralight UA's. Permitting Michael's Drone Photography
to immediately fly within national air space furthers not only public safety but economic growth.
Granting Michael's Drone Photography's exemption request substantially furthers the economic
impact for any community and for companies looking to relocate or build in a certain community
as well as individuals looking to relocate to a community for career advancement through academic
and geographical awareness provided by Michael's Drone Photography. In the end, the granting
of this exemption to Michael's Drone Photography will serve as a benefit and stimulus to any
community.

   MICHAEL'S DRONE PHOTOGRAPHY'S EXEMPTION WILL NOT ADVERSELY
                                                    AFFECT

                  SAFETY AND WILL PROVIDE A LEVEL OF SAFETY AT
                        LEAST EQUAL TO EXISTING FAA STANDARDS

         Michael's Drone Photography's exemption will not adversely affect safety, as it will in fact
enhance safety. Michael's Drone Photography's ability to log significant, controlled and monitored
flight time in FAA controlled airspace will allow Michael's Drone Photography to contribute to
the innovation and implementation of new, novel and undiscovered safety protocols for realtors
that may be embraced by the NAR2 through consistent and ongoing cooperation with the FAA.
Additionally, the FAA may utilize the new safety protocols for the use ofUAs in FAA controlled
airspace for all industries.

         Michael's Drone Photography submits the following representations of enhancements to
current aerial videography and photography:

    · Michael's Drone Photography's UAs weigh less than 5 pounds (2.26796 Kg) complete with
         the camera and gimbal assembly;

    · Michael's Drone Photography will only operate its UAs below three hundred (300) feet
         which is well within the four hundred (400) feet ceiling having been established by the
         Reform Act of2012;

     .Michael's Drone Photography's UAs only operate for fifteen (15) minutes per flight;
    · Michael's Drone Photography lands its UAs prior to manufacturer's recommended

         minimum level of battery power;

2 National Association of Realtors, http://www.realtor.org/

                                                                   8

                      Michael's Drone Photography, 1850 Golden Gate Avenue, Kingman, Arizona 86401
                                                                Phone: (928) 897-2631
     .Michael's Drone Photography's pilots operate the UAs through Visual Line of Sight only;
     · Michael's Drone Photography's UAs have a GPS flight safety feature whereby the UA

         hovers and then slowly lands if communication with the pilot is lost;
     · Michael's Drone Photography actively analyzes its flight data and other sources of

         information to constantly update and enhance its safety protocols;
     · Michael's Drone Photography only operates in reasonably safe environments which are
     strictly controlled and away from power lines, elevated lights, airports and actively populated
     areas;
     · Michael's Drone Photography conducts extensive pre-flight inspections and protocol to
     ensure safety remains the primary concern;
     · Michael's Drone Photography always obtains all necessary permissions from the FAA and

         landowners prior to the operation its UAs and;
     · Michael's Drone Photography has established safety procedures in place to abort flights in

         the event of safety breaches or any potential danger.

         Michael's Drone Photography's safety protocols provide a level of safety equal to or
exceeding existing FAA rules. It is important to note that absent the integration of commercial
UAs into our national airspace system, manned fixed wing airplanes and helicopters are the
primary means of aerial videography and photography for community awareness and real estate
uses. While the safety record ofsuch helicopters is outstanding, there have been incidents involving
loss of life as well as extensive property damage due to crashes of these manned aircraft and it is
far safer and less expensive to operate a battery powered Michael's Drone Photography's ultralight
UAs to accomplish the same task. The potential for loss of life is great diminished with a UA as
Michael's Drone Photography's UAs carry no people or fuel on board and the UAs are also very
small and versatile which allows Michael's Drone Photography to avoid hazards quickly and
safely.

         Accordingly, Michael's Drone Photography respectfully requests that the FAA grant the
requested exemption without delay.

                       AIRCRAFT AND EQUIVALENT LEVEL OF SAFETY

         Michael's Drone Photography proposes that the exemption requested herein apply to civil
aircraft that have the characteristics and that operate with the limitations listed herein. These
limitations provide for at least an equivalent or even higher level of safety to operations under the
current regulatory structure because the proposed operations represent a safety enhancement to the
operations conducted with conventional aircraft. The FAA has noted in past exemptions that
"Conventional aerial video operations, using jet or piston-powered aircraft present risks associated
with aircraft that weigh in the neighborhood of 5,000 to 7,000 pounds or more, carry large

                                                                   9

                       Michael's Drone Photography, 1850 Golden Gate Avenue, Kingman, Arizona 86401
                                                                 Phone: (928) 897-2631
quantities of fuel, passengers, and, in some cases, cargo. Such aircraft must fly to and from the
survey location. Please ~ee FAA Exemption 11110.

         These limitations and conditions to which Michael's Drone Photography agrees to be
bound when conducting all operations under an FAA issued exemption include:

         1. The UAs will weigh less than five (5) pounds (2.26796 Kg).
         2. Maximum total flight time for each operational flight will be fifteen (15) minutes.

                Flights will be terminated at thirty percent (30%) battery power reserve should that
                occur prior to the fifteen (15) minute limit.
         3. Flights will be operated at an altitude of no more than three hundred (300) feet AGL.
         4. Minimum crew for each operation will consist of the UA Pilot and a Visual Observer
                 ("VO").
         5. The UAs will only operate within a safe area.
         6. A briefing will be conducted with regard to the planned UA operations prior to flight
                operations. It will be mandatory that all personnel who will be performing duties
                with regard to the flight operations be present for this briefing.
         7. The Pilot and VO will have been trained in operation ofUAs generally and received
                up-to-date information on the particular UA to be operated and the UA will be
                operated in conformity with Michael's Drone Photography's protocols.
         8. The PILOT and VO will at all times be able to communicate via voice
                communication.
         9. Written and/or oral permission from the relevant property holder(s), or their
                authorized representative(s), will be obtained.
         10. All required permissions and permits will be obtained from territorial, state, county
                or city jurisdictions, including local law enforcement, fire, or other appropriate
                governmental agencies.
         11. If the UA loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA will return to the
                launch site of the UA, or another more appropriate site, and land.
         12. The UA will have the capability to abort a flight in case ofunpredicted obstacles or
                emergencies.

                                      14 C.F.R. PART 21, SUBPART H:
                  AIRWORTHINESS CERTIFICATES 14 C.F.R. §91.203 (A) (1)

         Subpart H, entitled Airworthiness Certificates, establishes the procedural requirements for
the issuance of airworthiness certificates as required by FAR §91.203 (a) (1 ). Given the size and
limited operating area associated with the aircraft to be utilized by Michael's Drone Photography,
an exemption from Part 21 Subpart H meets the requirements of an equivalent level of safety under

                                                              10

                      Michael's Drone Photography, 1850 Golden Gate Avenue, Kingman, Arizona 86401
                                                                Phone: (928) 897-2631
Part 11 and Section 333 of the Reform Act. The Federal Aviation Act (49 U.S.C.§44701 (f)) and
Section 333 ofthe Reform Act both authorize the FAA to exempt aircraft from the requirement for
an airworthiness certificate, upon consideration of the size, weight, speed, operational capability,
and proximity to airports and populated areas of the particular UA. In all cases, an analysis of
these criteria demonstrates that the UA operated without an airworthiness certificate, in the
restricted environment and under the conditions proposed will be at least as safe, or safer, than a
conventional aircraft (fixed wing or rotorcraft) operating with an airworthiness certificate without
the restrictions and conditions proposed.

         The UAs to be operated hereunder is less than five (5) pounds (2.26796 Kg) fully loaded,
carries neither a pilot nor passenger, carries no explosive materials or flammable liquid fuels, and
operates exclusively within a secured area. Unlike other civil aircraft, operations under this
exemption will be tightly controlled and monitored by both the operator, and under the
requirements and in compliance with local public safety requirements, to provide security for the
area of operation as is now done with conventional aerial videography and photography. Lastly,
application of these same criteria demonstrates that there is no credible threat to national security
posed by the UAs, due to its size, speed of operation, location of operation, lack of explosive
materials or flammable liquid fuels, and inability to carry a substantial external load.

                        14 C.F.R. § 45.23 (B). MARKING OF THE AIRCRAFT

         The regulation requires:
              When marks include only the Roman capital letter "N" and the registration number
              is displayed on limited, restricted or light-sport category aircraft or experimental or
              provisionally certificated aircraft, the operator must also display on that aircraft
              near each entrance to the cabin, cockpit, or pilot station, in letters not less than 2
              inches nor more than 6 inches high, the words "limited," "restricted," "light-sport,"
              "experimental," or "provisional," as applicable.

         Even though the UAs will have no airworthiness certificate, an exemption may be needed
as the UAs will have no entrance to the cabin, cockpit or pilot station on which the words "limited,"
"restricted," "light-sport," "experimental," or "provisional," may be placed. Given the size of the
UAs, two-inch lettering will be impossible. The word "experimental," or any other term as is so
required, will be placed on the fuselage of the UAs in compliance with §45.29 (f).

         The equivalent level of safety will be provided by having the UAs marked on its fuselage
as required by §45.29 (f) where the pilot, observer and others working with the UAs will see the
identification of the UAs as "Experimental." The FAA has issued the following exemptions to this
regulation to Exemptions Nos. 10700, 8738, 10167 and 10167A.

                                                                   11

                       Michael's Drone Photography, 1850 Golden Gate Avenue, Kingman, Arizona 86401
                                                                 Phone: (928) 897-2631
           14 C.F.R. § 61.113(A) & (B); 61.133(A): PRIVATE PILOT PRIVILEGES
                                                                                                                                               I.

  ANDLIMITATIONS; PILOT IN COMMAND; COMMERCIAL PILOT PRIVILEGES
                             AND LIMITATIONS: PILOT IN COMMAND

         Section 61.113(a) & (b) limit private pilots to non-commercial operations. Unlike a
conventional aircraft that carries a pilot, passengers, and cargo, the UA in this case is remotely
controlled with no passengers or property of others on board. Section 61.133(a) requires an
individual with a commercial pilot's license to be pilot in command of an aircraft for
compensation or hire. Michael's Drone Photography respectfully proposes that operator
requirements should take into account the characteristics of the particular UA. Michael's Drone
Photography's UAs have various built-in technical capabilities that strictly limit the potential for
operation outside of the operating conditions set forth in the exemption application including a
fly back to launch point to terminate the flight. Since hobbyists are not required to have a pilot
license, Michael's Drone Photography requests exemption for the need of the pilot to be licensed
as a pilot by the FAA.

    · Detection of lost GPS or of insufficient satellites initiates an immediate return to launch
         location.

    · Low power on the aircraft triggers escalating alarms at 30% and 15% levels.
    · The aircraft weighs less than five (5) pounds (2.26796 Kg), fully loaded.

         Given these safety features, Michael's Drone Photography proposes that operators of the
UAs should only be required to hold a private pilot's license and not a commercial pilot's license.

        Michael's Drone Photography notes that the FAA has found that safety factors permitted
operation of UAs by operators with these qualifications in the case of operations pursuant to
public COAs where the mandatory operating conditions specified above are present. Please see
Federal Aviation Administration, Notice N-8900.227, Unmanned Aircraft Systems (UAS)
Operational Approval, at 20-21 (July 30, 2013). The FAA has the statutory authority, granted at
49 U.S.C.§44701(f) to waive the pilot requirements for commercial operations.

         Given these conditions and restrictions, an equivalent level of safety will be provided by
allowing operation of Michael's Drone Photography's UAs without a commercial pilot's license,
under the conditions set forth herein.

        The risks associated with the operation of Michael's Drone Photography's UAs (given its
size, speed, operational capabilities, and lack of combustible fuel) are so diminished from the level
of risk associated with private pilot operations or commercial operations contemplated by Part 61

                                                              12

                      Michael's Drone Photography, 1850 Golden Gate Avenue, Kingman, Arizona 86401
                                                                 Phone: (928) 897-2631
with conventional aircraft (fixed wing or rotorcraft), that allowing operations of the UAs as set
forth above meets or exceeds the present level of safety provided under 14 C.F.R. § 61.113(a) &
(b) and does not rise to the level of requiring a commercial pilot to operate the aircraft under
§61.133(a).

         Sections 61.113 (a) & (b) limit private pilots to non-commercial operations. Because the
UAs will not carry a pilot or passengers, the proposed operations can achieve the equivalent level
of safety of current operations by requiring the PILOT operating the aircraft to have a private
pilot's license rather than a commercial pilot's license to operate these small UAs. Unlike a
conventional aircraft that carries the pilot and passengers, the UAs are remotely controlled with no
living thing on board. The area of operation is controlled and restricted, and all flights are planned
and coordinated in advance. The level of safety provided by Michael's Drone Photography's
exceeds that provided by a single individual holding a commercial pilot's certificate operating a
conventional aircraft. The risks associated with the operation of the UAs are so diminished from
the level of risk associated with commercial operations contemplated by Part 61 when drafted, that
allowing operations of the UAs as requested with a private pilot as the PILOT exceeds the present
level of safety achieved by 14 C.F.R. §61.113 (a) & (b).

                    14 C.F.R. §91.7(A): CIVIL AIRCRAFT AIRWORTHINESS

        The regulation requires that no person may operate a civil aircraft unless it is in airworthy
condition. As there will be no airworthiness certificate issued for the aircraft, should this
exemption be granted, no FAA regulatory standard will exist for determining airworthiness. Given
the size of the aircraft and the requirements for maintenance and use of safety check lists prior to
each flight.

   14 C.F.R. § 91.9 (B) (2): CIVIL AIRCRAFT FLIGHT MANUAL IN THE AIRCRAFT

         Section 91.9 (b) (2) provides:

             No person may operate a U.S. registered civil aircraft ...

             (2) For which an Airplane or Rotorcraft Flight Manual is not required by §21.5 of
             this chapter, unless there is available in the aircraft a current approved airplane or
             Rotorcraft Flight Manual, approved manual material, markings, and placards, or
             any combination thereof.

                                                                13

                      Michael's Drone Photography, 1850 Golden Gate Avenue, Kingman, Arizona 86401
                                                                Phone: (928) 897-2631
         The UAs, given their size and configuration has no ability or place to carry such a flight
manual on the aircraft, not only because there is no pilot on board, but because there is no room or
capacity to carry such an item on the aircraft.

         The equivalent level of safety will be maintained by keeping at the ground control point
where the pilot flying the UAs will have immediate access to it. The FAA has issued the following
exemptions to this regulation: Please see FAA Exemption Nos. 8607, 8737, 8738, 9299, 9299A,
9565, 9565B, 10167, 10167A, 10602, 32827, and 10700.

                                14 C.F.R. § 91.103: PREFLIGHT ACTION

         This regulation requires each pilot in command to take certain actions before flight to insure
the safety offlight. As FAA approved rotorcraft flight manuals will not be provided for the aircraft
an exemption will be needed. An equivalent level of safety will be provided. The PILOT will take
all actions including reviewing weather, flight battery requirements, landing and takeoff distances
and aircraft performance data before initiation of flight.

                               14 C.F.R. §91.109: FLIGHT INSTRUCTION

         Section 91.109 provides that no person may operate a civil aircraft (except a manned free
balloon) that is being used for flight instruction unless that aircraft has fully functioning dual
controls.

         UAs and remotely piloted aircraft, by their design do not have fully functional dual controls.
Flight control is accomplished through the use of a control box that communicates with the aircraft
via radio communications. The FAA has approved exemptions for flight training without fully
functional dual controls for a number of aircraft and for flight instruction in experimental aircraft.
Please see FAA Exemption Nos. 5778K & 9862A. The equivalent level of safety is provided as
neither a pilot nor passengers will be carried in the aircraft and by the size and speed of the aircraft.

                          14 C.F.R. §91.119: MINIMUM SAFE ALTITUDES

         Section 91.119 establishes safe altitudes for operation of civil aircraft. Section 91.119(d)
allows helicopters to be operated at less than the minimums prescribed, provided the person
operating the helicopter complies with any route or altitudes prescribed for helicopters by the FAA.
As this exemption is for UAs that are a helicopter and the exemption requests authority to operate
at altitudes up to three hundred (300) feet AGL, an exemption may be needed to allow such
operations. As set forth herein, except for the limited conditions, the UAs will never operate at
higher than three hundred (300) feet AGL. It will however be operated in a restricted area with

                                                            14

                      Michael's Drone Photography, 1850 Golden Gate Avenue, Kingman, Arizona 86401
                                                                Phone: (928) 897-2631
security perimeter, where buildings and people will not be exposed to operations without their pre-
obtained consent.

         The equivalent level of safety will be achieved given the size, weight, speed of the UAs as
well as the location where it is operated. No flight will be taken without the permission of the
property owner or local officials. Because of the advance notice to the property owner(s), or their
authorized representative(s), all affected individuals will be aware of the planned flight operations.
When one compares the flight operations proposed herein with aircraft or rotorcraft weighing far
in excess of the less than five (5) pounds (2.26796 Kg) and the lack of flammable fuel, any risk
associated with these proposed operations is far less than those presently presented with
conventional aircraft operating at or below five hundred (500) feet AGL. In addition, the low-
altitude operations of the UAs will ensure separation between these small UAs operations and the
operations of conventional aircraft that must comply with Section 91.119.

                              14 C.F.R. §91.121 ALTIMETER SETTINGS

         This regulation requires each person operating an aircraft to maintain cruising altitude by
reference to an altimeter that is set "...to the elevation of the departure airport or an appropriate
altimeter setting available before departure." As the UA may not have a barometric altimeter, but
instead a GPS altitude read out, an exemption may be needed. An equivalent level of safety will
be achieved by the operator, confirming the altitude of the launch site shown on the GPS altitude
indicator before flight.

 14 C.F.R. § 91.151(A): FUEL REQUIREMENTS FOR FLIGHT IN VFR CONDITIONS
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  ;

         Section 91.151 (a) prohibits an individual from beginning "a flight in an airplane under
VFR conditions unless (considering wind and forecast weather conditions) there is enough fuel to
fly to the first point of intended landing, and, assuming normal cruising speed - (1) During the
day, to fly after that for at least 30 minutes; or (2) At night, to fly after that for at least 45 minutes."

Michael's Drone Photography believes that an equivalent level of safety can be achieved by
limiting flights to fifteen (15) minutes or thirty percent (30%) of battery power whichever happens
first. This restriction would be more than adequate to return the UAs to their planned landing zone
from anywhere in its limited operating area.

         Similar exemptions have been granted to other operations, including Exemptions 2689F,
5745, 10673, and 10808.

                        14 C.F.R. §91.203 (A) AND (B): CARRYING CIVIL
                                                              15

                      Michael's Drone Photography, 1850 Golden Gate Avenue, Kingman, Arizona 86401
                                                                Phone:(928)897-2631
                       AIRCRAFT CERTIFICATION AND REGISTRATION

         The regulation provides in pertinent part:

                (a) Except as provided in§ 91.715, no person may operate a civil aircraft unless it
                     has within it the following:

                  (1) An appropriate and current airworthiness certificate....

                (b) No person may operate a civil aircraft unless the airworthiness certificate required
                     by paragraph (a) of this section or a special flight authorization issued tmder
                     §91.715 is displayed at the cabin or cockpit entrance so that it is legible to
                     passengers or crew.

         The UAs fully loaded weight is no greater than five (5) pounds (2.26796 Kg) and is
operated without an onboard pilot. As such, there is no ability or place to carry certification and
registration documents or to display them on the UA.

         An equivalent level of safety will be achieved by keeping these documents at the ground
control point where the pilot flying the UA will have immediate access to them to the extent they
are applicable to the UA. The FAA has issued numerous exemptions to this regulation. A
representative sample of other exceptions includes Exemption Nos. 9565, 9665, 9789, 9789A,
9797, 9797A, 9816A, and 10700.

                    14 C.F.R. §91.405 (A); 407 (A) (1); 409 (A) (2); 417(A) & (B):
                                     MAINTENANCE INSPECTIONS

         These regulations require that an aircraft operator or owner "shall have that aircraft
inspected as prescribed in subpart E of this part and shall between required inspections, except as
provided in paragraph (c) of this section, have discrepancies repaired as prescribed in part 43 of
this chapter...," and others shall inspect or maintain the aircraft in compliance with Part 43.

         Given that these section and Part 43 apply only to aircraft with an airworthiness certificate,
these sections will not apply to Michael's Drone Photography. Maintenance will be accomplished
by the operator pursuant to the flight manual and operating handbook. An equivalent level of safety
will be achieved because these small UAs are very limited in size and will carry a small payload
and operate only in restricted areas for limited periods of time. If mechanical issues arise the UAs
may land immediately and will be operating from no higher than three-hundred (300) feet AGL.
The operator will ensure that the UAs are in working order prior to initiating flight, perform

                                                           16

                      Michael's Drone Photography, 1850 Golden Gate Avenue, Kingman, Arizona 86401
                                                                Phone: (928) 897-2631
required maintenance, and keep a log of any maintenance performed. Moreover, the operator is the
person most familiar with the aircraft and best suited to maintain the aircraft in an airworthy
condition to provide the equivalent level of safety.

                                                 *********

         Pursuant to 14 C.F.R. Part 11, the following summary is provided for publication in the
Federal Register, should it be determined that publication is needed:

         Michael's Drone Photography seeks an exemption from the following rules:

          14 C.P.R. §21, subpart H; 14 C.F.R 45.23(b);14 C.P.R.§§ 61.113( a) & (b);91.7 (a); 91.9
         (b) (2);91.103(b);91.109; 91.119; 91.121; 91.151(a);91.203(a) and (b); 91.405 (a); 91.407
         (a) (1); 91.409 (a) (2); 91.409 (a) (2) and 91.417 (a) & (b) to operate commercially a small
         unmanned vehicle weighing less than fifty-five (55) pounds (25 Kg) in its operations.

         Approval of exemptions allowing commercial operations of UAs in the purposes outlined
above (or similar operations) will enhance safety by reducing risk. Conventional aerial
videography and photography operations, using jet or piston power aircraft, operate at extremely
low altitudes just feet from the object being photographed and often in extreme proximity to people
and structures; and present the risks associated with vehicles that weigh in the neighborhood of
four thousand (4,000) pounds, carrying large amounts ofjet A or other fuel (one hundred and forty
(140) gallons for jet helicopters). Such aircraft must fly to and from the site's location. In contrast,
a UA weighing less than five (5) pounds (2.26796 Kg) pounds and powered by batteries eliminates
virtually all of that risk given the reduced mass and lack of combustible fuel carried on board. The
UA is carried to the site of the purposes outlined above (or similar operations) and not flown to the
site. The UA will carry no passengers or crew and, therefore, will not expose them to the risks
associated with manned aircraft flights.

         The operation of small UAs, weighing less than five (5) pounds (2.26796 Kg), conducted
in the strict conditions outlined above, will provide an equivalent level of safety supporting the
grant ofthe exemptions requested herein, including exempting Michael's Drone Photography from
the requirements ofPart 21 and allowing commercial operations. These lightweight aircraft operate
at slow speeds, close to the ground, and in a sterile environment and, as a result, are far safer than
conventional operations conducted with turbine helicopters operating in close proximity to the
ground and people.

                                                       PRIVACY

         All flights will occur over private, controlled or approved property with the property
owner's, or their authorized representative, prior consent and knowledge. The aerial videography

                                                              17

                      Michael's Drone Photography, 1850 Golden Gate Avenue, Kingman, Arizona 86401
                                                                 Phone: (928) 897-2631
and photography will be of structures and property whose owner, or authorized representative, has
consented to the aerial videography and photography or otherwise have agreed to be in the area
where aerial videography and photography will take place. The grant of this exemption request
will provide improved safety in all operations.

         Satisfaction ofthe criteria provided in Section 333 ofthe Reform Act of2012- size, weight,
speed, operating capabilities, proximity to airports and populated areas and operation within visual
line of sight and national security- provide more than adequate justification for the granting ofthe
requested exemptions allowing commercial operation of Michael's Drone Photography's UAs.

  SUMMARY OF MICHAEL'S DRONE PHOTOGRAPHY'S REQUEST FOR AN FAA
                                                                                                                                                                                                       I
                                                  EXEMPTION

         1. Michael's Drone Photography's UAs must weigh less than five (5) pounds
(2.26796 Kg), including energy source(s) and equipment. Operations authorized by the grant of an
exemption are limited to the following aircraft: Michael's Drone Photography's UA aircraft
variant, bearing serial #PH645210898 onward as additional UAs are utilized by Michael's Drone
Photography provided the additional UAs are of the same or similar specifications as the UA
bearing serial# PH645210898. Any proposed operations of any other aircraft will require a new
petition or a petition to amend this grant.

         2. Michael's Drone Photography's UAs may not be flown at a ground speed exceeding
thirty (30) knots.

         3. Michael's Drone Photography's flights must be operated at an altitude of no more
than three hundred (300) feet above ground level (AGL), as indicated by the procedures. All
altitudes reported to ATC must be in feet AGL.

         4. Michael's Drone Photography's UAs must be operated within the VLOS of the
PILOT at all times. This requires the PILOT to be able to use human vision unaided by any device
other than corrective lenses.

         5. All Michael's Drone Photography operations must utilize aVO. The VO may be
used to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PILOT always maintains VLOS capability.
The VO and PILOT must be able to communicate verbally at all times.

         6. Prior to each flight the PILOT must inspect the UA to ensure it is in a condition for
safe flight. Ifthe inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation ofthe UA, the aircraft
is prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the UA is

                                                             18

                      Michael's Drone Photography, 1850 Golden Gate Avenue, Kingman, Arizona 86401
                                                                Phone: (928) 897-2631
found to be in a condition for safe flight. A Ground Control Station, if utilized, must be included
in the preflight inspection. All maintenance and alterations must be properly documented in the
aircraft records.

         7. Any UA that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UA's
operation or flight characteristics, e.g. replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo a
functional test flight. The PILOT who conducts the functional test flight must make an entry in the
UA's aircraft records of the flight.

         8. Michael's Drone Photography must follow the manufacturer's UA
aircraft/component, maintenance, overhaul, replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements.
When unavailable, aircraft maintenance/component/overhaul, replacement, and
inspection/maintenance requirements must be established and identified. At a minimum,
requirements for the following may be included in protocols and controls to be established by
Michael's Drone Photography:

         a. Actuators/Servos;
         b. Transmission (single rotor);
         c. Power plant (motors);
         d. Propellers;
         e. Electronic speed controller;
         f. Batteries;
         g. Mechanical dynamic components (single rotor);
         h. Remote command and control;
         1. Ground control station (if used); and
        J. Any other components as determined by Michael's Drone Photography.

         10. Prior to operations conducted for the purposes outlined above (or similar
operations), the PILOT must have accumulated and logged, in a manner consistent with 14 CFR §
61.51(b), a minimum of twenty-five (25) hours of total time as a UA rotorcraft pilot (single blade
or multi-rotor) and at least ten (1 0) hours logged as a UA pilot with multi-rotor UA which is similar
to the UA to be utilized pursuant to this exemption. Prior documented flight experience that was
obtained in compliance with applicable regulations may satisfy this requirement. Training,
proficiency, and experience-building flights must be conducted under an exemption to accomplish
the required flight cycles and flight time. During training, proficiency, and experience-building
flights, all persons not essential for flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PILOT
must operate the UA with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR §
91.119.

                                                              19

                      Michael's Drone Photography, 1850 Golden Gate Avenue, Kingman, Arizona 86401
                                                                Phone: (928) 897-2631
         11. Prior to operations conducted for the purposes outlined above (or similar
operations), the PILOT must have accumulated and logged, in a manner consistent with 14 CFR §
61.51(b), a minimum of five (5) hours as a UA pilot operating the make and model ofUAs to be
utilized for operations under the exemption and three (3) take-offs and three (3) landings in the
preceding ninety (90) days. Training, proficiency, experience-building, and take-off and landing
currency flights can be conducted under the grant of exemption to accomplish the required flight
time and ninety (90) day currency. During training, proficiency, experience-building, and take-off
and landing currency flights all persons not essential for flight operations are considered
nonparticipants, and the PILOT must operate the UA with appropriate distance from
nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

         12. Michael's Drone Photography shall not permit the PILOT to operate the UAS for
the purpose of aerial videography or photography (or similar operations), unless the PILOT has
demonstrated and logged in a manner consistent with 14 CFR 61.51 (b), the ability to safely operate
the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated under this exemption,
including evasive and emergency maneuvers and maintaining appropriate distances from people,
vessels, vehicles and structures.

         13. The UA may not be operated directly over any person, except authorized and
consenting personnel and persons, below an altitude that is hazardous to persons or property on
the surface in the event of a UA's failure or an emergency.

         14. At all times, those persons must be essential to the purposes outlined above (or
similar operations). Because these procedures are specific to participating persons, no further
FSDO or aviation safety inspector approval is necessary for reductions to the distances specified
in Michael's Drone Photography's manuals.

         15. Michael's Drone Photography's flight operations must be conducted at least 500
feet from all nonparticipating persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:

                  a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating
                      persons from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator
                      must ensure that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a
                      situation arises where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are
                      within 500 feet of the UA, flight operations must cease immediately and/or;

                  b. The aircraft is operated near vessels, vehicles or structures where the
                      owner/controller of such vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission

                                                             20

                      Michael's Drone Photography, 1850 Golden Gate Avenue, Kingman, Arizona 86401
                                                                Phone: {928) 897-2631
                      and the PILOT has made a safety assessment of the risk of operating closer to
                      those objects and determined that it does not present an undue hazard, and;
                  c. Operations nearer to the PILOT, VO, operator trainees or essential persons do
                      not present an undue hazard to those persons per § 91.119(a).

         16. If the UAs lose communications or loses its GPS signal, the UAs must return to a
pre-determined location within the security perimeter and land or be recovered.

         17. The UAs must abort the flight in the event ofunpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

         18. Each UA operation must be completed within fifteen (15) minutes flight time or
with thirty percent (30%) battery power remaining, whichever occurs first.

         19. Michael's Drone Photography must obtain an Air Traffic Organization (ATO)
issued Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA) prior to conducting any operations under this
grant of exemption. This COA will also require Michael's Drone Photography to request a Notice
to Airman (NOTAM) not more than seventy-two (72) hours in advance, but not less than forty-
eight (48) hours prior to the operation.

        20. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification (N-Number)
markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must be as large as practicable.

        21. Michael's Drone Photography has developed procedures to document and maintain
a record of the UA's maintenance, preventative maintenance, alterations, status of
replacement/overhaul component parts, and the total time in service of the UAs.

        22. Each UA operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer Safety
Bulletins.

        23. The preflight inspection section in Michael's Drone Photography's Confidential
Protocols and Controls Exhibit includes the following requirement: The preflight inspection must
account for all discrepancies, i.e. inoperable components, items, or equipment, not covered in the
relevant preflight inspection.

        24. Before conducting operations, the radio frequency spectrum used for operation and
control of the UA must comply with the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) or other
appropriate government oversight agency requirements.

                                                            21

                      Michael's Drone Photography, 1850 Golden Gate Avenue, Kingman, Arizona 86401
                                                                Phone: (928) 897-2631
         25. The documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
PILOT at the Ground Control Station, if utilized, of the UA at any time the UA is operating. These
documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon
request.

         26. Michael's Drone Photography's UAs must remain clear and yield the right of way
to all other manned operations and activities at all times (including, but not limited to, ultralight
vehicles, parachute activities, parasailing activities, hang gliders, etc.).

         27. Michael's Drone Photography's UA operations may not be conducted during night,
as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All operations must be conducted under visual meteorological
conditions (VMC). Flights under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

         28. Michael's Drone Photography's UAs may not be operated by the PILOT from any
moving device or vehicle.

         29. Michael's Drone Photography's UAs may not be operated less than five-hundred
(500) feet below or less than two-thousand (2,000) feet horizontally from a cloud or when visibility
is less than three (3) statute miles from the PILOT.

         30. Michael's Drone Photography's UA may not operate in Class B, C, or D airspace
without written approval from the FAA. The UA may not operate within five (5) nautical miles of
the geographic center of a non-towered airport as denoted on a current FAA-published aeronautical
chart unless a letter of agreement with that airport's management is obtained, and the operation is
conducted in accordance with a NOTAM as required by the Michael's Drone Photography's COA.
The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available to the Administrator
upon request. .

         31. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
boundaries ofthe operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported to the FAA's
UA Integration Office (AFS-80) within twenty-four (24) hours. Accidents must be reported to the
National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions contained on the NTSB Web site:
www.ntsb.gov.

         32. Michael's Drone Photography's UAs, the UA's PILOT, and the UA's operations
must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to, parts 45, 47, 61, and
91.

                                                              22

                      Michael's Drone Photography, 1850 Golden Gate Avenue, Kingman, Arizona 86401
                                                                Phone: (928) 897-2631
          As mentioned above, the FAA has already granted a previous exemption which is
 essentially identical to the exemption being sought by Michael's Drone Photography in this
 petition for an exemption. Please see FAA Exemption No. 11138.

          Therefore, Michael's Drone Photography respectfully requests the FAA grant an exemption
 pursuant to its application as outlined above.
 Sincerely,

~
 Manager
 Michael's Drone Photography, L.L.C.

                                                              23

                         Michael's Drone Photography, 1850 Golden Gate Avenue, Kingman, Arizona 86401
                                                                   Phone: (928) 897-2631
INSPIRE 1

User tvlanual lY!:?J

2015.3
Using this manual

0 Warning  & Important  ;\): Hints and Tips 1iGJ Reference

The following tutorials and manuals have been produced to ensure you to rnake full use of your Inspire 1.

1.Disclairner
2.1nthe Box
3.1nspire 1 Quick Start Guide
4.Safety Guidelines
5.1nspire 1 User Manl)al
6.1ntelligent Flight Battery Safety Guidelines

Watching all the tutorial videos and reading the Disclaimer before flight is recornrnended. Afterwards,
prepare for your first flight by using the Inspire 1 Quick Start Guide. Refer to this rnanual for rnore
comprehensive information.

Please watch the tutorial video below to learn how to use Inspire 1 correctly and safely:  -1!1 .
www.dji.corn/producVinspire-1 /video

Download and install the DJI Pilot app before use. Scan the OR code or visit
"http://m.dji.neVdjipilot" to download the app.

For the best experience, use rnobile device with Andriod V 4.1.2 or above. Requires iOS 8.0 or later.
Contents                                            2
                                                    2
Using this manual                                   2
           Legends                                  2
           Before Flight
           Watch the video tutorials                6
           Download the DJI Pilot app               6
                                                    7
Product Profile                                     9
           Introduction                             9
           Feature Highlights
           Assemble the Aircraft                   12
           Aircraft Diagram                        12
           Remote Controller Diagram               12
                                                   13
Aircraft                                           15
           Flight Controller                       16
           Flight Mode                             17
           Flight Status Indicator                 17
           Return to Home (RTH)                    18
           Dynamic Home Point
           Vision Positioning System               24
           Flight Recorder                         24
           Attaching and Detaching the Propellers  29
           DJilntelligent Flight Battery
                                                   31
Remote Controllers
           Remote Controller Profile               32
           Remote Controller Operations
           Dual Remote Controllers Mode            33
          Remote Controller Status LED
          Linking the Remote Controller            35
           Remote Controller Compliance Version    36

Gimbal and Camera
          Camera Profile
          Gimbal
DJI Pilot App                                         40
          Camera                                      43
           Map                                        43
           Academy                                    43
           User Center
                                                      45
Flight                                                45
           Flight Environment Requirements            49
           Flight Limits and Flight Restriction Area  49
           Preflight Checklist                        50
           Calibrating the Compass                    51
           Auto Take-off and Auto Landing             51
           Starting/Stopping the Motors
           Flight Test                                57
                                                      60
FAQ                                                   61
                                                      62
Appendix
           Specifications
           Intelligent Orientation Control (IOC)
           How to Update Firmware
           FCC Compliance

4 © ?O"lf.i OJI All Ript"its ResE'rved
Product Profile

This chapter describes the features of
Inspire 1, instructs you to assemble the
aircraft and explains the components on
the aircraft and remote controllers.
Product Profile

The Inspire 1 is brand new quadcopter capable of capturing 4K video and transmitting an HD video
signal (up to 2km) to multiple devices straight out of the box. Equipped with retractable landing gear, it
can capture an unobstructed 360 degree view from its camera. The built-in camera has an integrated
gimbal to maximize stability and weight efficiency while minimizing space. When no GPS signal is
available, Vision Positioning technology provides hovering precision.

Camera and Gimbal: Up to 4K video recording and 12 megapixel photo capture. Reserved mounting
space for ND filters for better exposure control. New quick-release mount allows you to remove the
camera with ease.

HD Video Downlink: Low latency, HD downlink powered by an enhanced version of the DJI Lightbridge
system. It also provides dual controllers mode.

Landing gear: Retractable landing gear that enables an unobstructed panoramic view from the camera.
DJI Intelligent Flight Battery: 4500 mAh DJI Intelligent Flight Battery employs new battery cells and a
battery management system.

Flight Controller: The next generation flight controller system provides a more reliable flight experience.
A new flight recorder stores the flight data from each flight, and Vision Positioning enhances hovering
precision when no GPS is available.

Unlocking Travel Mode
The aircraft is in Travel Mode during delivery. Follow these steps to change it to Landing Mode before
your first flight:
1. Insert the Intelligent Flight Battery into the battery compartment.
2. Power on the Remote Controller and the Intelligent Flight Battery.
3. Toggle the Transformation Switch up and down at least four times.
4. Power off the aircraft.

Travel Modf:"!  Togglex4  Landing Mode
                                                                                                     INSPIRE 1 User IV!anual

 & · Battery must be fully charged before using it for the first time. Refer to "Charging the Intelligent

           Flight Battery' (P21) for more information .
         · If you have purchased the dual remote controller version, you must use the Master remote

           controller to deactivate Travel Mode. Refer to "Setting Up Dual Remote Controllers Mode' (P30)
           section for more infromation about Master remote controller.
         · Be sure to remove the gimbal from the aircraft before switch from Landing Mode to Travel Mode.
         · Place the aircraft on the smooth and reflective surface (e.g. table or tile) before switching between
           the travel modes to the landing mcde. Do not place the aircraft on the rough and sound-absorbing
           surface (e.g. carpet) before switching between the travel modes and landing mode.

Installing Gimbal and Camera
1. Remove Gimbal Cover.
2. Rotate the Gimbal Lock to the unlocked position (to the right when facing the nose of the aircraft).
3. Insert the gimbal by aligning the white mark on the Gimbal.
4. Rotate the Gimbal Lock back into the locked position.

  ~-······

a Gimbal Cover

 & Ensure the Micro-SO card is correctly inserted into the camera.

Attaching Propellers
Attach propellers with the black nut onto motors with the black dot and spin counter-clockwise to secure.
Attach propellers with gray nut onto motors without a black dot and spin clockwise to secure.
INSPIRE 1 User Manual

 & Place all propellers onto the correct motor and tighten by hand to ensure security before flight.

Attaching 1345s Quick-Release Propellers
The 1345s Quick-Release propeller is the upgrade version of the propellers that greatly enhance the
reliability of the propeller during the flight. Following the steps below to attach the 1345s Quick-Release
propellers.

1. Install the propellers with a white dot onto the mounting plates that have a white dot, and install the
   propellers without a white dot onto the mounting plates that do not have a white dot.

                            ~
                                                                                                                                                W1lhout wh1le dot
                                                                                                   Without
                                                                                                            whitr::dot

2. Align the hook (A) on the propellers with the securing spring (B), then press down the propeller onto
   the mounting plate then rotate the propellers according to the lock direction until it is secured.

Preparing Remote Controller
Tilt the Mobile Device Holder to the desired position then adjust the antenna as shown.
1. Press the button on the side of the Mobile Device Holder to release the clamp, adjust it to fit then attach

   your mobile device.
2. Connect your mobile device to the remote controller with a USB cable.
3. Plug one end of the cable into your mobile device, and the other end into the USB port on the back of

   the remote controller.
                                                      INSPIRE 1 User Manual

                                             [1] GPS

                                                                                   [2] Propeller (P17)
                                                                       [2]
                                                                [3] [3] Motor

                                                                             [·1]

[6] [4] Front LED (P12)

                                                                          [5]

                       --- [9]               [5] Landing gear                                           -o
                                             [6] Gimbal and Camera (P35)                                0

                                             [7] Intelligent Flight Battery (P18)                       sCcl.

                                                                                                        g-o,

                                                                                                        ro

[11] [8] Aircraft Micro--USB Port

                                             [9] Rear LED (P12)

                                             [10] Camera Micro-USB Port

                                             [11] Camera Micro-SO Card Slot (P35)

                                       [121  [12] Vision Positioning Sensors (P16)
                       ------[13]            [13] Aircraft Status Indicator (P13)

[7]----H~..~--                  [1] Antennas (P29)
                                    Relays aircraft control and video signaL
             ----~---
                                [2] Mobile Device Holder
                                    Mounting place for your mobile device.

                                [3] Control Stick
                                    Controls aircraft orientation.

                                [4] Return Home (RTH) Button (P13)
                                    Press and hold the button to initiate Return to
                                    Horne (RTH).

                                [5] Transformation Switch (P27)
                                    Toggle the switch up or down to raise or lower
                                    the landing gear.
INSPIRE 1 User Manual                    [8) Power Button
                                             Used to power on or power off the remote controller.
[6] Battery Level LEDs
    Displays the current battery level.  [9) RTH LED
                                             Circular LED around the RTH button displays RTH status.
[7) Status LED
    Displays the power status.

       [10] Camera Settings Dial                                                        [18] CAN Bus Port
             Turn the dial to adjust camera settings.                                        Reserved for future use.
             Only functions when the remote controller is
             connected to a mobile device running the DJI                               [19) USB Port
             Pilotapp.                                                                       Connect to mobile device to access all of the
                                                                                             DJI Pilot app controls and features.
g,"1J
       [11) Playback Button                                                             [20] GPS Module
<D Playback the captured images or videos.                                                   Used to pinpoint the location of the remote
                                                                                             controller.
       [12) Shutter Button
             Press to take a photo. If in burst mode, the                               [21] Back Left Button
             set number of photos will be taken with one                                     Customizable button in DJI Pilot app.
             press.
                                                                                        [22) Power Port
       [13) Flight Mode Switch                                                               Connect to a power source to charge the
             Used to switch between P, A and F mode.                                         remote controller's internal battery.

       [14) Video Recording Button                                                      [23] Back Right Button
             Press to start recording video. Press again to                                  Customizable button in OJI Pilot app.
             stop recording.

       [15] Gimbal Dial
             Use this dial to control the tilt of the gimbal.

       [16) Mini-HDMI Port
            Connect an HD compatible monitor to this
            port to get a live HD video preview of what the
            camera sees.

       [17) Micro-USB Port
             For connecting the remote controller to your
             computer.

                                                  /""" ""'"""'""'""''""'---······ [20]

10 © 2015 Dd! .All Rights Rt~servt1d.
Aircraft

This chapter describes the features of
the Flight Controller, Vision Positioning
System and the Intelligent Flight Battery.

                              @ 20iS D,JI. AH Rlgh!~· R-asElrvt.KL 11
      Aircraft

      The Inspire 1's flight controller is based on DJI flight controller with several enhancements such as new
      flight mode and new safe mode. Three safe modes are available: Failsafe, Return Home and Dynamic
      Home Point. These features ensure the safe return of your aircraft if the control signal is lost. A flight
      recorder stores crucial flight data for each flight.

      Three flight modes are available. The details of each flight mode are found in the section below:

~)>·  P mode (Positioning) : P mode works best when GPS signal is strong. There are three different states of P
      mode, which will be automatically selected by the Inspire 1 depending on GPS signal strength and Vision
~ Positioning sensors:

      P-GPS: GPS and Vision Positioning both are available, and the aircraft is using GPS for positioning.

      P-OPTI: Vision Positioning is available but the GPS signal is not. Aircraft is using only Vision

      Positioning for hovering

      P-ATII: Neither GPS or Vision Positioning available, aircraft is using only its barometer for positioning,

      so only altitude is controlled.

      A mode (Attitude): The GPS and Vision Positioning System is not used for holding position. The aircraft

      only uses its barometer to maintain altitude. If it is still receiving a GPS signal, the aircraft can automatically

      return home if the Remote Controller signal is lost and if the Home Point has been recorded successfully.

      F mode (Function): Intelligent Orientation Control (IOC) is activated in this mode. For more information

      about IOC, refer to the IOC in Appendix.

      :1;/: Use the Flight Controller mode switch to change the flight mode of the aircraft, refer to the "Flight

             Mode Switch" on P27 for more information.

      The INSPIRE 1 comes with the Front LED, Rear LED and Aircraft Status Indicator. The positions of these
      LEOs are shown in the figure below:

                                                                                                                                           ........ Aircraft Status Indicator

                        Front lED               Rear LED

      The Front and Rear LED show the orientation of the aircraft. The Front LED displays solid red and the
      Rear LED displays solid green.
      Aircraft Status Indicator shows the system status of the flight controller. Refer to the table below for more
      information about the Aircraft Status Indicator:

      12 © 2015 DJi ;\!I Rights Rt~s-ervo:1d.
                                                                                  INSPIRE 1 User Manual

:~8).-:i{JF(v): ...... Red, Green and Yellow Flash  Power on and self-check

Alternatively

Jg) ·· ··· ·Green Flashes Slowly                    Safe to Fly (P mode with GPS and Vision Positioning)

"'~/······Yellow Flashes Slowly                     Safe to Fly (A mode but No GPS and Vision Positioning)
                                                    Remote Controller Signal Lost
'(yj ...... Fast Yellow Flashing

"'~): .. ····Fast Red Flashing                      Critical Low Battery Warning

(~):-Solid Red                                      Critical Error

The Return to Home (RTH) brings the aircraft back to the last recorded Home Point. There are three cases
that will trigger RTH procedure; they are Smart RTH, Low Battery RTH and Failsafe RTH.

Home Point                      The Home Point is the location at which your aircraft takes off when the
                                GPS signal is strong. You can view the GPS signal strength through

                ~.nil the GPS icon ( ~.u!l ). If you are using the Dynamic Home Point

                                setting, the Home Point will be updated to your current position as you

                                move around and when the Aircraft Status Indicator blinks green.

Smart RTH

Using the RTH button on the remote controller (refer to "RTH button" on P28 for more information) or the
RTH button in the DJI Pilot app when GPS is available to enables smart RTH. The aircraft return to the
latest recorded Home Point, you may control the aircraft's orientation to avoid collision during the Smart
RTH. Press the Smart RTH button once to start the process, press the Smart RTH button again to exit
Smart RTH and regain the control.
INSPIRE 1 User Manual

Low Battery RTH
The low battery level failsafe is triggered when the OJ I Intelligent Flight Battery is depleted to a point that
may affect the safe return of the aircraft. Users are advised to return home or land the aircraft immediately
when these warnings are shown. DJI Pilot app will advise user to return the aircraft to the Home Point
when low battery warning is triggered. Aircraft will automatically return to the Home Point if no action is
taken after 10 seconds countdown. User can cancel the RTH by pressing once on the RTH button. The
thresholds for these warnings are automatically determined based on the current aircraft altitude and its
distance from the Home Point.
Aircraft will land automatically if the current battery level can only support the aircraft to land to the ground
from the current altitude. User can use the remote controller to control the aircraft's orientation during the
landing process.

The Battery Level Indicator is displayed in the DJI Pilot app, and is described below

               CritiGal Low battety ievel       Suffrcren1 bai1ery
               warning(Red)                     iew.:I(Green)

                                           Battery level indica1or

                                                                        the aircraft return to the                            Fly the aircraft

                                                                        Home point and land                                   back and land

Low battery    The battery                 Aircraft status              automatically, or "Cancel" to                         it as soon as
level warning  power is low.               indicator blinks             resume normal flight. If no                           possible, then
               Please land the             RED slowly.
                                                                        action is taken, the aircraft . stop the motors
                                                                        will automatically go home
                                                                        and land after 10 seconds.                            and replace the
                                                                                                                              battery.
                                                                        Remote controller will sound

                                                                        an alarm.

                                       4,  ~Urio'r"ft·.·<it,<tr'i"  ..  TflahsehDJJ~IdPailnOdjaaipr~crsa~frte~etna~rltls·lio  . The4~lr~:;~tt'

                                                            ·:      ;                                                         i V'(ill be9in to  . . ....

                                           .i.·;, wiu.s&unb~~~~iarh,. a.u_t~)TI_atl~ally:·nc:n·;·,c.:o.JA'> ···. i'descend. Remote controller. · descend and lana .
                                                                                                  ..·.· ·.··.··.···..                            o.i

                                                                        1\,. :,':'>- ],,, ",i\·,

Estimated      ; Estimated                 N/A                                     N/A                                        N/A
remaining      · remaining flight
flight time
                based on current

               i battery level.

14 © 2(;15 DJ! ;.\11 RiDhls Resorved.
                                             INSPIRE 1 User Manual

:i:J: · When the critical battery level warning activates and the aircraft is descending to land

         automatically, you may push the throttle upward to hover the aircraft and navigate it to a more
         appropriate location for landing.
       · Color zones and markers on the battery level indicator reflect estimated remaining flight time
         and are adjusted automatically, according to the aircraft's current status.

Failsafe RTH

Failsafe RTH is activated automatically if remote controller signal (including video relay signal) is lost for
more than 3 seconds provided that Home Point has been successfully recorded and compass is working
normally. Return home process may be interrupted and the operator can regain control over the aircraft if
a remote controller signal is resumed.

Failsafe Illustration

                       ~;~9J1firmJ:fol:f:l~;l?gicit .·· .· · ·. ··· · 3~fl~Dl'Qte:!!:oritr911e~~~~g().£!!11J:g~ff

                                          y~ollil

Blinking Green         Blinking Green        Fast Blinking Yellow

Fast Blinking Yellow   Fast Blinking Yellow      y

                                                  ..

                                                               @

                                             Fast Blinking Yellow

& · Aircraft cannot avoid obstruction during the Failsafe RTH, therefore it is important to set an

         reasonable Failsafe altitude before each flight. Launch the DJI Pilot app and enter "Camera"
         view and select "MODE" to set the Failsafe altitude.
       · Aircraft will stop ascending and immediately return to the Home Point if you move the throttle
         stick if the aircraft reaches 20 m altitudes or beyond during Failsafe.

Dynamic home point is useful in situations when you are in motion and require a Home Point that is
different from the takeoff point. GPS module is located at the position shown in the figure below:

& Ensure the space above the GPS module is not obstructed when using Dynamic Home Point.
INSPIRE 1 User Manual
There are two options for Dynamic Home Point.
1. Set the aircraft current coordinate as the new Home Point.
2. Set the remote controller's coordinate as the new Home Point.
Setting Up Dynamic Home Point
Follow the steps below to setup Dynamic Home Point:
1. Connect to the mobile device and launch the DJI Pilot app and go to the "Camera" page.
2. Tap"'"and select"~", to reset the remote controller's coordinates as the new Home Point.
3. Tap"'"and select"4.'", to reset the aircraft's coordinates as the new Home Point.
4. The aircraft status indicator blinks green to show Home Point is set successfully.

DJI Vision Positioning is a positioning system that uses ultrasonic and image data to help the aircraft
identify its current position. With the help of Vision Positioning, your Inspire 1 can hover in place more
precisely and fly indoors or in other environments where there is no GPS signal available. The main
components of OJI Vision Positioning are located on the bottom of your Inspire 1, including [1]two sonar
sensors and[2]one monocular camera.

Using Vision Positioning
Vision Positioning is activated automatically when the Inspire 1 is powered on. No manual action is
required. Vision Positioning is typically used in the indoor environment where no GPS is available. By
using the sensors on the Vision Positioning system, Inspire 1 can perform precision hovering even when
no GPS is available.

16 © 201S DJi ;.\11 Rights Rt~~-ervt~d.
INSPIRE 1 User Manual

Follow the steps below to use Vision Positioning:                                                                                         a?.
1. Toggle the switch to "P" as shown the figure to the right:
2. Place the Inspire 1 on a flat surface. Notice that the Vision Positioning system                                                       ~f!i.

   cannot work properly on surfaces without pattern variations.
3. Power on the Inspire 1. The aircraft status indicator will flash twice in green light,

   which indicates the Vision Positioning system is ready. Gently push the throttle up
   to lift off, and the Inspire 1will hover in place.

& The performance of your Inspire 1's Vision Positioning System is subject to the surface you are

         flying over. The ultrasonic waves may not be able to accurately measure the distance over sound
         absorbing materials, and the camera may not function correctly in suboptimal environments. The
         aircraft will switch from "P" mode to "A" mode automatically if both GPS and Vision Positioning
         System are not available. So operate the aircraft cautiously when in any of the following situations:
        · FIying over monochrome surfaces (e.g. pure black, pure white, pure red, pure green).
         · Flying over a highly reflective surfaces.
        · Flying at high speeds(over 8m/s at 2 meters or over 4m/s at 1 meter).
         · Flying over water or transparent surfaces.
        · Flying over moving surfaces or objects.
        · Flying in an area where the lighting changes frequently or drastically.
        · Flying over extremely dark (lux< 10) or bright (lux> 10,000) surfaces.
        · Flying over surfaces that can absorb sound waves (e.g. thick carpet).
        · Flying over surfaces without clear patterns or texture.
        · Flying over surfaces with identical repeating patterns or textures (e.g. tiles with same design).
        · Flying over inclined surfaces that will deflect sound waves away from the aircraft.
         · In the event of loss of remote controller's signal, the aircraft will hover for 8 seconds and then

           auto-land if it is in "P" mode.

'\;>: · Keep the sensors clean at all times. Dirt or other debris may adversely affect the effectiveness

           of the sensors.
        · The effective hovering altitudes of the aircraft is from 0 to 2.5 meters.
        · Vision Positioning system may not function properly when the aircraft is flying over water.
        · Vision Positioning system may not be able to recognize pattern on the ground in low light

           conditions (less than 1001ux).
        · Do not use other ultrasonic devices with frequency of 40 KHz when Vision Positioning system is

           in operation.
        · Vision Positioning system may not be able to stabilize the aircraft when flying close to the

           ground (below 0.5 meters) in fast speed.

0 Keep the animals away from the aircraft when Vision Positioning system is activated. The sonar

         sensor emits high frequency sound that is only audible to some animals.

Flight data is automatically stored in the internal storage device of the aircraft. User can gain access to
these data through the DJI Pilot app. This includes flight duration, orientation, distance, aircraft status
information, speed, and other parameters.

Use only DJI approved propellers with your Inspire 1. The grey or black nut on the propeller indicates
the rotation direction of the propeller and where it should be attached. To attach the propellers properly,

                                                                                             © .2015 [).JI. r\1! -~lg.h!s Rt~sorvtxl. 17
INSPIRE 1 User Manual

Legends                                                                       ~

                                           MOtors Withii::blad~ d¢t

         e'l Lock: Turn the propellers in the indicated direction to mount and tighten

         'b") Unlock: Turn the propellers in the indicated direction to loosen and remove

Attaching the Propellers

1. Attach the propellers with a grey nut onto a motor without a black dot and spin the propellers clockwise
   to secure them in place. Attach the propellers with a black nut onto a motor with a black dot and spin
   the propellers counter clockwise to secure its position. Be sure to completely tighten each propeller by
   hand before flight.

 & · Ensure propellers are attached to its corresponding rnotors, otherwise the aircraft cannot take off.

         · Handling the propellers with care.
         · Manually tighten each of the propellers on the corresponding rnotors to ensure it is attached firrnly.

Detaching the Propellers
Hold the motor still. Then spin the propeller in the unlock direction indicated on the propeller itself.

Detaching 1345s Quick-Release Propellers
Press the 1345s Quick-Release propellers downward firmly then rotate the propeller in the unlock
direction to unlock the propellers.

 & · Check that the propellers and motors are installed correctly and firmly before every flight.

         · Ensure that all propellers are in good condition before each flight. DO NOT use old, chipped,
           or broken propellers.

         · To avoid injury, STAND CLEAR of and DO NOT touch propellers or rnotors when they are spinning.
         · ONLY use original DJI propellers for a better and safer flight experience.

The DJI Intelligent Flight Battery has a capacity of 4500mAh, voltage of 22.2V, and smart charge-
discharge functionality. It can only be charged with an appropriate DJI approved charger.

                                           n        '
                                                 u
                                                                          Char~;er
 Intelligent Fligl1t Battery

18 @ 2015 DJI All Ri~}hts Rtc1f..ervt:1d.
                                                                                                     INSPIRE 1 User Manual

 &:, Battery must be fully charged before using it for the first time. Refer to 'Charging the Intelligent

         Flight Battery' P21 for more information .

OJI Intelligent Flight Battery Functions
1. Battery Level Display: LEOs display the current battery level.
2. Battery Life Display: LEOs display the current battery power cycle.
3. Auto-discharging Function: The battery automatically discharges to below 65% of total power when it

   is idle (press the power button to check battery level will cause battery to exit idle state) for more than
    10 days to prevent swelling. It takes around 2 days to discharge the battery to 65%.1t is normal to feel
   moderate heat emitting from the battery during the discharge process. Discharge thresholds can be
   set in the OJI Pilot app.
4. Balanced Charging: Automatically balances the voltage of each battery cell when charging.
5. Over charge Protection: Charging automatically stops when the battery is fully charged.
6. Temperature Detection: The battery will only charge when the temperature is between 0 °C(32°F) and
   40°C (104°F).
7. Over Current Protection: Battery stops charging when high amperage (more than 10A) is detected.
8. Over Discharge Protection: Discharging automatically stops when the battery voltage reaches 18V to
   prevent over-discharge damage
9. Short Circuit Protection: Automatically cuts the power supply when a short circuit is detected.
10. Battery Cell Damages Protection: OJI Pilot app shows warning message when damaged battery cell
     is detected.
11. Battery Information History: Show the last 32 entries of battery information records that include warning
     messages and so on.
12. Sleep Mode: Sleep mode is entered after 10 minutes of inactivity to save power.
13. Communication: Battery voltage, capacity, current, and other relevant information is provided to the
     aircraft's to the main controller.

 &:, Refer to Disclaimer and Intelligent Flight Battery Safety Guide/ins before use. Users take full

         responsibility for all operations and usage.

Using the Battery

                                                 LED2

Powering ON/OFF
Powering On: Press the Power Button once, then press again and hold for 2 seconds to power on. The

                  Power LED will turn red and the Battery Level Indicators will display the current battery level.
Powering Off: Press the Power Button once, then press again and hold for 2 seconds to power off.
INSPIRE 1 User Manual

       Low Temperature Notice:

       1. The performance of the intelligent Flight Battery is significantly reduced when flying in a low
          temperature environments (those with air temperatures below S°C). Ensure that the battery is fully
          charged and the cell voltage is at 4.43 V before each flight.

       2. Using the Intelligent Flight Battery in extremely low temperature environments (those with air
          temperatures below -10°C) is not recommended. When flying in environments with temperatures

      socbetween and -10°C, the Intelligent Flight Battery should be able to achieve the appropriate voltage

          levels (above 4.2 V), but it is recommended that you apply the included insulation sticker to the battery
          in order to prevent a rapid drop in temperatures.
       3. If the DJI Pilot app displays the "Critical Low Battery Level Warning" when flying in low temperature

a·)> environments, stop flying and land the aircraft immediately. You will still be able to control the aircraft's
          movement when this warning is triggered.

gj, 4. Store the Intelligent Flight Battery in a roorn temperature environment and ensure that its temperature

      socexceeds before using it in the low temperature environment.

       S. When using the Inspire 1 in a low temperature environment, begin by allowing the aircraft to hover at a
          low altitude, for approximately one minute, to heat the battery.

       6. To ensure optimum performance, keep the Intelligent Flight Battery's core temperature above 20°C
          when in use.

     & In cold environments, insert the battery into the battery compartment and allow the aircraft to

                warm up for approximately 1-2 minutes before taking off.

Checking the battery level

The Battery Level Indicators display how much remaining power the battery has. When the battery is
powered off, press the Power Button once. The Battery Level Indicators will light up to display the current
battery level. See below for details.

~ The Battery Level Indicators will also show the current battery level during charging and

discharging. The indicators are defined below.

~ : LED is on.         ~: : LED is flashing.
~ :LEDisoff.            . ..
                                                                                                     INSPIRE 1 User Manual

Battery life
The battery life indicates how many more times the battery can be discharged and recharged before
it must be replaced. When the battery is powered off, press and hold the Power Button for 5 seconds
to check the battery life. The Battery Level Indicators will light up and/or blink as described below for 2
seconds:

 .& When battery life reaches 0%, it can no longer be used.

 EEJ For more information about the battery, launch DJI Pilot app and check the information under the

         battery tab.

Charging the Intelligent Flight Battery
1. Connect Battery Charger to a power source (1 00-240V 50/60Hz).
2. Open the Protection Cap and connect the Intelligent Flight Battery to the Battery Charger. If the battery

   level is above 95%, turn on the battery before charging.
3. The Battery Level indicator will display the current battery level during charging.
4. The Intelligent Flight Battery is fully charged when Battery Level Indicators are all off.
5. Air cool the Intelligent Flight Battery after each flight. Allow its temperature to drop to room temperature

   before storing it for an extended period.

 ,& · Do not charge the Intelligent Flight Battery and remote controller with standard charger (model:

           A14-100P1A) at the same time, otherwise the charger may overheat.
         · Always turn off the battery before inserting it or removing it from the Inspire 1. Never insert or

           remove a battery when it is powered on.

Intelligent Flight Battery  Charger
INSPIRE 1 User Manual

Charging Protection LED Display
The table below shows battery protection mechanisms and corresponding LED patterns.

After any of the above mentioned protection issues are resolved, press the button to turn off the Battery
Level Indicator. Unplug the Intelligent Flight Battery from the charger and plug it back in to resume
charging. Note that you do not need to unplug and plug the charger in the event of a room temperature
error, the charger will resume charging when the temperature falls within the normal range.

& DJI does not take any responsibility for damage caused by third-party chargers.

 :\}: How to discharge your Intelligent Flight Battery:
         To effectively calibrate the battery capacity, it is recommended to charge and discharge the
         battery thoroughly for every 10 charge-and-discharge cycle. User should install the battery onto
         the aircraft and then power on the aircraft to initiate the discharge process, discharge the battery
         until the aircraft is powered off automatically. User should then fully charge the battery to ensure
         the battery is working at its optimal.
         Slow: Place the Intelligent Flight Battery into the Inspire 1's Battery Compartment and power it
                  on. Leave it on until there is less than 5% of power left, or until the battery can no longer
                  be turned on. Launch the DJI Pilot app to check battery level.
         Rapid: Fly the Inspire 1 outdoors until there is less than 5% of power left, or until the battery can
                  no longer be turned on.

22 © 201ti DJi ;.\I! Rights Rt~~HrVl'Ji.t
Remote Controllers

This chapter describes the features
of the remote controller that includes
aircraft and remote controller operations
and dual remote controller mode.
     Remote Controller

     The Inspire 1 Remote Controller is a multi-function wireless communication device that integrates the
     video downlink ground system and aircraft Remote Controller system. The video downlink and aircraft
     Remote Controller system operate at 2.4 GHz with maximum transmission distance of 2km. The remote
     controller features a number of camera functions, such as taking and previewing photos and video, and
     controlling gimbal motions. The remote controller is powered by a 2S rechargeable battery. The current
     battery level is displayed by LEOs on the front panel of the remote control.

     E§ · Compliance Version: The Remote Controller is compliant with both CE and FCC regulations.

:0    · Operating Mode: Control can be set to Mode 1 , Mode 2.

<ll   · Mode 1: The right stick serves as the throttle.
      · Mode 2: The left stick serves as the throttle.
3g

<ll

Lt.0  Do not operate more than 3 aircrafts within in the same area (size equivalent to a soccer field) to

0
~
      prevent transmission interference.
Q.
co
(ii

     Powering On And Off The Remote Controller

     The Inspire 1 remote controller is powered by a 2S rechargeable battery with a capacity of 6000mAh. The
     battery level is indicated by the Battery Level LEOs on the front panel. Follow the steps below to power on
     your remote controller:
     1. When powered off, press the Power Button once and the Battery Level LEOs will display the current

        battery level.
     2. Then, press and hold the Power Button to power on the remote controller.
     3. The Remote Controller will beep when it powers on. The Status LED will blink green (slave remote

        controller blinks solid purple) rapidly, indicating that the remote controller is linking to the aircraft. The
        Status LED will show a solid green light when linking is completed.
     4. Repeat step 2 to power off the remote controller after finish using it.

     Charging Remote Controller
     Charge the remote controller via supplied charger.
     24 @ 2015 DJi. All Ri9hls Rt'l!:-Hrvl3d.
              INSPIRE 1 User Manual

Power Button

Controlling Camera                                                                                             :0
Shoot videos or images and adjust camera settings via the Shutter Button, Camera Settings Dial, Playback
Button and Video Recording Button on the remote control.                                                       ([)

                                        (4]--                                                                  3

                                                                                                               0

                                                                                                               ro-
                                                                                                               o

                                                                                                               ;0:;_

                                                                                                               Qco.

                                                                                                               en

[1] Camera Settings Dial
    Turn the dial to quickly adjust camera settings such as ISO and shutter speed without letting go of the
    remote controller. Move the dial button to left or right to view the pictures or videos in playback mode.

[2] Playback Button
    Press to view images or videos that have already been captured.

[3] Shutter Button
    Press to take a photo. If burst mode is activated, multiple photos will be taken with a single press.

[4] Recoding Button
    Press once to start recording video, then press again to stop recording.

Controlling Aircraft
This section explains how to use the various features of the remote controller. The Remote Controller is set
to Mode 2 by default.
INSPIRE 1 User Manual

EJ3 Stick Neutral/ mid point: Control sticks of the Remote Controller are placed at the central position.

         Move the Stick: The control stick is pushed away from the central position.

:0                                             aircraft's elevation.
C1l                                            Push the stick up to ascend and down to descend.
                                               Push the throttle stick up to takeoff.
3                                              When both sticks are centered, the Inspire 1 will
                                               hover in place.
0                                              The more the stick is pushed away from the
                                               center position, the faster the Inspire 1 will change
<D                                             elevation. Always push the stick gently to prevent
                                               sudden and unexpected elevation
0
                                               Moving the left stick to the left or right controls the
;0a.                                           rudder and rotation of the aircraft.
Q.                                             Push the sick left to rotate the aircraft counter
                                               clock-wise, and push the stick right to rotate the
ro                                             aircraft clockwise. If the stick is centered, the
                                               Inspire 1 will stay facing its current direction.
Cil                                            The more the stick is pushed away from the center
                                               position, the faster the Inspire 1 will rotate.
      26 @ 201ti DJ! All Hi~hts Rt~~-erw~cl.
                                               Moving the right stick up and down changes the
                                               aircraft's forward and backward pitch.
                                               Push the stick up to fly forward and down to fly
                                               backward. The Inspire 1 will hover in place if the stick
                                               is centered.
                                               Push the stick further away from the center position for
                                               a larger pitch angle (maximum 35') and faster flight.

                                               Moving the right stick control left and right changes
                                               the aircraft's left and right pitch.
                                               Push left to fly left and right to fly right. The Inspire 1
                                               will hover in place if the stick is centered.
                                               Push the stick further away from the center position for
                                               a larger pitch angle (maximum 35') and faster flight.

                                               Gimbal Dial: Turn the dial to the right, and the
                                              'camera will shift to point upwards. Turn the
                                               dial to the left, and the camera will shift to point
                                               downwards. The camera will remain in its current
                                               position when dial is static.
Flight Mode Switch                                                                INSPIRE 1 User Manual

Toggle the switch to select the desired flight mode.                 F~
You may choose between; P mode, F mode and A
mode.                                                                     [.::'1

                                                                     Ad,b --+JII-te+-{!

P mode (Positioning) : P mode works best when GPS signal is strong. There are three different states of P            :0
mode, which will be automatically selected by the Inspire 1 depending on GPS signal strength and Vision              CD
Positioning sensors:
                                                                                                                     3
     P-GPS: GPS and Vision Positioning both are available, and the aircraft is using GPS for positioning.
     P-OPTI: Vision Positioning is available but the GPS signal is not. Aircraft is using only Vision                ~
     Positioning for hovering
     P-ATTI: Neither GPS or Vision Positioning available, aircraft is using only its barometer for positioning,      CD
     so only altitude is controlled.
A mode (Attitude): The GPS and Vision Positioning System is not used for holding position. The aircraft              0
only uses its barometer to maintain altitude. If it is still receiving a GPS signal, the aircraft can automatically  0
return home if the Remote Controller signal is lost and if the Home Point has been recorded successfully.            ~
F mode (Function): Intelligent Orientation Control (IOC) is activated in this mode. For more information
about IOC, refer to the IOC in Appendix.                                                                             Q.
The Flight Mode Switch is locked in P mode by default. To unlock the switch, launch the DJI Pilot app,
enter the 'Camera' page, tap 'MODE', and then activate "Multiple Flight Mode' .                                      (ij'

                                                                                                                     iil

Transformation Switch I RTH Button
The Transformation Switch I RTH Button combination serves two functions. Toggle the switch up or down
to raise or lower the landing gear. Or, press the button to activate the Return to Home (RTH) procedure.
Transformation Switch

This switch has two positions. The effect of toggling the switch to any of these positions is defined below:

                                                                     J

Lower                                                         Raise

1. Raise: Raise the landing gear to its upper most position.

( .··                                                 )··..

~"0~~~~~;;;·,_                                        ~~~~~~2~rf('o~

            ~t                                                     ~1

          \l                                                    :;
                                                                                '
                       1....!
     INSPIRE 1 User Manual
     2. Lower: The landing gear will lower to its lowest position for landing.

     &., Do not raise the landing gear when the aircraft is on the ground. Ensure the landing gear is

                lowered before landing.

:0
CD

3

ro0 RTH button

0 Press and hold this button to start the Return to Horne (RTH) procedure. The LED around the RTH Button
0
;::!. will blink white to indicate the aircraft is entering RTH mode. The aircraft will then return to the last recorded
Q.
     Horne Point. Press this button again to cancel the RTH procedure and regain the control of the aircraft.
(ij

Cil

     Connecting Mobile Device

     Tilt the Mobile Device Holder to the desired position. Press the button on the side of the Mobile Device Holder
     to release the clamp, and then place your rnobile device into the clamp. Adjust the clamp to secure your
     mobile device. Then connect your rnobile device to the remote controller with a USB cable. Plug one end of
     the cable into your mobile device, and the other end into the USB port on the back of the remote controller.

     28 © 2015 DJI All Rights Rt'}~.<~rwlli.
                                                                                                   INSPIRE 1 User Manual

Optimal Transmission Range

The signal transmission between aircraft and remote controller perform best within the range that
                                                                                                   /;
displayed in the picture shown below:

                                       K···················Optlrna! Tr<:3nsrnission Ran90
                                                                                                   "'~
Strong  Weak
                                                                                                       '~
                                                                                                                          JJ
Ensure the aircraft is flying within the optimal transmission range. Adjust the distance and position                     CD
between the operator and the aircraft to achieve optimal transmission performance.
                                                                                                                          3
More than one remote controller can connect to the same aircraft in Dual Remote Controller mode. In                       9.
Dual Controllers mode, the "Master" remote controller operator controls the orientation of the aircraft, while
the "Slave" remote controller controls the movement of the gimbal and camera operation. When multiple                     CD
"slave" remote controllers (max of 6) are connect to the aircraft, only the first connected "slave" remote
controller is able to control the gimbal, the remaining "slave" remote controller can view the live feed video            0
from the aircraft and set the camera parameters, but they cannot control the gimbal.
                                                                                                                          0
                                                                                                                          ~

                                                                                                                          Qco.

                                                                                                                          Cil

             I... ----                                                          ~---.,

                  r--1                                                                     I

             I    ~I                                                            I

        ~I        I                                                             I~
        a. I
        <D       I          ~                                                       <D
        0     I  I
                                                                                II~0
        ~    I   [I                                                                           ::>
        ::>  I                                                                                Ql.
        Ql.      I
             I   :gI OJ                                                         I
                                                                                I
              I  I

              I   I         it                                                  I
                  I
             I                                                                  I

             "' '

                                       0                                                           0

                                         (----- --------

                                              Gimbal and Camera Control Signal
    INSPIRE 1 User Manual

    & Use the gimbal dial on the remote controller to control the pitch movement of the camera in the

           single remote controller mode, however, you cannot control the pan movement of the camera.

    Setting Up Dual Remote Controllers Mode

    Dual Remote Controllers mode is disabled by default. Users must enable this feature on the "Master"
    remote controller by through the OJI Pilot app. Follow the steps below for setup:

    "Master" Remote Controller:

    1. Connect the remote controller to your mobile device and launch the OJI Pilot app.
    2. Go to the Camera page, and tap ~"' ,1111 to enter the remote controller settings window.
    3. Tap "Set RC Status" to enable Master-and-Slave mode.
    4. Select "Master" in the "Set RC Status" section to set the remote controller as "Master" remote controller.

                                                      RC Settings                            X

    [ RC Control Settings                                                                    >I

    Master and Slave                                               I )OFF - S l a v e
    Set RC Status

    RC Name                                 I T12254  I IConnection Password  1234           I

    Slave RC List

    5. Enter the connection password for the "Slave" remote controller.                      X
    "Slave" Remote Controller:
    1. Tap "Search for Master Controller" to search the "Master" remote controller.

                                                                                RC Settings

    IRC Control Setting                                                                      >]

    Master and Slave                        888642              I EIJIIOFF Masler
    Set RC Status                                       I

    IRC Name                                          Request Control

    Master RC List                          Search for Master Controller

    30 © 2015 DJi /\!1 Ri9hts Rt~serv~:1d.

 I
·j
                                                                                                         INSPIRE 1 User Manual

& Remote controller cannot link to the aircraft if the remote controller is set as "Slave". Meanwhile,

         the "Slave" remote controller cannot control the orientation of the aircraft. Reset the remote
         controller to "Master" in DJI Pilot app if you wish to link the remote controller to the aircraft.

2. Search the "Master" remote controller in the surrounding area in the "Request Control" section.

                              RC Setlings            X

IRC Control Settings                                 >I

Master and Slave                               I IOFF Master-                                                                   :0
Set RC Status
                      S88642  )                                                                                                 (!)
IRC Name
                                                                                                                                3
                              Request Control
                                                                                                                                r0o
                      Search for Master Controller
                                                                                                                                0

                                                                                                                                0

                                                                                                                                ;::l.

                                                                                                                                Q.
                                                                                                                                ~

                                                                                                                                rn

  Master RC List                                               l

Iv' T12254

3. Select the "Master" remote controller from the "Master RC List" and input the connection password to
   connect to the desired "Master" remote controller.

v T12254                         IConnection Password        1234
                                                     ---------'
   Master RC List

The Status LED reflects connection status between Remote Controller and aircraft. The RTH LED shows
the Return to Home status of the aircraft. The table below contains details on these indicators.

          L~:.~c___RTHLED

        LEDStatus
      INSPIRE 1 User Manual

      :(ff>.·- Solid Red                     l chime  The remote controller set as 'Master' but it is not
                                                      connected with the aircraft

      'rf/- Solid Purple                     D-0-     The remote controller set as "Slave" but it is not
                                                      connected with the aircraft.

      :(~;. ···· · Slow Blinking Red D-0-0··· .. ·    Remote controller error.

:0                                                    Aircraft is returning horne.
CD                                                    Aircraft Return to Home in progress.

3

~

CD

0
0

::J
~
      N:b: -Solid White                      l chime
iii"

Cil

      'i$/: ...... Blinking White            DO

      & The Remote Status Indicator will blink red, sound an alert, when the battery level is critically low.

      The remote controller is linked to your aircraft before delivery. Linking is only required when using a new
      remote controller for the first time. Follow these steps to link a new remote controller:

      1. Power on the remote controller and connect to the mobile device. Launch OJI Pilot app.
      2. Power on the Intelligent Flight Battery.
      3. Enter "Camera" view and tap on and then tap "Linking Remote Controller" button as shown below.

                          < RC Control Setting                              X

                          Remote Control Calibration                        >
                          Stick Mode                                        >

                          Default stick mode is Mode 2, changing stick modes alters the way the aircraft is controlled.
                          Do not change unless familiar with your new mode.

                          IC1 Gimbal Pitch/Yaw        IC2 Reset gimbal yaw

                                                      You can customize the C1 and C2 buttons on the back
                                                      of the remote controller.

      32 © 2C;15 DJ! .411 Rights Ro:1smv~~t
                                                                      INSPIRE 1 User Manual

4. The remote controller is ready to link. The Remote Controller Status Indicator blinks blue and "beep"
   sound is emitted.

< RC Control Setting                                                  X

Remote Control Calibration                                            >

 Stick Mode                     Searching for aircraft frequency,              >                                ::0
                                      timeout in 54 seconds                                                     CD
Oefault stick mode is Mode                                            ircraft is controlled.
Donat change unless famili  Press the linking button on the aircraft                                            3
                                  to link this remote controller      bal yaw J
 C1 I Gimbal Pile                                                                                               0
                                           Cancel                                                               (ii

                            You can customize the C1 and C2 buttons on the back                                 0
                            of the remote controller.
                                                                                                                0
                                                                                                                ~

                                                                                                                Q.

                                                                                                                CiJ
                                                                                                                Ul

5. Locate the Linking button on the front of the aircraft, as shown in the figure shown below. Press the
   Linking button to start linking. The Remote Controller Status Indicator will display solid green if Link is
   succeed .

 .&, · Remote controller cannot link to the aircraft if the remote controller is set as "Slave". Meanwhile,

           the "Slave" remote controller cannot control the orientation of the aircraft. Reset the remote
           controller to "Master" in DJI Pilot app if you wish to link the remote controller to the aircraft.
         · Remote controller will disconnect from the linked aircraft if a new remote controller is linked to
           the same aircraft.

The remote controller is compliant with both CE and FCC requirements.
Gimbal and Camera

This chapter provides the technical
specifications of the camera and explains
the working mode of the gimbal.

 34 © 2(J15 DJ! All Rights Rt'Jservl~i.i.
Camera and Gimbal

The on-board camera supports 4K video capture up to 4096x2160p24 and 12M pixel photos capture by
using the 1/2.3 inch CMOS sensor. You may export the video in either MOV or MP4 format for editing.
Available picture shooting modes include burst, continuous, and timer mode. A live preview of what the
camera is seeing before you shoot videos and pictures is supported through the DJI Pilot App.
Camera Micro-SO Card Slot
To store your photos and videos, plug in the micro-SO card into the slot shown below before powering on
the Inspire 1. The Inspire 1 comes with a 16GB micro-SO card and supports up to a 64GB micro-SO card.
A UHS-1 type micro-SO card is recommended, because the fast read and write capability of these cards
enables you to store high-resolution video data.

0 Do not remove micro-SO card from the Inspire 1 when it is powered on.

Camera Data Port
Power on the Inspire 1 and then connect a USB cable to the Camera Data Port to download photos or
videos from the camera to your computer.

 & Power on the aircraft before attempting to download the files.
INSPIRE 1 User Manual
Camera Operation
Use the Shutter and Record button on the remote controller to shoot the images or the videos through the
OJI Pilot app. For more information about how to use these buttons, refer to "Controlling Camera" P25.
NO Filter
Attach an NO filter to the front of the camera to reduce over-exposure and "jello" effect.

Gimbal Profile
The 3-axis Gimbal provides a steady platform for the attached camera, allowing you to capture stabilized
images and video. The Gimbal can tilt the camera up to 120 degrees and rotate 360 degrees.

Use the gimbal dial on the remote controller to control pitch movement of the camera by default. Note that
you cannot control the pan motion of the camera by default. Enable the "Master-and-Slave" mode and
set the remote controller to "Slave" state if you wish to control both the pan and pitch movement of the
camera.

& Use the gimbal dial on the remote controller to control the pitch movement of the camera in the

         single remote controller mode, however, you cannot control the pan movement of the camera.
Pan Control
Follow the instructions below to use the gimbal dial to control the pan movement of the gimbal:
1. Power on the aircraft and remote control, launch OJI Pilot app and enter "Camera" page.
2. Tap "RC Control Settings" icon and select either C1 or C2 customizable button as the gimbal pitch/

   yaw switching button.
3. Select "Gimbal Pitch/Yaw" from the dropdown list.

36 © 2015 DJi All Rights Rl.':'serv~xi.
                                  INSPIRE 1 User Manual

< RC Control Sett1ng                                                                         X

Remote Control Calibration        >
Stick Mode                        >

Default stick mode is Mode 2, changing stick modes alters the way the aircraft is controlled.
Do not change unless familiar with your new mode.

__C1
    ~G~im~b~a~I_Pi~tc~h~N~a~w--~  C2 I~_ :...;R.:..es:.:e:.ct-"-gi_m_~_b---al_,_y__a_w____,

L I_ _

                            You can customize the C1 and C2 buttons on the back
                            of the remote controller.

Press C1 or C2 button to switch from pitch mode to yaw mode. You may use the gimbal dial to pan the
gimbal under yaw mode. Press C1 or C2 again to exit yaw mode.

Using DJI Pilot App to Control Gimbal
Follow the steps below to use DJI Pilot app to control the gimbal orientation:
1. Launch DJI Pilot app, enter "Camera" page.
2. Tap and press on the screen until a blue circle is shown.
3. Slide to control the gimbal orientation within the "Camera" page as shown below.

® Fn
                                                                                                                                                                                                        [§]

·(j) ~

·@ ~I"

                                                                                                               [8

(!)
INSPIRE 1 User Manual

Gimbal Operation Modes
Three Gimbal operation modes are available. Switch between the different operation modes on the
Camera page of the DJI Pilot App. Note that your mobile device must be connected to the remote
controller for changes to take effect. Refer to the table below for details:

         Pitch                            Pan

         Follow Mode                      The angle between Gimbal's orientation and aircraft's nose remains
                                          constant at all times. One user alone can control the pitch motion of the
                                          Gimbal, but a second user is required to control the pan motion using a
                                          second remote controller.

   !     FPVMode                          The Gimbal will lock to the movements of the aircraft to provide a First-
         Free Mode                        Person-View flying experience.
1Xl
      ~                                   The Gimbal's motion is independent of the aircraft's orientation. One user
                                          alone can control the pitch motion of the Gimbal, but a second user is
                                          required to control the pan motion using a second remote controller.

                           Tap to force the Gimbal orientation to re-align with aircraft's orientation

lV Re-alignment by panning from gimbal's current orientation. Pitch angle will remain
                            unchanged during the re-alignment.

.&, · Gimbal motor error may occur in these situations: (1) Gimbal is placed on uneven ground. (2)

         Gimbal has received an excessive external force, e.g. a collision. Please take off from flat, open
         ground and protect the gimbal after powering up.
       · Flying in heavy fog or cloud may make the gimbal wet, leading to a temporary failure. The
          gimbal will recover when it dries out.

38 © 2015 D.JI All Rights Rl'l&ervl:x.i.
OJI Pilot App

This chapter describes the four main
GUI of the OJI Pilot app.
    DJI Pilot App

       The DJI Pilot app is a new mobile app designed specifically for the Inspire 1. Use this app to control the
       gimbal, camera and other features of your flight system. The app also comes with Map, Store a User Center,
       for configuring your aircraft and sharing your content with friends. It is recommended that you use a tablet
       for the best experience.

0

 L United States

::9. Mountain View

§:

)>
'0
'0

       The Camera page contains a live HD video feed from the Inspire 1's camera. You can also configure
       various camera parameters from the Camera page.

       40 © 2015 D.Ji All Rights Rt7HHvad.
                                                                              INSPIRE 1 User Manual

[1] Flight Mode

   8: The text next to this icon indicates the current flight mode.

    Tap to enter MC (Main Controller) settings. Modify flight limits, perform compass calibration, and set

    the gain values on this screen.

[2] GPS Signal Strength
    ~.ull: This icon shows the current strength of GPS signals. Green bars indicates adequate GPS
    strength.

[3] IOC Settings
    ~ CL: This icon shows which IOC setting that the aircraft has entered when in F Mode.
   Tap to enter IOC setting menu and select Course Lock, Home Lock or Point of Interest Lock.

[4] System Status                                                                                           0c._

  llilllllmll :This icon shows current aircraft system status, such as GPS signal health.

[5] Battery Level Indicator
    -<>-<>-·o : The battery level indicator dynamically displays the battery level. The color zones on the
    battery level indicator represent different battery levels.

[6] Remote Controller Signal

   ilo11il: This icon shows the strength of remote controller signal.

[7] HD Video Link Signal Strength

   (][1",11il This icon shows the HD video downlink signal strength between the aircraft and the remote

    controller.

(8] Battery Level

   1if 100%: This icon shows the current Intelligent Flight Battery level.

Tap to enter battery information menu, set the various battery warning thresholds and view the battery
warning history in this page.

[9] General Settings

   0 : Tap this icon to enter General Settings page. Select parameter units, reset the camera, enable

    the quick view feature, adjust the gimbal roll value and toggle flight route display on this page.

[10] Camera Operation Bar

      Exposure Lock
     AE Iii: Tap to enable or disable the camera exposure lock.

Function
Fn: Tap to adjust camera settings, such as video format and digital filters.

Shutter

e: Tap this button to take a single photo.
INSPIRE 1 User Manual

      Record

   e :Tap once to start recording video, then tap again to stop recording. You can also press the

      Video Recording Button on the remote controller, which has the same function.
      Playback
      ~:Tap to enter playback page. You can preview photos and videos as soon as they are captured.
      Camera Settings and Shooting Mode
      ~;::Tap to enter the Camera Settings page and switch from camera shooting mode from manual to
      auto.
[11) Map
      Display the flight path of the current mission. Tap to switch from the Camera GUI to the Map GUI.

[12] Vision Positioning

   Z :This icon shows the distance between the surface and the Vision Positioning System's sensors.

[13] Flight Telemetry

      Vision Positioning Status
      Icon is highlighted when Vision Positioning is in operation.
      Flight attitude is indicated by the flight attitude icon.
      (1) The red arrow shows which direction the aircraft is facing.
      (2) Light blue and dark blue areas indicate pitch.
      (3) Pitching of the boundary between light blue and dark blue area shows roll angle.
[14] Home Point Settings
      ~ : Tap this button to reset the current home point. You may choose to set the aircraft take-off
      location, the remote controller's current position, or the aircraft's current position as the Home Point.
[15] Retum to Home (RTH)

    <!;; :Initiate RTH home procedure. Tap to have the aircraft return to the latest home point.
                                                                  INSPIRE 1 User Manual

[16) Gimbal Operation Mode
      Refer to 'Gimbal Operation Mode' P38 for more information.

[17] Auto Takeoff/Landing

    "t I J :Tap to initiate auto takeoff or landing.

[18) Back
      ~ :Tap to return to the main GUI.

User can view the current flight route in a larger map view in this page. You can also perform Auto take-  c0._
off and Landing in the page. Ensure your mobile device has access to the Internet. Due to the map data
required, Wi-Fi connection is recommended. Internet access is required to cache the map, if Wi-Fi is
unavailable, mobile data service is required.

Download user manual, view online videos. Also you can use the flight simulator to practice your flight
skills.

You can sync the picture and videos to the mobile device, view the flight records and check your DJI
account status in the User Center. Use the DJI registered account to login to the User Center.
Flight

This chapter describes the flight safety
and flight restrictions.
Flight

Once pre-flight preparation is complete, it is recommended to use the flight simulator to learn how to fly
safely. Ensure that all flights are carried out in a suitable location.

1. Do not use the aircraft in severe weather conditions. These include wind speed exceeding 10rn/s,                 :!!
   snow, rain and smog.                                                                                             <0'

2. Only fly in open areas. Tall buildings and steel structures rnay affect the accuracy of the on-board             ;::r
   compass and GPS signal.

3. Avoid from obstacles, crowds, high voltage power lines, trees or bodies of water.
4. Minimize electromagnetic interference by not flying in area with high levels of electromagnetism,

   including mobile phone base stations or radio transmission towers.
5. Aircraft and battery performance is subject to environment factor such as air density and temperature.

   Be very careful when flying 14700 feet (4500 meters) or more above sea level as battery and aircraft
   performance may be reduced.
6. The Inspire 1 cannot operate within the polar areas in "P" mode.

Flight limits on height and distance can be set. The details of these flight limits are described in the following
section.
All unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) operators should abide by all regulations from such organizations as
the ICAO (International Civil Aviation Organization), FAA and their own national airspace regulations. For
safety reasons, the flight limits function is enabled by default to help users use this product safely and
legally. The flight limits function includes height limits, distance limits and No Fly Zones.
When operating in P Mode, height, distance limits and No Fly Zones work together to manage flight. In A
mode only height limits work and flights cannot go higher than 120 meters.

Max Height & Radius Limits
Max Height & Radius limit flying height and distance, and the user may change these settings in the
OJI Pilot App. Once complete, your Inspire 1 will fly in a restricted cylinder that is determined by these
settings. The tables below show the details of these limits.

                          ~.r1ax Rad1us

                          Home Polnt

-.1..1,..----f- Height of awcraft

                          when powered on
INSPIRE 1 User Manual

                       Flight Limits                   DJI PilotApp       Aircraft Status Indicator

Max Radius             Flight distance must be within  Warning: Distance  Rapid red flashing Iff.
                       the max radius.                 limit reached.     .....·when close to the
                                                                          max radius limit.

            Flight Limits                DJI PilotApp                     Aircraft Status Indicator

:!l
<0' Max Radius No limits
;:?;

       &, · If you fly out of the limit, you can still control the Inspire 1, but cannot fly it further.

                · If the Inspire 1 flies out of the max radius in Ready to Fly (non-GPS) mode, it will fly back within
                  range automatically.

       No-Fly Zones
       All No-Fly Zones are listed on the DJI official website at http://flysafe.dji.com/no-fly. No-Fly Zones are
       divided into Airports and Restricted Areas. Airports include major airports and flying fields where manned
       aircraft operate at low altitudes. Restricted Areas include borders between countries or sensitive sites.
       The details of the No-Fly Zones are explained below:

       Airport:
       (1) Airport No-Fly Zones are comprised of Takeoff Restricted Zones and Restricted-Altitude Zones. Each

            zone features circles of various size.
       (2) R1 depends on the size and shape of the airport, and is an area around the airport that is a Takeoff

            Restricted Zone, inside of which take-off and flight is prevented.
       (3) From R1 to R1 +1 mile around the airport, the flight altitude is limited on a 15 degree incline, starting at

            65 feet (20 meters) from the edge of airport and radiating outward. The flight altitude is limited to 1640
            feet (500 meters) at R1+1 mile.
       (4) When the aircraft is within 320 feet (100 meters) of the No-Fly Zones. a warning message will appear
            in the DJI Pilot app.

46 @ 201b DJL i\!1 Rights Ro:"l~·erv~d.
                                            INSPIRE 1 User Manual

L~+.-1------1--m-ile--R21------R-1-----~+\  No-fly zone Restricted-altitude flight zone Warning zone

Restricted Areas:

(1) Restricted Areas do not have a flight altitude restriction.
(2) R around the designated Restricted Area is a Take-off Restricted area. Aircraft cannot takeoff within

    this zone. The value of R varies depending on the definition of the Restricted Area.
(3) A "warning zone" has been set around each Restricted Area. When the aircraft is within 0.6 rniles (1

    km) of this zone, a warning message will appear in the DJI Pilot app.

No-fly zone Warning zone Free zone
      INSPIRE 1 User Manual

      Zone          Restriction                      DJI Pilot App Prompt                    Aircraft
                                                                                             Status
                                                                                             Indicator

                    Motors will not start.           Warning: You are in a No-fly
                                                     zone. Take off prohibited.

      ·No-fly Zone  If the aircraft enters the       Warning: You are in a No-fly
                    restricted area in A mode but    zone, automatic landing has
                    P mode activates the aircraft    begun. (If you are within 1.5 mile
                    will automatically descend to    radius)
                    land then stop its motors after
                    landing.

                                                     Warning: You are in a restricted {f:J:~ ......
                                                     zone. Descending to safe
::!!                                                                                         Red flashing

<0"                 If the aircraft enters the       altitude. (If you are between the
       Restricted-
~     altitude flight restricted area in A mode but P range of 1.5 mile and 5 mile

      ·zone         mode activates, it will descend radius)

                    to a safe altitude and hover 15 Warning: You are in a restricted

                    feet below the safe altitude.    zone. Max flight height restricted

                                                     to between 10.5m and 120m. Fly

                                                     Cautiously.

      Warning zone No flight restriction applies, but Warning: You are approaching a
                            there will be warning message. restricted zone, Fly Cautiously.

      Free zone     No restrictions.                 None.                                   None.

      EEl Semi-automatic descent: All stick commands are available except the throttle stick command

             during the descent and landing process. Motors will stop automatically after landing.

      & . When flying in the safety zone, aircraft status indicator will blink red quickly and continue for 3

                seconds, then switch to indicate current flying status and continue for 5 seconds at which point
                it will switch back to red blinking .
             · For safety reasons, please do not fly close to airports, highways, railway stations, railway lines,
                city centers and other special areas. Try to ensure the aircraft is visible.

      48 © 2015 f).Ji i\tl Rights R~1~~ervd1i.
                                                                                                     INSPIRE 1 User Manual

1. Remote controller, aircraft battery, and mobile device are fully charged.
2. Propellers are mounted correctly and firmly.
3. Micro-SO card has been inserted if necessary.
4. Gimbal is functioning as normal.
5. Motors can start and are functioning as normal.
6. DJI Pilot app connected to the aircraft.

IMPORTANT: Make sure to calibrate the compass in every new flight location. The compass is very
sensitive to electromagnetic interference, which can cause abnormal compass data leading to poor flight
performance or even failure. Regular calibration is required for optimum performance.

0 ·DO NOT calibrate your compass where there is a chance of strong magnetic interference, such

           as magnetite, parking structures, and steel reinforcements underground.
         · DO NOT carry ferromagnetic materials with you during calibration such as keys or cellular

           phones.
         · DO NOT calibrate beside massive metal objects.

Calibration Procedures
Choose an open space to carry out the following procedures.
1. Ensure the compass is calibrated. If you did not calibrate the compass in the Checklist, or if you

   have changed your position since last calibrating it, tap "MODE" in the app and select "Compass
   Calibration" to calibrate the compass. Then follow the on-screen instructions.
2. Hold and rotate the aircraft horizontally 360 degrees, and the Aircraft Status Indicator will display a
   solid green light.
INSPIRE 1 User Manual
3. Hold the aircraft vertically with nose pointing downward, and rotate it 360 degrees around the center

   axis. Recalibrate the compass if the Aircraft Status Indicator show solid red.

 & If the Aircraft Status Indicator blinks red and yellow after the calibration, move your aircraft to a

         different location to carry out compass calibration.
 :\}: Calibrate the compass before each flight. Launch DJI Pilot App, follow the on-screen instruction

         to calibrate the compass.
When to Recalibrate
1. When compass data is abnormal, and the Aircraft Status Indicator is blinking red and yellow.
2. When flying in a new location, or a location that is different from your last flight.
3. When the mechanical structure of the Inspire 1 has changed, i.e. changed mounting position of the

   compass.
4. When severe drifting occurs in flight, i.e. the Inspire 1 does not fly in straight lines.

Auto Take-off
Use auto take-off to take off your aircraft automatically if the Aircraft Status Indicator displays blinking
green. Follow the steps below to use auto take-off:
1. Launch DJI Pilot app, enter "Camera" page.
2. Ensure the aircraft is in "P" mode.
3. Go through the pre-flight checklist.
4. Tap"!.", and confirm flight condition. Slide to confirm and take-off.
5. Aircraft takes off and hovers at 1.5 meters above ground.

50 © 2015 f.AJi. Ali Ri9hts Rer-orvl~d.
                                                                                                    INSPIRE 1 User Manual

Auto-Landing
Use auto-landing to land your aircraft automatically if the Aircraft Status Indicator displays blinking green.
Follow the steps below to use auto-landing:
1. Ensure the aircraft is in "P" mode.

2. Check the landing area condition before tapping ".!.", to perform landing.

3. Aircraft lowers the landing gear and proceed to land automatically.

 :\J: Landing gear will automatically raise when the aircraft reaches an altitude of 1.2m for the first

         time, and automatically lower every time it descends to O.Bm. Users can turn this feature ON/OFF
         in the Pilot app.

Starting Motors                                                                                                            ::!!
                                                                                                                           co
The Combination Stick Command (CSC) listed below are used to start the motors instead of simply push-                      ~
ing the stick up. Ensure that you perform the CSC in one motion.

OR

Stopping Motors
There are two methods to stop the motors.
Method 1: When the Inspire 1 has landed, push the throttle down <D. then conduct CSC ®. Motors will stop
immediately. Release both sticks once motors stop.
Method 2: When the aircraft has landed, push the throttle down and hold. The motors will stop after 3
seconds.

                                                                   OR

i t Do not perform CSC when aircraft is in midair, otherwise the motors will be stopped.

Take off/Landing Procedures

1. Place the aircraft on open, flat ground with battery indicators facing towards you.
2. Power on the remote controller and your mobile device, then the Intelligent Flight Battery.
3. Launch the OJI Pilot App and enter the Camera page.
4. Wait until the Aircraft Indicator blinks green. This means the Horne Point is recorded and it is safe to fly

   now. If it flashes yellow, it means Home Point is not recorded, and you should not take off.
5. Push the throttle up slowly to take off or using Auto Take-off to take off.
       INSPIRE 1 User Manual

       6. Shoot photos and videos using the DJI Pilot app.
       7. To land, hover over a level surface and gently pull down on the throttle slowly to descend.
       8. After landing, execute the CSC command or hold the throttle at its lowest position for 3 seconds or

           more until the motors stop.
       9. Turn off the Intelligent Flight Battery first, followed by the Remote Controller.

     & · When the Aircraft Status Indicator blinks yellow rapidly during flight, the aircraft has entered Failsafe

                   mode.
                · A low battery level warning is indicated by the Aircraft Status Indicator blinking red slowly or

                   rapidly during flight.
                · Watch video tutorials about flight for more flight information.

       Video Suggestions and Tips
       1. Work through the checklist before each flight.
       2. Select desired gimbal working mode in the DJI Pilot app.

l} 3. Aim to shoot when flying in P mode only.

~ 4. Always fly in good weather, such as sunny or windless days.
       5. Change camera settings to suit you. These include photo format and exposure compensation.
       6. Perform flight tests to establish flight routes and scenes.
       7. Push the sticks gently to make aircraft movements stable and smooth.
FAQ
Troubleshooting (FAQ)

1. How can I put a GoPro camera on the Inspire 1?
  The Inspire 1 does not currently support GoPro attachments. The gimbal is designed to hold DJI
  cameras only.

2. When will ground station functionality be available?
  The Inspire 1 does not currently support ground station. Ground station will be available with future
  firmware updates.

3. Is the camera's exposure automatic?
  The exposure can be set to Auto, for automatic changes, or Manual, if you wish to use a specific setting.

4. Can I see the size of images through the app?
   Yes, you can preview image or video sizes through the DJI Pilot app.

5. How much weight can the Inspire 1 carry without its included camera?
  We do not recommend flying with any payload other than the included DJI gimbal and camera.

6. Do you have an LCD monitor available for the Inspire 1?
  No, OJ\ does not sell LCD or HD monitors for the Inspire 1. However, you can output the live streaming
  video to a compatible monitor or mobile device of your own.

7. How long does it take to charge the battery? Does it comes with a charger?
  Yes, all inspire 1 units come with standard TB47 charger.
  With the standard TB47 100W charger, it takes 85min to fully charge a 4500mAh battery.

8. Are the two remote controllers the same? Should I setup the remote controllers in the app or
   somewhere else to control the camera and aircraft separately?
  The two remote controllers are physically identical. You can set the remote controllers to either 'Master'
  or 'Slave' through the OJ\ Pilot app if you wish to use dual controller mode.

9. Where can I find info on the simulation application that plugs into the trainer port? Can you suggest a
   simulation program?
  There is no trainer port on the remote controller for the Inspire 1.

10. Can the mobile device holder be used on the Phantom 2 series remote controller?
    No, it cannot. The mobile device holder can only be used with the Inspire 1 remote.

11. Does the Inspire 1 have a SD card included?
    The Inspire 1 comes with a 16GB micro-SO card. It supports SD cards up to 64GB.

12. Can I upgrade and buy a second remote controller if I only buy a single remote controller now?
    Yes.

13. How big is the Inspire 1?
    Its length x heightxwidth dimensions without the propellers attached are 44x30 x45cm (17.3 x 11.8 x 17.7in).

54 © 2(;15 {),Ji AI! Rights Rt'lsmwxt
                                                                                                    INSPIRE 1 User Manual
14. What flight controller does the Inspire 1 use?

    The Inspire 1 uses its own new flight controller.
15. Which motors and propellers does the Inspire 1 come with?

    The Inspire 1 uses 3510 motors and 1345 propellers.
16. Aircraft frame arm joints appear loosen, is that normal?

    The space of the joins shown in the below figure is normal and it will not affect the performance of
    aircraft, do not adjust the position of the screws on your own.

                                                                                                                                                                                                                       "Tl
                                                                                                                                                                                                              )>

                                                                                                                                                      0

17. Failed to complete self-check?
    Place the aircraft on the flat surface before powering on. Do not move the aircraft during the self-
    check.
              Appendix

56 © 2()1f.i D,J! i\11 Ri9hls Rt:servt'li:i.
Appendix

Model                        T600                  )>
Hovering Accuracy (P Mode)
                             2~~5 g~               "0
Max Tilt Angle                                     "0
Max Descent Speed            Vertical: 0.5 m       <1l
Max Flight Altitude          Horizontal: 2.5 m     :::J

                             35°                   0x·.

                             4 m/s

                             4500m

Propeller Model              DJI 1345
Operating Temperature Range  -10° to 40° C
Dimensions                   438x451x301 mm

Mounting                     Detachable
Mechanical Range
                             Pitch: -125° to +45°
                             Pan: ±330°
      INSPIRE 1 User Manual    X3

       Name                    12.76M
       Total Pixels

 )>   Still Photography Modes  Single shoot
"0                             Burst shooting: 3/5/7 frames
                               Auto Exposure Bracketing (AEB): 3/5 bracketed frames at
"0                             0.7EV Bias
                               Time-lapse
(])

:::>
Qx·.

      Supported SD Card Types  Micro SD
                               Max capacity: 64GB. Class 10 or UHS-1 rating required.

      Transmitting Distance    2 km (Outdoor And Unobstructed)
      Video Output Port        USB, Mini-HDMI
      Charging                 DJI charger
                                                               INSPIRE 1 User Manual

Mobile Device Holder       Tablet or Smart Phone

Model                      A14-100P1A
Rated Power                100W
Name                       Intelligent Flight Battery

Battery Type               LiPo 6S High voltage battery                               )>

                                                                                      --cooo

                                                                                      ::J

                                                                                      Qx·.

Storage Temperature Range  Less than 3 months: -20° to 45° C
                           More than 3 months: 22° C to 28° C

Capacity                   5700 mAh
Battery Type
Net Weight                 LiPo 6S
Storage Temperature Range
                           670 g

                           Less than 3 months: -20 to 45° C
                           More than 3 months: 22° to 28° C
INSPIRE 1 User Manual   180W
 Max Charging Power     Below 8 m/s (2 m above ground)
 Velocity Range         Brightly lit (lux > 15) patterned surfaces
 Operating Environment

       IOC allows users to lock the orientation of aircraft in different fashions. There are three working modes for

-6' IOC and you may select the desired IOC modes from the DJI Pilot app. IOC only works under F mode,
a; and user must toggle the flight mode switch to "F" mode to activate IOC. Refer to the table below:

::J

Qx·.

Home Lock (HL)*         Record a Home Point (HP), and push Pitch stick to control the aircraft far from
                        or near to the HP.

 :¢: *Home Lock and Point of Interest feature are coming soon.

Prerequisites of IOC
Use the IOC feature under the following condition:

        POl Yes ~,nil Aircraft , sm-saom , Point of Interest
Using JOC
Enable the IOC feature by tapping "Enable IOC" in the setting page of the DJI Pilot app. Toggle the Flight
Mode Switch to "F" mode and follow the on-screen instruction to use IOC feature.

60 © ;xns o,JI ;~11 Rights R~1servt'!d.
INSPIRE 1 User Manual

Follow the process described below to upgrade the aircraft, remote controller and battery.

Updating the Aircraft Firmware
Step 1- Check Battery and SD Card Capacity
Ensure the Intelligent Flight Battery has at least 50% power and there is at least 100MB of free space on
theSD card.

Step 2- Prepare the Firmware Update Package

1. Download the firmware update package from the official DJI website (http://www.dji.com/product/
   inspire-1 ).

2. Insert the SD into your PC. Extract the all downloaded files into the root directory of the SD card.
   Remove the SD card from your PC. Ensure the Inspire 1 is powered off then insert the SD card into the
   SD card slot on the Inspire 1 camera.

Step 3- Update the Aircraft                                                                                   )>
                                                                                                              '0
1. Ensure the remote controller is powered off and then power on the aircraft. Upgrade will begin             '0
   automatically after aircraft is powered on.                                                                (1J
                                                                                                              :::J
2. It will take approximately 25 minutes to complete the firmware update. The camera will sound a short
   pulse of 'D-D-D-D' beeping sound to indicate the upgrade is in progress and sound a "O--DD"                Qx·.
   beeping sound to indicate the update is complete with success.

3. Check the upgrade status by opening the ".txt" file that is automatically generated after the update.
   The update is successful if the text "result: successful" is in the document. Try upgrading the firmware
   again if the text "result: failed" is found or the gimbal sound a long beep sound.

Updating the Remote Controller Firmware
Step 1- Check Battery and SD Card Capacity
Remote controller firmware is included in the aircraft firmware update package. Use the same update
package file that is downloaded from the DJI official website. Ensure the remote controller battery level is
above 50%.

Step 2- Prepare the Firmware Update Package
1. Extract all downloaded files into the root directory of an SD card or USB thumb drive.
2. Insert the SD card into a SD card reader or the USB disk onto the remote controller USB port when

   remote controller powered off. If you do not have a SD card reader, you may insert the SD card into
   the gimbal and connect the gimbal with remote controller to upgrade the remote controller.

Step 3- Update the Remote Controller
1. Power on the remote controller and wait 60 seconds until the upgrade begins. Do not power off the

   remote controller during the update.
2. It will take approximately 10 minutes to complete the firmware update. The camera will sound a

   beeping sound and the Status LED on the remote controller shows solid blue to indicate the update is
   in progress. The Status LED on remote controller shows solid green and beeping sound will stop if the
   upgrade is completed with success. The Status LED on remote controller shows solid red if upgrade is
   failed. Try upgrade again.
INSPIRE 1 User Manual

Updating Intelligent Flight Battery Firmware
The Intelligent Flight Battery is upgraded during the aircraft firmware upgrade process. It is recommended
to keep the upgrade package files in your SD card. The upgrade will start automatically after power
cycling the aircraft.

 Lh · Do not perform firmware update while the aircraft is still flying in the air. Only carry out firmware

           update when the aircraft is landed.
         · Be sure to update the remote controller's firmware to the latest version after you upgrade the aircraft's

           firmware.
         · The remote controller may become unlinked from the aircraft after updating. Re-link the remote

           controller and aircraft.
         · Confirm the update results acccrding to the gimbal sounds. It is normal for the aircraft to sound or the

           LED to blink during the update process.
         · Ensure there is only one firmware package file stored on your SD card.
         · Only storage devices that are formatted for FAT32 and exFAT file systems are supported for aircraft

           and remote controller firmware updates.

        · Delete any automatically generated txt files (xxx_GS.TXT) in the SD card when updating multiple

           remote controllers.

FCC Compliance
This device complies with part 15 of the FCC Rules. Operation is subject to the following two conditions:
(1) This device may not cause harmful interference. and
(2) This device must accept any interference received, including interference that may cause undesired

    operation.
Changes or modifications not expressly roved by the party responsible for compliance could void the
user's authority to operate the equipment.

Compliance Information

FCC Warning Message
Any Changes or modifications not expressly roved by the party responsible for compliance could void the
user's authority to operate the equipment.
This device complies with part 15 of the FCC Rules. Operation is subject to the following two conditions:
(1) This device may not cause harmful interference, and (2) this device must accept any interference
received, including interference that may cause undesired operation.

FCC Radiation Exposure Statement:
This equipment complies with FCC radiation exposure limits set forth for an uncontrolled environment.
This equipment should be installed and operated with minimum distance 20cm between the radiator&
your body. This transmitter must not be co-located or operating in conjunction with any other antenna or
transmitter.

Note: This equipment has been tested and found to comply with the limits for a Class B digital device,
pursuant to part 15 of the FCC Rules. These limits are designed to provide reasonable protection against
harmful interference in a residential installation. This equipment generates uses and can radiate radio
                                                                                                    INSPIRE 1 User Manual

frequency energy and, if not installed and used in accordance with the instructions, may cause harmful
interference to radio communications. However, there is no guarantee that interference will not occur in
a particular installation. If this equipment does cause harmful interference to radio or television reception,
which can be determined by turning the equipment off and on, the user is encouraged to try to correct
the interference by one or more of the following measures:
-Reorient or relocate the receiving antenna.
-Increase the separation between the equipment and receiver.
-Connect the equipment into an outlet on a circuit different from that to which the receiver is connected.
-Consult the dealer or an experienced radio!TV technician for help.

IC RSS warning
This device complies with Industry Canada licence-exempt RSS standard (s). Operation is subject to the
following two conditions: (1) this device may not cause interference, and (2) this device must accept any
interference,including interference that may cause undesired operation of the device.
Le present areil est conforme aux CNR d'lndustrie Canada licables aux areils radio exempts de licence.

L'exploitation est autorisee aux deux conditions suivantes:
(1) l'areil ne doit pas produire de brouillage, et
(2) l'utilisateur de l'areil doit accepter tout brouillage radioelectrique subi, meme si le brouillage est
susceptible d'en compromettre le fonctionnement.

IC Radiation Exposure Statement:
This equipment complies with IC RF radiation exposure limits set forth for an uncontrolled environment.
This transmitter must not be co-located or operating in conjunction with any other antenna or transmitter.
This equipment should be installed and operated with minimum distance 20cm between the radiator&
your body.
Any Changes or modifications not expressly roved by the party responsible for compliance could void the
user's authority to operate the equipment.

KCC Warning Message

"5119-~~~l:lle ~§ 8 ~ILf~~ 7fJs~OI \?~£.!2!E. '2.!~£1-~l'.f ~~.§ .-\il:ll~e it.:? \l~1L-Icf ."

"~H9' ~~~l:lle ~§% ~nf~~ 7fJs~ol \?}g"

NCC Warning Message
it;I;Jt.l~~~~~~1·11~~~!!¥1l~i*

nom+=i~~~ltis:t&~.~.g-:m.zi~;~;m~~-t~lll~~. ~~~~'FDJ, ~'EU, itli~§!Ziiem~±~PF1~tiiE3~~~lll~.

:*:Jt.l~§!Z~~JJR~~t.Z!f.J·V:t&Jt.Jti~o
m+IZ!Jil~ii;~;Jt.J~M~lli~~.Ziieffl/ff~ll!$~ffi:M:Y::3':ht=ftl'@;-i*®i§; ~~iUW.~=f!fiW.~B;¥, /f!i:.IU~~I!\\

=fiiB~i'Jl~~~~ilefflo M"I.\'i:'@;-!*®1§, ti§f-&~i§i*~~l:Ei'F~.ZI!\\t.'l!~®i§o i!ilt.J~~1~li~~5.\'i:i?$'.~-g,-;*
®f§§!ZI~, f..J.!;}W H~ffl~i~~~;Jt!:~~~ii.Z=ftlo
The content is subject to change.

I IDownload the latest version from

www.dji.com/support

© 2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.
