August 19, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12514
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA-2015-1223

Mr. Michael Travisano
Michael Angelo Photographers
91 Salem Road
Brick, NJ 08724

Dear Mr. Tavisano:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter posted to the public docket April 27, 2015, and July 22, 2015 you petitioned the
Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on behalf of Michael Angelo Photographers
(hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption. The petitioner requested to operate an
unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct aerial imaging and videography.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a Blade 350 QX3.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
                                                                                                                 2

aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Michael Angelo Photographers is granted an exemption
from 14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a),
91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a)
and (b), to the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data
collection. This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                             3

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Michael Angelo Photographers is hereafter referred to as
the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the Blade 350 QX3
    when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any
    other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
    not permitted.

3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
    exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
    compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
    airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
    aircraft manufacturer.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.

    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
    electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
    must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
    required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
                                                                                                            4

    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.
                                                                                                            5

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.
                                                                                                            6

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

    The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
    nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
    reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
    contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.
                                                                                                                 7

 If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
 television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                      8

This exemption terminates on August 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,
/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
Michael Angelo Travisano
Michael Angelo Photographers
91 Salem Road
Brick, NJ 08724
Business 732-282-9800
Cell 908-814-5488

Subject: Exemption Request Section 333 of the FAA Reform Act and Part 11 of the
Federal Aviation Regulations from 14 C.F.R. Part 21, 45.27(a), 45.29 (3)
(c)(d)(e)(f)(g)(h), 61.113 (a) & (b), 91.103, 91.119, 91.121, 91.203, 91.151
Following the format of FAA Exemption No. 11138 -Regulatory Docket No. FAA ­2014
­0481 I have included:

1) Supplemental Response for Petition

2) Blade 350 QX3 AP Combo RTF with SAFE® Technology+ User Manual

3) Personal protocols and controls -Safety/Flight concerns Pursuant to Section 333 of
the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 and 14 C.F.R. Part 11,
I, Michael Travisano, a board certified professional Photographer for more than 28
years. Would like to apply for an exemption from the following Code of Federal
Regulations (C.F.R) to be allowed commercial operation of lightweight Unmanned
Aircraft Systems (UAS) for aerial imaging and video of homes listed for sale in Ocean
and Monmouth Counties in the state of New Jersey requested by the home owner. For
the exemption length of 2 years or the maximum allowed by the FAA. (maximum gross
weight 64 ounces, equipped with four rotors that are driven by electric motors powered
by batteries, the approximate flight time 10 -15 minutes.) A built in camera with intent for
aerial video and photography to enhance sales and better represent the home for Real
Estate marketing purposes. following an exemption and approval by the FAA. My
exemption request would permit operation of ultra-light weight, unmanned (piloted by
remote control) in predetermined areas inside the home owners property lines, away
from general public, airports, heliports and vehicular traffic, under 300 ft. with a more
likely operational envelope of less than 100 ft. After carefully reviewing, inspecting and
examining the area of aerial observation. This would allow for photography within
property boundaries of an individual homeowner's real estate listing.
I will abide all FAA requirements to ensure this exemption will provide a level of safety
at least equal to existing rules and will only operate in a safe environment that is strictly
controlled. Away from power lines, elevated lights, airports and actively populated
areas; and I will conduct extensive preflight inspections and protocols, during which
safety carries primary importance. 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H: Airworthiness
Certificates 14 CFR § 91.203. Given the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area
associated with the aircraft to be utilized, I am asking exemption from
14CFRpart21,Subpart H(Airworthiness Certificates)and§91.203 (a) and (b)
(Certifications required),subject to certain conditions and limitations, is warranted and
meets the requirements for an equivalent level of safety under14CFRpart 11 and
Section 333of P.L. 112-95 (Section 333).14 C.F.R. 45.27(a): Location of marks; non
fixed-wing aircraft. 14 C.F.R. 45.29 (3) (c)(d)(e)(f)(h): Size of Marks
Furthermore I request an exemption from §45.23 Marking of the aircraft because my
UAS will not have a cabin, cockpit on which to mark certain words or
phrases. Additionally two -inch lettering will not fit on such a small aircraft with
dimensions smaller than the minimal lettering requirement. I understand the need for
markings and will mark my UAS in the largest possible lettering by placing the word
"Experimental" or assigned number or name (based on a request or ruling by the FAA )
on its fuselage as required by §45.29(f) so that anyone assisting me as a spotter will
see the markings. I also ask for an exemption from §§91.405(a),91.407(a)(1),
91.409(a)(2) and 91.417(a) and(b) Maintenance inspections may be required and
should be granted since they only apply to aircraft with an airworthiness certificate. But,
as a safety precaution I will perform a preflight inspection of my UAS before each flight
as outlined in his operating documents.14 CFR 61.113 (a) & (b): Private pilot privileges
and limitations: Pilot in command. Under §61.113 (a) and(b) private pilots are limited to
non-commercial operations, however I can achieve an equivalent level of safety as
achieved by current regulations because my UAS does not carry any pilots or
passengers. While helpful, a pilots' license will not ensure remote control piloting skills.
The risks of operating a UAS are far less than the risk levels inherent in the commercial
activities outlined in 14 CFR part61,et seq., I requests an exemption from §61.113
Private Pilot Privileges and Limitations .Regarding UAS operational training, I have
experience flying practice flights in a remote control park located in Farmingdale NJ an
area designated for hobbyist for remote control flight. The purpose is to gain
familiarization with the characteristics of my UAS' performance under different
temperature and weather conditions. I am aware of a three-day drone training course in
Las Vegas Nevada and would attend if required by the FAA.14 C.F.R. 91.103 (b)(1),
(b)(2): Preflight Action If granted an exemption I agree to additional safety procedures
including, but not limited to:

1)Keeping my UAS within a radius distance of 1000 feet from the controller to both
aid in direct line of sight visual observation.
2)Operate the UAS for 3-7 minutes per flight; land my UAS according to the
manufacturer's recommended minimum level of battery power.
3)Operate my UAS only within visual line of sight (VLOS).
4)Use the UAS' global positioning system(GPS) flight safety feature; it hovers and
then slowly lands if communication with the remote control.
7-10-15                           Docket (No. FAA-2015-1223-0001)
Michael Angelo Travisano
Michael Angelo Photographers LLC
91 Salem Road
Brick, NJ 08724
Business 732-282-9800
Cell 908-814-5488

Re: Additional Information requested by Program Analyst Brenda Robeson On 7-1-15

Public Benefit and Safety

Granting the present petition will further the public interest by allowing Michael Angelo Photographers to safely, efficiently, and
economically perform aerial video and photography of, real estate locations, and landscapes.
It will decrease congestion of the National air space by using unmanned aircraft that do not require an airport to takeoff or land.
therefore it will reduce the amount of manned aircraft conducting aerial video and photography missions. It would then result in fewer
aircraft that must be handled by air traffic control during the ground, takeoff, departure, arrival, and landing phases of flight
operations, reduce pollution, and provide significant benefits to the economy.

My Blade 350 QX3 AP Combo RTF with SAFE® Technology can be considered superior to full size manned aircraft for this
company's purposed limited use, due to the smaller device size ,cheaper equipment and personnel cost, reduced noise that will greatly
benefit the public by drastically reducing the levels of air and noise pollution that are generated during traditional full sized fixed wing
aerial flight operations. By using battery power and electric motors, my UAs (Unmanned Aircraft System) will not produce air
pollution, and is the most viable environmentally conscious alternative to the traditional full sized MANNED fixed wing aircraft.

I am petitioning for an exemption to operate a UAs with a built-in stabilized HD camera and GPS safety features which restrict its
ability to a specified height above ground. It also has a feature that limits the distance it can fly from the controller thus adding an
additional level to public safety.

my UAs also has a failsafe function that is triggered in the event communication is lost between the UAs and the main controller
transmitter. At that time, the UAs will autonomously return to its point of takeoff and land safely.

Additional information of support for Exemption request

Operating the battery powered UAs is one such technology that not only allows companies greater operational flexibility compared to
manned aircraft, but provides such flexibility without the high operational cost of a traditional manned aircraft. By operating a UAs,
companies such as Michael Angelo Photographers , can remain competitive and profitable, and therefore, provide greater job stability
to employees and contractors, which will ultimately contribute to growth of the U.S. economy.

I will only operate my UAs in mine or my observer's line-of-sight and will operate at locations that are `sufficient distance' from
populated areas within the flight area. Such operations will ensure that the UAs will "not create a hazard to users of the national
airspace, or the public."

I will not fly the UAs within five (5) miles of an airport . Maximum flight time for each operation will be between 4-12 minutes.

Flights will be terminated when battery levels reach 25%, allowing sufficient reserve flight time to safely land the UAs.

The UAs will be programmed so it will not be operated at an altitude that exceeds 200 feet AGL, and not more than 200 feet above an
elevated platform from which video and photography is planned.

Minimum crew for each operation shall consist of: UAs operator, and a visual UAs observer,

The UAs operated by Michael Angelo weighs less than 8 pounds, including all payload (i.e. camera, lens, and stabilized gimbal ).

The UAs will operate at speeds of no more than 18 knots per hour.
