September 17, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12912
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­2213

Mr. Michael E. Olsen
14 Old Town Lane
Halesite, NY 11743

Dear Mr. Olsen:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated May 21, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) for
an exemption. You requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct
aerial videography and photography for marketing, appraisals, motion picture filming, aerial
acquisitions for inspections.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a DJI Inspire 1 and DJI Phantom 3.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
                                                                                                                 2

meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Mr. Michael E. Olsen is granted an exemption from
14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c),
91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to
the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Mr. Michael E. Olsen is hereafter referred to as the operator.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                                                 3

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Inspire 1 and
         DJI Phantom 3 when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed
         operations of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this
         exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are not
         permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
         must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
         documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
         Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
         limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
         the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
         Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
         documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
                                                                                                            4

    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
                                                                                                            5

    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.
                                                                                                               6

   23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
       any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
       PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
       These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
       official upon request.

   24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
       activities at all times.

   25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

   26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
       persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
          a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
             from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
             that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
             where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
             the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
             of nonparticipating persons; and
          b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
             for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
             the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
             present an undue hazard.

       The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
       nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

   27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
       permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
       Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
       obtained for each flight to be conducted.

   28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
       boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
       to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
       reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
       contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

   29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
       as documented in this grant of exemption.
                                                                                                                 7

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                                                 8

This exemption terminates on September 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,
/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
   UNITED  STATES  OF  AMERICA  DEPARTMENT  OF  TRANSPORTATION  FEDERAL  AVIATION  
                                 ADMINISTRATION  WASHINGTON,  DC  
                                                          
                                                          
                                          Regulatory  Docket  No.  
                                                          
                                                          
                                                          

         IN  THE  MATTER  OF  THE  PETITION  FOR  EXEMPTION  OF:  MICHAEL  E.  OLSEN  
             FOR  AN  EXEMPTION  SEEKING  RELIEF  FROM  THE  REQUIREMENTS  OF  
                         TITLE  14  OF  THE  CODE  OF  FEDERAL  REGULATIONS  

SECTIONS  61.113(a)  &  (b),  91.7(a),  91.121,  91.151(b),  91.405(a),  91.407(a)(1),  91.409(a)(1)  
             &  (a)(2),  AND  91.417(a)  &  (b)  CONCERNING  COMMERCIAL  OPERATION  

      DJI  Inspire  1  and  DJI  Phantom  3  UNMANNED  AIRCRAFT  SYSTEMS  and  a  BLANKET  
  EXEMPTION  FOR  UAS  OPERATION  LESS  THAN  55  POUNDS,  DAYLIGHT  OPERATION,  VLOS,  

                                    VFR  AND  BELOW  200  FEET  AGL.  
                                                          

                                     PURSUANT  TO  SECTION  333  OF  
                      THE  FAA  MODERNIZATION  AND  REFORM  ACT  OF  2012  

                                                          
                                           (PUBLIC  LAW  112-95)  

                                                          
                                                          
                                       Submitted  on  MAY  21,  2015  
                                                          

                                                                                         MICHAEL  E.  OLSEN  
                                                                                       14  OLD  TOWN  LANE  
                                                                                       HALESITE,  NY  11743  

                                                                                               516-317-6222  
                                                                                  MEOLSEN@YAHOO.COM  

   1  
                                            TABLE  OF  CONTENTS  

GLOSSARY  OF  ABBREVIATIONS                                                                                   4  

SUMMARY                                                                                                       5  

INTRODUCTION  AND  INTERESTS  OF  THE  PETITIONER                                                             5  

BACKGROUND                                                                                                    5  

Unmanned  Aircraft  Systems:  DJI  Inspire  1,  DJI  Phantom  3  (Herafter  the  DJI  UAS  Aircraft)          5  

BASIS  FOR  PETITION                                                                                          6  

Name  And  Address  Of  The  Petitioner.                                                                      7  

THE  SPECIFIC  SECTIONS  OF  14  C.F.R.  FROM  WHICH  MICHAEL  E.  OLSEN  SEEKS  EXEMPTION.                   7  

MICHAEL  E.  OLSEN  Seeks  Exemption  From  The  Requirements  Of  Section  61.113(a)  And  
(b).   7  

MICHAEL  E.  OLSEN  Seeks  Exemption  From  The  Requirements  Of  Section  91.7(a).                          8  

MICHAEL  E.  OLSEN  Seeks  Exemption  From  The  Requirements  Of  Section  91.121.                           8  

MICHAEL  E.  OLSEN  Seeks  Exemption  From  The  Requirements  Of  Section  91.151(b).   8  

MICHAEL  E.  OLSEN  Seeks  Exemption  From  The  Requirement  Of  Section  91.405(a).                         8  

MICHAEL  E.  OLSEN  Seeks  Exemption  From  The  Requirements  Of  Section  91.407(a)(1)   9  

MICHAEL  E.  OLSEN  Seeks  Exemption  From  The  Requirements  Of  Sections  91.409(a)(1)    

And    91.409(a)(2).                                                                                          9  

MICHAEL  E.  OLSEN  Seeks  Exemption  From  The  Requirements  Of  Sections  91.417(a)    And    

91.417(b).                                                                                                    9  

THE  EXTENT  OF  RELIEF  MICHAEL  E.  OLSEN  SEEKS  AND  THE  REASON  MICHAEL  E.  OLSEN  

SEEKS  THE    RELIEF.                                                                                         10  

Extent  Of  Relief  MICHAEL  E.  OLSEN  Seeks  And  The  Reason  MICHAEL  E.  OLSEN  Seeks  Relief  

From  Section  61.113(a)  And  (b).                                                                           11  

Extent  Of  Relief  MICHAEL  E.  OLSEN  Seeks  And  The  Reason  MICHAEL  E.  OLSEN  Seeks    

Relief    From    Section    91.7(a).                                                                         11  

Extent  Of  Relief  MICHAEL  E.  OLSEN  Seeks  And  The  Reason  MICHAEL  E.  OLSEN  Seeks    

Relief    From    Section    91.121.                                                                          12  

Extent  Of  Relief  MICHAEL  E.  OLSEN  Seeks  And  The  Reason  MICHAEL  E.  OLSEN  Seeks  Relief  

From  Section  91.151(b).                                                                                     12  

Extent  Of  Relief  MICHAEL  E.  OLSEN  Seeks  And  The  Reason  MICHAEL  E.  OLSEN  Seeks  Relief  
From  Sections  91.405(a),  91.407(a)(1),  91.409(a)(1)  &  (a)(2),  And  91.417(a)  &  (b).   13  

The  Reasons  Why  Granting  MICHAEL  E.  OLSEN  Request  Would  Be  In  The  Public  Interest;  That  Is,  

How  It  Would  Benefit  The  Public  As  A  Whole.                                                           13  

The  Public  Will  Benefit  From  Decreased  Congestion  Of  The  NAS.                                        13  

The  Public  Will  Benefit  From  The  Safety  And  Efficiency  Of  The  DJI  UAS  Aircraft                   14  

Performing  Aerial  Video  and  Photography  Operations  With  The  DJI  UAS  Aircraft  will  

Benefit  The  Economy.                                                                                        14  

There  Are  No  Privacy  Issues.                                                                              15  

The  Reasons  Why  Granting  The  Exemption  Would  Not  Adversely  Affect  Safety,  Or  How  The  

Exemption  Would  Provide  A  Level  Of  Safety  At  Least  Equal  To  That  Provided  By  The  Rule  From  

Which  MICHAEL  E.  OLSEN  Seeks  Exemption.                                                                  15  

   2  
Reasons  Why  The  DJI  UAS  Aircraft  Meet  The  Conditions  Of  The  FAA  Modernization  and  

Reform  Act  of  2012  (FMRA)  Section  333.                                                                        15  

The  Specifications  Of  The  DJI  UAS  Aircraft  Demonstrate  Its  Safe  Characteristics.                          16  

Technical  Specifications  of  DJI  UAS  Aircraft.                                                                  16  

DJI  UAS  Aircraft  GCS  Operation.                                                                                 17  

Flight  Operations  Of  DJI  UAS  Aircraft  are  Limited  To  The  Line  Of  Sight  Of  A  Certificated  

Pilot  in  Command  With  A  Safety  Observer.                                                                      17  

Flights  Of  DJI  UAS  Aircraft  will  Be  Conducted  Pursuant  To  Specific  Operating                             17  
Limitations.  

Reasons  Why  An  Exemption  From  The  Requirements  Of  Section  61.113(a)  And  (b)  Would  Not  

Adversely  Affect  Safety.                                                                                          21  

Reasons  Why  An  Exemption  From  The  Requirements  Of  Section  91.7(a)  Would  Not  Adversely  

Affect  Safety.                                                                                                     23  

Reasons  Why  An  Exemption  From  The  Requirements  Of  Section  91.121  Would  Not  Adversely  

Affect  Safety.                                                                                                     23  

Reasons  Why  An  Exemption  From  The  Requirements  Of  Section  91.151(b)  Would  Not  Adversely  

Affect  Safety.                                                                                                     24  

Reasons  Why  An  Exemption  From  The  Requirements  Of  Sections  91.405(a),  91.407(a)(1),                       24  
91.409(a)(1)  &  (a)(2),  And  91.417(a)  &  (b)  Would  Not  Adversely  Affect  Safety.  

The  FAA  May  Prescribe  Any  Other  Conditions  For  Safe  Operation.                                             25  

A  Summary  That  Can  Be  Published  In  The  Federal  Register,  stating:  The  Rules  From  Which                26  
MICHAEL  E.  OLSEN  Seeks  Exemption:  

A  Brief  Description  Of  The  Nature  Of  The  Exemption  MICHAEL  E.  OLSEN  Seeks:                              27  

Any    Additional    Information,    Views,    Or    Arguments    Available    To  Support  MICHAEL  E.  OLSEN    

Request.                                                                                                            27  

CONCLUSION                                                                                                          27  

                                         

     

   3  
                    GLOSSARY  OF  ABBREVIATIONS  
 AGL
 AOI                     Above Ground Level
 ATC                     Area of Interest
 ATO                     Air Traffic Control
 AV                      Air Traffic Organization
 CFR                     Aerial Vehicle
 COA                     Code of Federal Regulations
 DJI UAS Aircraft        Certificate of Authorization
 FAA                     DJI Inspire 1 and Phantom 3 subject of this Petition.
 FAR                     Federal Aviation Administration
 GCS                     Federal Aviation Regulation
 GPS                     Ground Control Station
 LOL                     Global Positioning System
 NAS                     Loss of Link
 NOTAM                   National Airspace System
 PIC                     Notice to Airman
 Section 333             Pilot In Command
 SO                      FAA Mod and Reform Act of 2012 (FMRA) Section 333
 SOP                     Safety Observer
 UAV                     Standard Operating Procedures
 UAS                     Unmanned Aircraft Vehicle
 VFR                     Unmanned Aircraft System
 VLOS                    Visual Flight Rules
 VMC                     Visual Line of Site
 VTOL                    Visual Meteorological Conditions
                         Vertical Takeoff and Landing
  
                     
  

   4  
  
  
SUMMARY
  
MICHAEL  E.  OLSEN  seeks  exemption  from  the  requirements  of  14  C.F.R  §§  61.113(a)  &  (b),  
91.7(a),  91.121,  91.151(b),  91.405(a),  91.407(a)(1),  91.409(a)(1)  &  (a)(2),  and  91.417(a)  &  
(b),  to  operate  an  Unmanned  Aircraft  System  pursuant  to  Section  333  of  the  FAA  
Modernization  and  Reform  Act  of  2012  (FMRA).  This  exemption  will  permit  MICHAEL  E.  
OLSEN  to  operate  an  Unmanned  Aircraft  System  (UAS)  for  the  commercial  purpose  of  
conducting  aerial  video  and  photography  in  support  of  small  business,  community  and  
charitable  activities  in  and  around  the  State  of  New  York.  
  
INTRODUCTION AND INTERESTS OF THE PETITIONER
  
MICHAEL  E.  OLSEN's  primary  occupation  is  a  senior  executive  in  a  media  company  but  has  
hundreds  of  hours  as  a  UAS  hobbyist.    From  time  to  time  he  is  asked  to  support  local  
community,  small  business,  and  charitable  activities  by  providing  commercial  aerial  
photography  or  videography.    In  the  absence  of  the  exemption,  MICHAEL  E  OLSEN  must  
decline  to  support  these  interests.  The  objective  of  MICHAEL  E.  OLSEN  and  his  aerial  
operations  is  to  provide  high  quality  imaging  for  a  variety  of  commercial,  public,  and  
residential  uses,  that  are  incidental  to  his  primary  occupation,  specifically  targeting  
  

    ·   Marketing  
    ·   Construction  sites  before  and  after  
    ·   Appraisals  
    ·   Motion  Picture  Filming  
    ·   Aerial  acquisitions  for  inspections  of  public  and  private  structures.  
    ·   Building  Inspection  operations  
  
BACKGROUND
  
    Unmanned  Aircraft  Systems:  DJI  Inspire  1,  DJI  Phantom  3  (Hereafter  the  DJI  UAS  
    Aircraft)  
  
MICHAEL  E.  OLSEN  seeks  an  exemption  to  operate  DJI  Inspire  1  and  DJI  Phantom  3  UAS  
systems  for  compensation  or  hire  within  the  NAS.  The  DJI  Inspire  1,  Phantom  3  are  vertical  
takeoff  and  landing  (VTOL)  Unmanned  Aircraft  (UA)  with  a  Ground  Control  Station  (GCS)  
utilizing  electronic  tablet  or  smart  phone  systems.  
  
The  DJI  Inspire  1  has  a  maximum  gross  weight  of  approximately  7  pounds,  with  a  length  of  
17  inches  and  a  width  of  18  inches  and  a  height  of  10  inches  and  a  maximum  speed  of  
approximately  30  knots.  
  

   5  
DJI  Phantom  3  has  a  maximum  gross  weight  of  6  pounds  7.5  ounces,  a  length  of  17.3  
inches,  width  of  17.7  inches,  height  of  11.8  inches,  and  a  maximum  speed  of  approximately  
30  knots.  The  DJI  Inspire  1  and  Phantom  3  are  equipped  with  four  main  rotors;  driven  by  
Lithium  Polymer  battery  powered  electric  motors.  
  
The  DJI  Inspire  1  and  DJI  Phantom  3  will  be  operated  by  MICHAEL  E.  OLSEN  and  will  be  
registered  in  accordance  with  49  U.S.C.  44103,  Registration  of  Aircraft,  as  well  as  14  C.F.R  
Part  47,  Aircraft  Registration,  and  marked  in  accordance  with  14  C.F.R.  Part  45,  
Identification  and  Registration  Marking.  
  

    BASIS  FOR  PETITION  
  
Petitioner,  MICHAEL  E.  OLSEN  ,  pursuant  to  the  provisions  of  the  Federal  Aviation  
Regulations  (14  C.F.R.  §  11.61)  and  the  FAA  Modernization  and  Reform  Act  of  2012  (FMRA),  
Section  333,  Special  Rules  for  Certain  Unmanned  Aircraft  Systems,  hereby  petitions  the  
Administrator  to  commercially  operate  the  DJI  UAS  Aircraft  in  the  National  Airspace  System  
(NAS),  and  for  an  exemption  from  the  requirements  of  14  C.F.R  §§  61.113(a)  &  (b),  91.7(a),  
91.121,  91.151(b),  91.405(a),  91.407(a)(1),  91.409(a)(1)  &  (a)(2),  and  91.417(a)  &  (b).  
  
In  consideration  of  the  speed,  weight,  size,  and  limited  operating  area  associated  with  the  
unmanned  aircraft  and  its  operation,  MICHAEL  E.  OLSEN  operation  DJI  UAS  Aircraft  meets  
the  conditions  of  FMRA  Section  333  and  therefore,  will  not  require  an  airworthiness  
certificate  in  accordance  with  14  C.F.R.  Part  21,  Subpart  H.  
  
Accordingly,  MICHAEL  E.  OLSEN  requests  relief  from  Sections  91.405(a),  91.407(a)(1),  
91.409(a)(1)  &  (a)(2),  and  91.417(a)  &  (b),  as  these  sections  set  forth  requirements  for  
maintenance  that  only  apply  to  aircraft  with  an  airworthiness  certificate.  
  
MICHAEL  E.  OLSEN  submits  that  the  requested  relief  is  proper  since  an  equivalent  level  of  
safety  will  be  ensured.  MICHAEL  E.  OLSEN  will  use  experienced  personnel  or  technicians  to  
perform  maintenance,  alterations,  or  preventive  maintenance  on  the  UASs  using  the  
methods,  techniques,  and  practices  prescribed  in  the  operating  documents.  
  
Relief  from  certain  requirements  of  Section  61.113(a)  and  (b),  entitled  Private  pilot  
privileges  and  limitations:  Pilot  in  command,  is  requested  by  MICHAEL  E.  OLSEN  to  the  
extent  necessary  to  allow  a  Pilot  in  Command  (PIC)  with  significant  experience  in  the  field  
of  UAV's,  and  who  has  demonstrated,  by  meeting  minimum  flight-hour  and  currency  
requirements,  that  the  PIC  is  able  to  safely  operate  the  DJI  UAS  Aircraft  in  a  manner  
consistent  with  this  exemption,  including  evasive  and  emergency  maneuvers  and  
maintaining  appropriate  distances  from  people,  vessels,  vehicles  and  structures.  
  
MICHAEL  E.  OLSEN  seeks  relief  from  Section  91.7(a),  entitled  Civil  aircraft  airworthiness,  
because  the  DJI  UAS  Aircraft  do  not  require  an  airworthiness  certificate  in  accordance  with  
14  C.F.R.  Part  21,  Subpart  H.  As  such,  MICHAEL  E.  OLSEN  submits  that  he  will  ensure  the  DJI  

   6  
UAS  Aircraft  are  in  an  airworthy  condition,  prior  to  every  flight,  by  determining  that  the  
UASs  are  in  compliance  with  the  operating  documents  and  that  the  aircraft  are  in  a  
condition  for  safe  flight.  
  
MICHAEL  E.  OLSEN  also  seeks  an  exemption  from  the  requirements  of  Section  91.121,  
entitled  Altimeter  Settings,  DJI  UAS  aircraft  will  not  have  a  typical  barometric  altimeter  
onboard.  However,  altitude  information  of  the  DJI  UAS  Aircraft  will  be  provided  to  the  PIC  
via  Global  Positioning  System  (GPS)  equipment  and  radio  communications  telemetry  data  
link,  which  downlinks  from  the  UA  to  the  GCS  for  active  monitoring  of  the  flight  path.  This  
altitude  information,  combined  with  MICHAEL  E.  OLSEN  operation  of  the  DJI  UAS  Aircraft  
within  visual  line  of  sight,  at  or  below  400  feet  AGL,  will  ensure  a  level  of  safety  equivalent  
to  Section  91.121.  
  
Additionally,  MICHAEL  E.  OLSEN  seeks  an  exemption  from  the  requirements  of  Section  
91.151(b),  entitled  Fuel  requirements  for  flight  in  VFR  conditions.  MICHAEL  E.  OLSEN  
submits  that  safety  will  not  be  affected  by  operation  of  the  DJI  UAS  Aircraft  during  daylight  
hours  in  visual  meteorological  conditions  (VMC)  under  visual  flight  rules  (VFR),  with  enough  
battery  power  to  fly  for  a  total  duration  of  approximately  15  minutes  to  the  first  point  of  
intended  landing  and,  assuming  normal  cruising  speed,  to  fly  after  that  for  at  least  
5minutes.  
  
In  accordance  with  14  C.F.R.  §  11.81,  MICHAEL  E.  OLSEN  provides  the  following  information  
in  support  of  its  petition  for  exemption:  

    Name  And  Address  Of  The  Petitioner.  
  
The  name  and  address  of  the  Petitioner  and  point  of  contact  is:  
  

                  MICHAEL  E.  OLSEN  
                  14  Old  Town  Lane  
                  Halesite,  NY  11743  
                  516-317-6222  (Mobile)  
                  meolsen@yahoo.com  
  
  
The Specific Sections Of 14 C.F.R. From Which MICHAEL E. OLSEN Seeks
Exemption.
  
    MICHAEL  E.  OLSEN  Seeks  Exemption  From  The  Requirements  Of  Section  61.113(a)  
    And  (b).  
  
          Section  61.113,  entitled  Private  pilot  privileges  and  limitations:  Pilot  in  command,  
          subsections  (a)  and  (b)  prescribe  the  following,  in  relevant  part:  
            

   7  
          No  person  who  holds  a  private  pilot  certificate  may  act  as  a  pilot  in  command  (PIC)  
          of  an  aircraft  that  is  carrying  passengers  or  property  for  compensation  or  hire;  nor  
          may  that  person,  for  compensation  or  hire,  act  as  PIC  of  an  aircraft.  
          A  private  pilot  may,  for  compensation  or  hire,  act  as  PIC  of  an  aircraft  in  
          connection  with  any  business  or  employment  if--  
          The  flight  is  only  incidental  to  that  business  or  employment;  and  
          The  aircraft  does  not  carry  passengers  or  property  for  compensation  or  hire.  
  
    MICHAEL  E.  OLSEN  Seeks  Exemption  From  The  Requirements  Of  Section  91.7(a).  
  
    Section  91.7,  entitled  Civil  aircraft  airworthiness,  subsection  (a),  states  the  following:  
      
     (a) No person may operate a civil aircraft unless it is in an airworthy condition.
  
    MICHAEL  E.  OLSEN  Seeks  Exemption  From  The  Requirements  Of  Section  91.121.  
  
         Section  91.121,  entitled  Altimeter  settings,  subsection  (a),  states  the  following,  in  
         part:  
           
         Each  person  operating  an  aircraft  shall  maintain  the  cruising  altitude  or  flight  level  
         of  that  aircraft,  as  the  case  may  be,  by  reference  to  an  altimeter  that  is  set,  when  
         operating--  
         Below  18,000  feet  MSL,  to--  
         The  current  reported  altimeter  setting  of  a  station  along  the  route  and  within  100  
         nautical  miles  of  the  aircraft;  
         If  there  is  no  station  within  the  area  prescribed  in  paragraph  (a)(1)(i)  of  this  section,  
         the  current  reported  altimeter  setting  of  an  appropriate  available  station;  or  
         In  the  case  of  an  aircraft  not  equipped  with  a  radio,  the  elevation  of  the  departure  
         airport  or  an  appropriate  altimeter  setting  available  before  departure.  
  
    MICHAEL  E.  OLSEN  Seeks  Exemption  From  The  Requirements  Of  Section  91.151(b).  
  
         Section  91.151,  entitled  Fuel  requirements  for  flight  in  VFR  conditions,  subsection  
         (b),  states  the  following:  
           
         (b)  No  person  may  begin  a  flight  in  a  rotorcraft  under  VFR  conditions  unless  
         (considering  wind  and  forecast  weather  conditions)  there  is  enough  fuel  to  fly  to  
         the  first  point  of  intended  landing  and,  assuming  normal  cruising  speed,  to  fly  after  
         that  for  at  least  20  minutes.    
           
    MICHAEL  E.  OLSEN  Seeks  Exemption  From  The  Requirement  Of  Section  91.405(a).  
  
         Section  91.405,  entitled  Maintenance  required,  subsection  (a),  states  the  following:    
           

   8  
         Each  owner  or  operator  of  an  aircraft--  
           
         Shall  have  that  aircraft  inspected  as  prescribed  in  subpart  E  of  this  part  and  shall  
         between  required  inspections,  except  as  provided  in  paragraph  (c)  of  this  section,  
         have  discrepancies  repaired  as  prescribed  in  part  43  of  this  chapter[.]  
  
    MICHAEL  E.  OLSEN  Seeks  Exemption  From  The  Requirements  Of  Section  91.407(a)(1)  
  
         Section  91.407,  entitled  Operation  after  maintenance,  preventive  maintenance,  
         rebuilding,  or  alteration,  subsection  (a)(1),  states  the  following:  
         No  person  may  operate  any  aircraft  that  has  undergone  maintenance,  preventive  
         maintenance,  rebuilding,  or  alteration  unless--  
         It  has  been  approved  for  return  to  service  by  a  person  authorized  under  
         §  43.7  of  this  chapter[.]  
  
    MICHAEL  E.  OLSEN  Seeks  Exemption  From  The  Requirements  Of  Sections  91.409(a)(1)    
    And    91.409(a)(2).  
  
         Section  91.409,  entitled  Inspections,  subsection  (a),  states  the  following:  
           
         Except  as  provided  in  paragraph  (c)  of  this  section,  no  person  may  operate  an  
         aircraft  unless,  within  the  preceding  12  calendar  months,  it  has  had  --  
           
         An  annual  inspection  in  accordance  with  part  43  of  this  chapter  and  has  been  
         approved  for  return  to  service  by  a  person  authorized  by  §  43.7  of  this  chapter;  or  
           
         An  inspection  for  the  issuance  of  an  airworthiness  certificate  in  accordance  with  
         part  21  of  this  chapter.  
           
    MICHAEL  E.  OLSEN  Seeks  Exemption  From  The  Requirements  Of  Sections  91.417(a)    
    And    91.417(b).  
  
         Section  91.417,  entitled  Maintenance  records,  subsections  (a)  and  (b),  state  the  
         following:  
           
         Except  for  work  performed  in  accordance  with  §§  91.411  and  91.413,  each  
         registered  owner  or  operator  shall  keep  the  following  records  for  the  periods  
         specified  in  paragraph  (b)  of  this  section:  
           
         Records  of  the  maintenance,  preventive  maintenance,  and  alteration  and  records  of  
         the  100-hour,  annual,  progressive,  and  other  required  or  approved  inspections,  as  
         appropriate,  for  each  aircraft  (including  the  airframe)  and  each  engine,  propeller,  
         rotor,  and  appliance  of  an  aircraft.  The  records  must  include--  
           

   9  
         A  description  (or  reference  to  data  acceptable  to  the  Administrator)  of  the  work  
         performed;  and  
           
         The  date  of  completion  of  the  work  performed;  and  
           
         The  signature  and  certificate  number  of  the  person  approving  the  aircraft  for  return  
         to  service.  
           
         Records  containing  the  following  information:  
           
         The  total  time  in  service  of  the  airframe,  each  engine,  each  propeller,  and  each  
         rotor.  
           
         The  current  status  of  life-limited  parts  of  each  airframe,  engine,  propeller,  rotor,  
         and  appliance.  
           
         The  time  since  last  overhaul  of  all  items  installed  on  the  aircraft  which  are  required  
         to  be  overhauled  on  a  specified  time  basis.  
           
         The  current  inspection  status  of  the  aircraft,  including  the  time  since  the  last  
         inspection  required  by  the  inspection  program  under  which  the  aircraft  and  its  
         appliances  are  maintained.  
           
         The  current  status  of  applicable  airworthiness  directives  (AD)  and  safety  directives  
         including,  for  each,  the  method  of  compliance,  the  AD  or  safety  directive  number  
         and  revision  date.  If  the  AD  or  safety  directive  involves  recurring  action,  the  time  
         and  date  when  the  next  action  is  required.  
           
         Copies  of  the  forms  prescribed  by  §  43.9(d)  of  this  chapter  for  each  major  alteration  
         to  the  airframe  and  currently  installed  engines,  rotors,  propellers,  and  appliances.  
         The  owner  or  operator  shall  retain  the  following  records  for  the  periods  prescribed:    
         The  records  specified  in  paragraph  (a)(1)  of  this  section  shall  be  retained  until  the  
         work  is  repeated  or  superseded  by  other  work  or  for  1  year  after  the  work  is  
         performed.    
           
         The  records  specified  in  paragraph  (a)(2)  of  this  section  shall  be  retained  and  
         transferred  with  the  aircraft  at  the  time  the  aircraft  is  sold.  
         A  list  of  defects  furnished  to  a  registered  owner  or  operator  under  §43.11  of  this  
         chapter  shall  be  retained  until  the  defects  are  repaired  and  the  aircraft  is  approved  
         for  return  to  service.  
  
The Extent of Relief MICHAEL E. OLSEN Seeks and The Reason MICHAEL E.

OLSEN Seeks the Relief.
  

   10  
    Extent  of  Relief  MICHAEL  E.  OLSEN  Seeks  and  The  Reason  MICHAEL  E.  OLSEN  Seeks  
    Relief  from  Section  61.113(a)  And  (b).  
  

         Relief  from  Section  61.113(a)  and  (b)  entitled  Private  pilot  privileges  and  limitations:  
         Pilot  in  command,  is  requested  to  the  extent  necessary  to  allow  a  PIC  holding  a  
         private  pilot  or  higher  level  certificate,  as  well  as  a  current  and  valid  airman  medical  
         certificate,  and  who  has  met  certain  flight-hour  and  currency  requirements,  to  
         conduct  the  proposed  UAS  
         flight  operations  for  compensation  or  hire.  
           
         This  relief  is  requested  since  the  limitations  set  forth  in  Section  61.113(a)  and  (b)  
         state  that  a  private  pilot  may,  for  compensation  or  hire,  act  as  PIC  of  an  aircraft  in  
         connection  with  any  business  or  employment  if:  (1)  The  flight  is  only  incidental  to  
         that  business  or  employment;  and  (2)  The  aircraft  does  not  carry  passengers  or  
         property  for  compensation  or  hire.  
           
         As  set  forth  more  fully  below,  MICHAEL  E.  OLSEN  submits  that  an  equivalent  level  of  
         safety  will  be  maintained  because  no  PIC  will  be  allowed  to  operate  the  DJI  Inspire  
         1,DJI  Phantom  2  UAS  or  DJI  Phantom  3  UAS  unless  that  PIC  has  met  certain  flight-
         hour  and  currency  requirements,  demonstrating  that  the  PIC  is  able  to  safely  
         operate  either  the  DJI  Inspire  1,  DJI  Phantom  2  or  DJI  Phantom  3  UAS  in  a  manner  
         consistent  with  the  operations  specifications  as  described  in  this  exemption,  
         including  evasive  and  emergency  maneuvers,  as  well  as  maintaining  appropriate  
         distances  from  people,  vessels,  vehicles  and  structures.  
           
         Further,  MICHAEL  E.  OLSEN  submits  that  all  flights  of  DJI  UAS  aircraft,  conducted  by  
         the  PIC  pursuant  to  the  grant  of  this  Petition:    (1)  will  be  incidental  to  MICHAEL  E.  
         OLSEN  business;  and  (2)  will  not  carry  passengers  or  property  for  compensation  or  
         hire.  
  
    Extent  of  Relief  MICHAEL  E.  OLSEN  Seeks  and  The  Reason  MICHAEL  E.  OLSEN  Seeks  
    Relief  from  Section  91.7(a).  
  
         Relief  from  Section  91.7(a)  entitled  Civil  aircraft  airworthiness,  is  requested  to  the  
         extent  required  to  allow  MICHAEL  E.  OLSEN  to  determine  that  the  DJI  UAS  Aircraft  
         are  in  airworthy  condition  prior  to  every  flight  by  ensuring  that  the  UAS  is  in  
         compliance  with  the  operating  documents  (i.e.,  the  MICHAEL  E.  OLSEN  Aerial  
         Operations  Manual,  Monthly  Maintenance  Log,  and  DJI  UAS  Aircraft  Instruction  
         Manual).  
           
         MICHAEL  E.  OLSEN  seeks  the  requested  relief  because  the  DJI  UAS  Aircraft  do  not  
         require  an  airworthiness  certificate  in  accordance  with  14  C.F.R.  Part  21,  Subpart  H.  
         Therefore,  MICHAEL  E.  OLSEN  will  ensure  that  the  DJI  UAS  Aircraft  are  in  airworthy  
         condition  based  upon  its  compliance  with  the  operating  documents  (i.e.,  Monthly  

   11  
         Maintenance  Log,  and  DJI  UAS  Aircraft  Instruction  Manual)  prior  to  every  flight,  and  
         further,  determine  that  the  aircraft  are  in  condition  for  safe  flight,  as  stated  in  the  
         conditions  and  limitations  below.  
  
    Extent  of  Relief  MICHAEL  E.  OLSEN  Seeks  and  The  Reason  MICHAEL  E.  OLSEN  Seeks  
    Relief  from  Section  91.121.  
  
         Relief  from  Section  91.121,  entitled  Altimeter  settings,  may  be  required  to  allow  
         flight  operations  of  the  DJI  UAS  Aircraft,  which  utilize  a  barometric  pressure  sensor,  
         GPS  equipment,  and  a  radio  communications  telemetry  data  link  to  downlink  
         altitude  information  from  the  UA  to  the  PIC  at  the  ground  control  station  (GCS).  
         Since  the  FAA  requires  that  any  altitude  information  concerning  UAS  operations  be  
         reported  to  air  traffic  control  (ATC)  in  feet  above  ground  level  (AGL),  MICHAEL  E  
         OLSEN  seeks  the  requested  relief  because  the  DJI  UAS  Aircraft  altimeter  may  be  set  
         on  the  ground  to  zero  feet  AGL,  rather  than  the  local  barometric  pressure  or  field  
         altitude,  before  each  flight.    
           
         Considering  the  limited  altitude  of  the  proposed  operations,  relief  from  14  CFR  
         91.121  is  sought  to  the  extent  necessary  to  comply  with  the  applicable  conditions  
         and  limitations  stated  below.  As  more  fully  set  forth  herein,  an  equivalent  level  of  
         safety  will  be  maintained  since  the  DJI  UAS  Aircraft  are  equipped  with  a  barometric  
         pressure  sensor  and  GPS  equipment,  which  automatically  ensures  that  a  ground  
         level  pressure  setting  will  be  established  prior  to  each  flight,  and  provides  the  PIC  
         with  altitude  information  of  the  UA  on  the  heads-up  display  of  the  GCS.  
  
    Extent  of  Relief  MICHAEL  E.  OLSEN  Seeks  and  The  Reason  MICHAEL  E.  OLSEN  Seeks  
    Relief  from  Section  91.151(b).  

         Relief  from  Section  91.151(b)  entitled  Fuel  requirements  for  flight  in  VFR  conditions,  
         is  requested  to  the  extent  required  to  allow  flights  of  the  battery  powered  DJI  UAS  
         Aircraft  during  daylight  hours  in  visual  meteorological  conditions  (VMC),  under  
         visual  flight  rules  (VFR),  for  a  total  duration  of  15  minutes  to  the  first  point  of  
         intended  landing  and,  assuming  normal  cruising  speed,  to  fly  after  that  for  at  least  5  
         minutes.  MICHAEL  E.  OLSEN  seeks  the  requested  relief  because  without  an  
         exemption  from  Section  91.151(b),  the  flight  time  duration  of  the  battery  powered  
         DJI  UAS  Aircraft  will  severely  constrain  the  practicality  of  any  aerial  video  or  still  
         photo  flight  operations  that  MICHAEL  E.  OLSEN  proposes  to  conduct  pursuant  to  
         this  Petition.  
           
         Significantly,  as  set  forth  below,  the  technical  specifications  of  the  DJI  UAS  Aircraft  
         operating  documents,  and  MICHAEL  E.  OLSEN  proposed  operating  limitations,  
         ensure  that  MICHAEL  E.  OLSEN  will  safely  operate  the  battery  powered  DJI  UAS  
         Aircraft  during  daylight  hours  in  visual  meteorological  conditions  (VMC),  under  
         visual  flight  rules  (VFR),  with  enough  battery  power  to  fly  for  a  total  duration  of  15  

   12  
         minutes  to  the  first  point  of  intended  landing  and,  assuming  normal  cruising  speed,  
         to  fly  after  that  for  at  least  5  minutes.  
  
    Extent  of  Relief  MICHAEL  E.  OLSEN  Seeks  and  The  Reason  MICHAEL  E.  OLSEN  Seeks  
    Relief  from  Sections  91.405(a),  91.407(a)(1),  91.409(a)(1)  &  (a)(2),  And  91.417(a)  &  
    (b).  
           
         Since  Sections  91.405(a),  91.407(a)(1),  91.409(a)(1)  &  (a)(2),  and  91.417(a)  &  (b)  
         only  apply  to  aircraft  with  an  airworthiness  certificate,  MICHAEL  E.  OLSEN  requests  
         relief  from  these  
           
         Sections  because  the  DJI  UAS  Aircraft  do  not  require  airworthiness  certificates.  As  
         set  forth  more  fully  below,  DJI  UAS  Aircraft  meet  the  conditions  of  FMRA  Section  
         333  for  operation  without  an  airworthiness  certificate.    
           
         Accordingly,  MICHAEL  E.  OLSEN  will  use  trained  technicians  to  perform  
         maintenance,  alterations,  or  preventive  maintenance  on  the  UASs  using  the  
         methods,  techniques,  and  practices  prescribed  in  the  UAS  operating  documents  
         (i.e.,  the  MICHAEL  E.  OLSEN  Aerial  Operations  Manual,  Monthly  Maintenance  Log,  
         and  DJI  UAS  Aircraft  Instruction  Manual).  Furthermore,  MICHAEL  E.  OLSEN  will  
         document  and  maintain  all  maintenance  records  for  the  DJI  UAS  Aircraft.  
  
    The  Reasons  Why  Granting  MICHAEL  E.  OLSEN  Request  Would  Be  in  The  Public  
    Interest;  That  Is,  How  It  Would  Benefit  the  Public  as  A  Whole.  
  
         Granting  the  present  Petition  will  further  the  public  interest  by  allowing  MICHAEL  E.  
         OLSEN  to  safely,  efficiently,  and  economically  perform  aerial  video  and  photography  
         of  construction  sites,  real  estate,  and  landscape  over  certain  areas  of  the  United  
         States.  
           
         Additionally,  use  of  the  DJI  UAS  Aircraft  will  decrease  congestion  of  the  NAS,  reduce  
         pollution,  and  provide  significant  benefits  to  the  economy.  Notably,  the  benefits  of  
         MICHAEL  E.  OLSEN  proposed  operation  of  the  DJI  UAS  Aircraft  will  be  realized  
         without  implicating  any  privacy  issues.  
  
    The  Public  Will  Benefit  from  Decreased  Congestion  of  The  NAS.  
  
         DJI  UAS  Aircraft  are  battery  powered  and  serve  as  a  safe,  efficient,  and  economical  
         alternative  to  the  manned  aircraft  traditionally  utilized  to  obtain  aerial  imagery.  By  
         reducing  the  amount  of  manned  aircraft  needed  to  perform  aerial  acquisitions,  an  
         exemption  allowing  the  use  of  a  DJI  UAS  Aircraft  would  reduce  the  amount  of  
         manned  aircraft  in  the  NAS,  reduce  noise  and  air  pollution,  as  well  as  increase  the  
         safety  of  life  and  property  in  the  air  and  on  the  ground.  
           

   13  
         Furthermore,  by  reducing  the  number  of  manned  aircraft  operating  in  the  NAS,  
         congestion  around  airports  caused  by  arriving  and  departing  aircraft  will  be  
         reduced.  The  DJI  UAS  Aircraft  do  not  require  an  airport  to  takeoff  or  land.  Likewise,  
         a  reduction  of  manned  aircraft  conducting  aerial  video  
         and  photography  missions  would  result  in  fewer  aircraft  that  must  be  handled  by  
         air  traffic  control  during  the  ground,  takeoff,  departure,  arrival,  and  landing  phases  
         of  flight  operations.  
  
    The  Public  Will  Benefit  from  The  Safety  and  Efficiency  of  The  DJI  UAS  Aircraft  
  
         Conducting  aerial  acquisitions  with  the  DJI  UAS  Aircraft,  instead  of  manned  aircraft,  
         will  greatly  benefit  the  public  by  drastically  reducing  the  levels  of  air  and  noise  
         pollution  generated  during  traditional  aerial  video  and  still  photography  flight  
         operations.  By  using  battery  power  and  electric  motors,  the  DJI  UAS  Aircraft  
         produce  no  air  pollution,  and  is  the  most  viable  environmentally  conscious  
         alternative  to  the  cabin  class,  six  cylinder  internal  combustion  engine  aircraft  that  
         are  typically  utilized  for  aerial  video  and  photography,  while  burning  approximately  
         20-30  gallons  per  hour  of  leaded  aviation  fuel.  The  DJI  UAS  aircraft,  while  reducing  
         the  carbon  footprint  of  aerial  acquisitions,  also  eliminates  noise  pollution,  as  the  
         UAs  are  propelled  by  battery  powered  electric  motors,  rather  than  an  internal  
         combustion  engine.  
           
         By  using  the  DJI  UAS  Aircraft  to  perform  aerial  acquisitions,  the  substantial  risk  to  
         life  and  property  in  the  air  and  on  the  ground,  which  is  usually  associated  with  
         traditional  manned  aircraft  flight  operations,  will  be  substantially  reduced  or  
         completely  eliminated.  Aside  from  the  lack  of  flight  crew  members  located  onboard  
         the  aircraft,  the  DJI  UAS  Aircraft(weighing  approximately  2  pounds  11  ounces  and  6  
         pounds  7.5  ounces  respectively,  at  their  maximum  gross  weights  with  lengths  of  16  
         inches  and  17.3  inches  respectively,  widths  of  16  inches  and  17.7  inches  
         respectively,  and  with  no  fuel  on  board),  has  less  physical  potential  for  collateral  
         damage  to  life  and  property  on  the  ground,  and  in  the  air,  compared  to  the  manned  
         aircraft  that  typically  conduct  similar  operations  (weighing  approximately  6,000  
         pounds  with  a  wingspan  of  approximately  42  feet,  a  length  of  34  feet,  and  a  fuel  
         capacity  of  180  gallons).  
  
    Performing  Aerial  Video  and  Photography  Operations  with  The  DJI  UAS  Aircraft  Will  
    Benefit  the  Economy.  
  
         In  addition  to  being  safe  and  efficient,  the  DJI  UAS  Aircraft  are  also  an  economical  
         alternative  to  using  manned  aircraft  to  conduct  similar  aerial  operations.  As  such,  
         operation  of  the  DJI  UAS  Aircraft  will  allow  United  States  based  companies,  like  
         MICHAEL  E  OLSEN,  to  remain  competitive  and  contribute  to  growth  of  the  U.S.  
         economy.  Specifically,  with  the  rising  cost  of  aviation  fuel  and  the  Environmental  
         Protection  Agency  ("EPA")  regulatory  actions  phasing  out  leaded  aviation  fuels,  U.S.  

   14  
                  owned  and  operated  companies  must  adopt  new  and  alternative  technology  in  
                  order  to  remain  competitive.  Operating  the  battery  powered  DJI  UAS  Aircraft  is  one  
                  such  technology  that  not  only  allows  companies  greater  operational  flexibility  
                  compared  to  manned  aircraft,  but  provides  such  flexibility  without  the  high  
                  operational  cost  of  a  traditional  manned  aircraft.  
                    
                  By  operating  the  DJI  UAS  aircraft,  petitioners  such  as  MICHAEL  E.  OLSEN  can  remain  
                  competitive  and  profitable,  and  therefore,  provide  greater  job  stability  to  
                  employees  and  contractors,  which  will  ultimately  contribute  to  growth  of  the  U.S.  
                  economy.  Improved  financial  performance  of  U.S.  companies,  through  commercial  
                  use  of  the  DJI  UAS  Aircraft,  provides  a  stable  workforce  that  increases  consumer  
                  spending;  improves  local,  state,  and  federal  tax  revenues;  and  allows  companies  to  
                  invest  in  research  and  development  in  order  to  remain  competitive  both  in  the  
                  United  States  and  abroad.  
           
             There  Are  No  Privacy  Issues.  
           
                  Similar  to  the  manned  aerial  acquisition  flight  operations  that  have  been  conducted  
                  for  decades,  MICHAEL  E.  OLSEN  proposed  operation  of  the  DJI  UAS  Aircraft  will  not  
                  implicate  any  privacy  issues.  Specifically,  the  DJI  UAS  Aircraft  will  be  operated  only  
                  in  compliance  with  operating  documents  (i.e.,  the  MICHAEL  E.  OLSEN  Aerial  
                  Operations  Manual,  Monthly  Maintenance  Log,  and  DJI  UAS  Aircraft  Instruction  
                  Manual)  which  requires  property  owner  involvement  as  well  as  local  law  
                  enforcement  notification,  and  in  accordance  with  the  Federal  Aviation  Regulations,  
                  including  the  minimum  altitude  requirements  of  14  C.F.R.  §  91.119.  
           
             The  Reasons  Why  Granting  the  Exemption  Would  Not  Adversely  Affect  Safety,  Or  
             How  the  Exemption  Would  Provide  a  Level  of  Safety  at  Least  Equal  to  That  Provided  
             by  The  Rule  from  Which  MICHAEL  E.  OLSEN  Seeks  Exemption.  
           

                  Reasons  Why  The  DJI  UAS  Aircraft  Meet  the  Conditions  of  The  FAA  Modernization  
                  and  Reform  Act  of  2012  (FMRA)  Section  333.  
           
                  In  consideration  of  the  size,  weight,  speed,  and  limited  operating  area  associated  
                  with  the  unmanned  aircraft  and  its  operation,  MICHAEL  E.  OLSEN  operation  of  the  
                  DJI  UAS  Aircraft  meet  the  conditions  of  FMRA  Section  333,  and  will  not  require  an  
                  airworthiness  certificate  in  accordance  with  14  C.F.R.  Part  21,  Subpart  H.  
  
                    
                  Section  333  provides  authority  for  a  UAS  to  operate  without  airworthiness  
                  certification  and  sets  forth  requirements  for  considering  whether  a  UAS  will  create  
                  a  hazard  to  users  of  the  NAS  or  the  public,  or  otherwise  pose  a  threat  to  national  
                  security.  Specifically,  FMRA  Section  333  states  the  following,  in  part:  
                    

            15  
         In  General.  --Notwithstanding  any  other  requirement  of  this  subtitle,  and  not  later  
         than  180  days  after  the  date  of  enactment  of  this  Act,  the  Secretary  of  
         Transportation  shall  determine  if  certain  unmanned  aircraft  systems  may  operate  
         safely  in  the  national  airspace  system  before  completion  of  the  plan  and  rulemaking  
         required  by  section  332  of  this  Act  or  the  guidance  required  by  
         section  334  of  this  Act.  
           
         Assessment  of  Unmanned  Aircraft  Systems.  --In  making  the  determination  under  
         subsection  (ate  Secretary  shall  determine,  at  a  minimum--  
           
         which  types  of  unmanned  aircraft  systems,  if  any,  as  a  result  of  their  size,  weight,  
         speed,  operational  capability,  proximity  to  airports  and  populated  areas,  and  
         operation  within  visual  line  of  sight  do  not  create  a  hazard  to  users  of  the  national  
         airspace  system  or  the  public  or  pose  a  threat  to  national  security;  and  
         whether  a  certificate  of  waiver,  certificate  of  authorization,  or  airworthiness  
         certification  under  section  44704  of  title  49,  United  States  Code,  is  required  for  the  
         operation  of  unmanned  aircraft  systems  identified  under  paragraph  (1).    
         Requirements  for  Safe  Operation.  --  
           
         If  the  Secretary  determines  under  this  section  that  certain  u),  nmanned  aircraft  
         systems  may  operate  safely  in  the  national  airspace  system,  the  Secretary  shall  
         establish  requirements  for  the  safe  operation  of  such  aircraft  systems  in  the  
         national  airspace  system.  
           
         In  seeking  this  exemption,  MICHAEL  E.  OLSEN  submits  that  the  DJI  UAS  Aircraft  can  
         operate  safely  in  the  NAS  pursuant  to  FMRA  Section  333,  as  demonstrated  by:  (a)  
         the  characteristics  of  the  DJI  UAS  aircraft;  (b)  the  pilot  certification  requirement;  
         and  (c)  the  specific  operating  limitations.  

                    
    The  Specifications  of  The  DJI  UAS  Aircraft  Demonstrate  Its  Safe  Characteristics.  
  

         The  DJI  UAS  Aircraft  do  not  create  a  hazard  to  users  of  the  NAS  or  the  public,  or  
         otherwise  pose  a  threat  to  national  security  considering  its  size,  weight,  speed,  and  
         operational  capability.  
           

         Technical  Specifications  of  DJI  UAS  Aircraft.  
  

         The  technical  specifications  of  the  DJI  UAS  Aircraft  are  set  forth  by  the  DJI  UAS  
         aircraft  User  Manuals,  attached  hereto  as  Appendix  A  and  B.  
           
         The  DJI  UAS  Aircraft  Autonomous  Flight  and  Navigation  Modes  Enable  The  UASs  to  
         Remain  Within  a  Defined  Operational  Area.  
           
         The  DJI  UAS  Aircraft  may  be  operated  in  both  manual  and  fully  autonomous  flight  

   16  
         modes.  A  complete  description  of  the  flight  and  navigational  modes  of  the  DJI  UAS  
         Aircraft  provided  in  the  User  Manuals,  attached  hereto  as  Appendix  A  and  B.  
           
         The  DJI  UAS  Aircraft  Are  Designed  for  Automatic  Return  to  Home  Point  or  Hover  in  
         The  Event  of  Loss  of  the  Control  Link  or  Navigation.  
           
         When  the  Control  Link  is  lost,  the  DJI  UAS  Aircraft  will  remain  stationary,  in  flight,  
         for  3  seconds  or  more.  If,  after  3  seconds,  the  DJI  UAS  Aircraft  do  not  reacquire  
         control  link  data  from  the  GCS,  the  UAs  will  assume  that  the  Control  Link  is  lost  and  
         the  UAs  will  return  to  the  home  position  (i.e.,  failsafe  mode)  via  GPS,  and  will  
         descend  to  the  takeoff  position  and  shutdown.  
           
         A  complete  description  of  the  Failsafe  Functions  of  the  DJI  UAS  aircraft  are  
         described  in  the  User  Manuals,  attached  hereto  as  Appendix  A  and  B.  
  

         DJI  UAS  Aircraft  GCS  Operation.  
  

         Phantom  3  GCS  and  flight  control  software  is  provided  in  the  User  Manual  for  the  
         DJI  UAS  aircraft  attached  hereto  as  Appendix  A  and  B.  
  
         Flight  Operations  of  DJI  UAS  Aircraft  are  Limited  to  The  Line  of  Sight  of  a  
         Certificated  Pilot  in  Command  with  A  Safety  Observer.  
  
         MICHAEL  E.  OLSEN  will  be  the  only  person  to  act  as  a  pilot  in  command  (PIC)  of  DJI  
         UAS  Aircraft.      
  
         Flights  of  DJI  UAS  Aircraft  Will  Be  Conducted  Pursuant  to  Specific  Operating  
         Limitations.  
  
         In  seeking  this  exemption,  MICHAEL  E.  OLSEN  proposes  to  commercially  operate  DJI  
         UAS  Aircraft  for  the  special  purpose  of  conducting  aerial  video  and  photography  
         over  certain  areas  of  United  States,  pursuant  to  the  following  specific  operating  
         limitations:  
  

         1.   Operations  authorized  by  this  grant  of  exemption  will  be  limited  to  the  following  
             aircraft  described  in  the  operating  documents,  rotorcraft  UASs  weighing  less  
             than  55  pounds  maximum  gross  weight:  DJI  UAS  AIRCRAFT.  Proposed  
             operations  of  any  other  aircraft  will  require  a  new  petition  or  a  petition  to  
             amend  this  grant.  

         2.   UAS  operations  under  this  exemption  will  be  limited  to  conducting  operations  
             for  the  purpose  of  aerial  video  and  photography.  

         3.   The  UAs  may  not  be  flown  at  an  indicated  airspeed  exceeding  45  knots.  

   17  
         4.   The  UA  must  be  operated  at  an  altitude  of  no  more  than  400  feet  above  ground  
             level  (AGL),  as  indicated  by  the  procedures  specified  in  the  operating  documents  
             unless  a  special  request  is  made  and  approved  by  ATC.  All  altitudes  reported  to  
             ATC  must  be  in  feet  AGL.    

         5.   The  UAs  must  be  operated  within  visual  line  of  sight  (VLOS)  of  the  PIC  at  all  
             times.  This  requires  the  PIC  to  be  able  to  use  human  vision  unaided  by  any  
             device  other  than  corrective  lenses,  as  specified  on  the  PIC's  FAA-issued  airman  
             medical  certificate.    

         6.   The  use  of  first  person  view  (FPV)  by  the  PIC  or  safety  observer  (SO)  is  not  
             permitted.    

         7.   All  operations  must  utilize  a  safety  observer  (SO).  The  SO  may  be  used  to  satisfy  
             the  VLOS  requirement  as  long  as  the  PIC  always  maintains  VLOS  capability.  The  
             SO  and  PIC  must  be  able  to  communicate  verbally  at  all  times.  Electronic  
             messaging  or  texting  is  not  permitted  during  flight  operations.  The  PIC  must  be  
             designated  before  the  flight  and  cannot  transfer  his  or  her  designation  for  the  
             duration  of  the  flight.  The  PIC  must  ensure  that  the  SO  can  perform  the  
             functions  prescribed  in  the  operating  documents.    

         8.   The  SO  must  not  perform  any  other  duties  beyond  assisting  the  PIC  with  seeing  
             and  avoiding  other  air  traffic  and  other  ground  based  obstacles/obstructions  
             and  is  not  permitted  to  operate  the  camera  or  other  instruments.  T  

         9.   he  operating  documents  and  the  grant  of  exemption  must  be  accessible  during  
             UAS  operations  and  made  available  to  the  Administrator  upon  request.  If  a  
             discrepancy  exists  between  the  conditions  and  limitations  contained  in  the  
             grant  of  exemption  and  the  procedures  outlined  in  the  operating  documents,  
             the  conditions  and  limitations  contained  in  the  grant  of  exemption  take  
             precedence  and  must  be  followed.  Otherwise,  the  operator  must  follow  the  
             procedures  as  outlined  in  its  operating  documents.  The  operator  may  update  or  
             revise  its  operating  documents.  It  is  the  operator's  responsibility  to  track  such  
             revisions  and  present  updated  and  revised  documents  to  the  Administrator  
             upon  request.  The  operator  must  also  present  updated  and  revised  documents  
             if  it  petitions  for  extension  or  amendment  to  the  grant  of  exemption.  If  the  
             operator  determines  that  any  update  or  revision  would  affect  the  basis  upon  
             which  the  FAA  granted  the  exemption,  then  the  operator  must  petition  for  
             amendment  to  its  grant  of  exemption.  The  FAA's  UAS  Integration  Office  (AFS-
             80)  may  be  contacted  if  questions  arise  regarding  updates  or  revisions  to  the  
             operating  documents.  

         10.  Prior  to  each  flight  the  PIC  must  inspect  the  UAS  to  ensure  that  it  is  in  a  
             condition  for  safe  flight.  If  the  inspection  reveals  a  condition  that  affects  the  
             safe  operation  of  the  UAS,  the  aircraft  is  prohibited  from  operating  until  the  
             necessary  maintenance  has  been  performed  and  the  UAS  is  found  to  be  in  a  
             condition  for  safe  flight.  The  Ground  Control  Station  must  be  included  in  the  

   18  
             preflight  inspection.  All  maintenance  and  alterations  must  be  properly  
             documented  in  the  aircraft  records.  

         11.  Any  UAS  that  has  undergone  maintenance  or  alterations  that  affect  the  UAS  
             operation  or  flight  characteristics,  e.g.  replacement  of  a  flight  critical  
             component,  must  undergo  a  functional  test  flight.  The  PIC  who  conducts  the  
             functional  test  flight  must  make  an  entry  in  the  aircraft  records.  

         12.  The  pre-flight  inspection  must  account  for  all  potential  discrepancies,  e.g.  
             inoperable  components,  items,  or  equipment,  not  already  covered  in  the  
             relevant  sections  of  the  operating  documents.  

         13.  The  operator  must  follow  the  UAS  manufacturer's  aircraft/component,  
             maintenance,  overhaul,  replacement,  inspection,  and  life  limit  requirements.  

         14.  The  operator  must  carry  out  its  maintenance,  inspections,  and  record  keeping  
             requirements,  in  accordance  with  the  operating  documents.  Maintenance,  
             inspection,  alterations,  and  status  of  replacement/overhaul  component  parts  
             must  be  noted  in  the  aircraft  records,  including  total  time  in  service,  description  
             of  work  accomplished,  and  the  signature  of  the  authorized  person  returning  the  
             UAS  to  service.  

         15.  Each  UASs  operated  under  this  exemption  must  comply  with  all  manufacturer  
             Safety  Bulletins.  

         16.  The  authorized  person  must  make  an  entry  in  the  aircraft  record  of  the  
             corrective  action  taken  against  discrepancies  discovered  between  inspections.  
             The  operator  may  not  permit  any  PIC  to  operate  unless  the  PIC  meets  the  
             operator's  qualification  criteria  and  demonstrates  the  ability  to  safely  operate  
             the  UAS  in  a  manner  consistent  with  how  the  UAS  will  be  operated  under  the  
             exemption,  including  evasive  and  emergency  maneuvers  and  maintaining  
             appropriate  distances  from  persons,  vessels,  vehicles  and  structures.  PIC  
             qualification  flight  hours  must  be  logged  in  a  manner  consistent  with  14  C.F.R.  §  
             61.51(b).  Flights  for  the  purposes  of  training  the  operator's  PICs  are  permitted  
             under  the  terms  of  the  exemption.  However,  training  operations  may  only  be  
             conducted  during  dedicated  training  sessions.  During  training,  proficiency,  and  
             experience-building  flights,  all  persons  not  essential  for  flight  operations  are  
             considered  nonparticipants,  and  the  PIC  must  operate  the  UA  with  appropriate  
             distance  from  nonparticipants  in  accordance  with  14  C.F.R.  §  91.119.    

         17.  UAS  operations  may  not  be  conducted  during  night,  as  defined  in  14  C.F.R.  

         18.  §  1.1.  All  operations  must  be  conducted  under  visual  meteorological  conditions  
             (VMC).  If  flight  at  night  is  required,  a  special  request  will  be  made  at  the  FAA  
             office  closest  to  proposed  area  of  operations.  Flights  under  special  visual  flight  
             rules  (SVFR)  are  not  authorized.  

               

         19.  The  UAV  may  not  operate  within  5  nautical  miles  of  an  airport  reference  point  

   19  
             as  denoted  on  a  current  FAA-published  aeronautical  chart  unless  a  letter  of  
             agreement  with  that  airport's  management  is  obtained,  and  the  operation  is  
             conducted  in  accordance  with  a  NOTAM  as  required  by  the  operator's  COA.  The  
             letter  of  agreement  with  the  airport  management  must  be  made  available  to  
             the  Administrator  upon  request.  

         20.  The  UAV  may  not  be  operated  less  than  500  feet  below  or  less  than  2,000  feet  
             horizontally  from  a  cloud  or  when  visibility  is  less  than  3  statute  miles  from  the  
             PIC.  

         21.  If  the  UAV  loses  communications  or  loses  its  GPS  signal,  it  must  return  to  a  pre-  
             determined  location  within  the  planned  operating  area  and  land  or  be  
             recovered  in  accordance  with  the  operating  documents.  

         22.  The  PIC  must  abort  the  flight  in  the  event  of  unpredicted  obstacles  or  
             emergencies  in  accordance  with  the  operating  documents.  

         23.  The  PIC  is  prohibited  from  beginning  a  flight  unless  (considering  wind  and  
             forecast  weather  conditions)  there  is  enough  power  to  fly  at  normal  cruising  
             speed  to  the  intended  landing  point  and  land  the  UAV  with  25%  battery  power  
             remaining.  

         24.  The  operator  must  obtain  an  Air  Traffic  Organization  (ATO)  issued  Certificate  of  
             Waiver  or  Authorization  (COA)  prior  to  conducting  any  operations  under  the  
             grant  of  exemption.  This  COA  will  also  require  the  operator  to  request  a  Notice  
             to  Airman  (NOTAM)  not  more  than  72  hours  in  advance,  but  not  less  than  48  
             hours  prior  to  the  operation.  All  operations  shall  be  conducted  in  accordance  
             with  airspace  requirements  in  the  ATO  issued  COA  including  class  of  airspace,  
             altitude  level  and  potential  transponder  requirements.  

         25.  All  aircraft  operated  in  accordance  with  the  exemption  must  be  identified  by  
             serial  number,  registered  in  accordance  with  14  C.F.R.  part  47,  and  have  
             identification  (N-  Number)  markings  in  accordance  with  14  C.F.R.  part  45,  
             Subpart  C.  Markings  must  be  as  large  as  practicable.  

         26.  Before  conducting  operations,  the  radio  frequency  spectrum  used  for  operation  
             and  control  of  the  UAV  must  comply  with  the  Federal  Communications  
             Commission  (FCC)  or  other  appropriate  government  oversight  agency  
             requirements.  

         27.  The  documents  required  fewer  than  14  C.F.R.  91.9  and  91.203  must  be  available  
             to  the  PIC  at  the  Ground  Control  Station  of  the  UAS  any  time  the  UAS  is  
             operating.  These  documents  must  be  made  available  to  the  Administrator  or  
             any  law  enforcement  official  upon  request.  

         28.  The  UAV  must  remain  clear  and  yield  the  right  of  way  to  all  manned  aviation  
             operations  and  activities  at  all  times.  

         29.  The  UAV  may  not  be  operated  by  the  PIC  from  any  moving  device  or  vehicle.  

   20  
         30.  Flight  operations  must  be  conducted  at  least  500  feet  from  all  nonparticipating  
             persons  (persons  other  than  the  PIC,  SO,  operator  trainees  or  essential  persons),  
             vessels,  vehicles,  and  structures  unless:  

         31.  Barriers  or  structures  are  present  that  sufficiently  protect  nonparticipating  
             persons  from  the  UAV  and/or  debris  in  the  event  of  an  accident.  The  operator  
             must  ensure  that  nonparticipating  persons  remain  under  such  protection.  If  a  
             situation  arises  where  nonparticipating  persons  leave  such  protection  and  are  
             within  500  feet  of  the  UA,  flight  operations  must  cease  immediately  and/or;  

         32.  The  aircraft  is  operated  near  vessels,  vehicles  or  structures  where  the  
             owner/controller  of  such  vessels,  vehicles  or  structures  has  granted  permission  
             and  the  PIC  has  made  a  safety  assessment  of  the  risk  of  operating  closer  to  
             those  objects  and  determined  that  it  does  not  present  an  undue  hazard,  and;  

         33.  Operations  nearer  to  the  PIC,  SO,  operator  trainees  or  essential  persons  do  not  
             present  an  undue  hazard  to  those  persons  per  §  91.119(a).  

         34.  All  operations  shall  be  conducted  over  private  or  controlled-access  property  
             with  permission  from  the  land  owner/controller  or  authorized  representative.  
             Permission  from  land  owner/controller  or  authorized  representative  will  be  
             obtained  for  each  flight  to  be  conducted.  

         35.  Any  incident,  accident,  or  flight  operation  that  transgresses  the  lateral  or  
             vertical  boundaries  of  the  operational  area  as  defined  by  the  applicable  COA  
             must  be  reported  to  the  FAA's  UAS  Integration  Office  (AFS-80)  within  24  hours.  

         36.  Accidents  must  be  reported  to  the  National  Transportation  Safety  Board  (NTSB)  
             per  instructions  contained  on  the  NTSB  Web  site:  www.ntsb.gov.  

               
    Reasons  Why  an  Exemption  from  The  Requirements  of  Section  61.113(a)  And  (b)  
    Would  Not  Adversely  Affect  Safety.  
  

         MICHAEL  E.  OLSEN  submits  that  the  equivalent  level  of  safety  established  by  
         Section  61.113(a)  and  (b)  will  be  maintained  because  no  PIC  will  be  allowed  to  
         operate  the  DJI  UAS  Aircraft  unless  that  PIC  has  demonstrated,  by  meeting  
         minimum  flight-hour  and  currency  requirements,  that  the  PIC  is  able  to  safely  
         operate  the  DJI  UAS  Aircraft  in  a  manner  consistent  with  the  exemption,  including  
         evasive  and  emergency  maneuvers  and  maintaining  appropriate  distances  from  
         people,  vessels,  vehicles  and  structures.  
           
         Considering  MICHAEL  E.  OLSEN  proposed  area  of  operations,  and  the  operating  
         limitations  set  forth-above;  the  parallel  nature  of  private  pilot  aeronautical  
         knowledge  requirements  to  those  of  commercial  pilot  requirements  (See  
         Exemption  No.  11062);  and  the  airmanship  skills  necessary  to  safely  operate  the  DJI  
         UAS  aircraft,  MICHAEL  E.  OLSEN  submits  that  the  training,  preparation,  practice,  
         and  experience  of  the  Petitioner  is  sufficient  to  meet  the  requirements  of  the  

   21  
         proposed  use.  
           
         The  FAA  has  previously  granted  relief  from  Section  61.113(a)  and  (b)  specific  to  
         UAS,  in  circumstances  similar,  in  all  material  respects,  to  those  presented  herein  
         (e.g.  Exemption  Nos.  11062,  11063,  11064,  11065,  11066,  11067,  11080,  11109,  
         11110,  11112,  11136,  11138,  11150,  11153,  11156,  11158,  11159,  11160,  11161).  
           
         MICHAEL  E.  OLSEN  will  not  allow  any  PIC  to  operate  the  DJI  UAS  Aircraft  unless  the  
         PIC  has  demonstrated,  by  meeting  minimum  flight-hour  requirements  or  the  DJI  
         UAS  Aircraft  training  and  currency  requirements,  that  the  PIC  is  able  to  safely  
         operate  the  DJI  UAS  Aircraft  in  a  manner  consistent  with  this  exemption,  including  
         evasive  and  emergency  maneuvers  and  maintaining  appropriate  distances  from  
         people,  vessels,  vehicles  and  structures.  

         Specifically,  the  PIC  must  have  accumulated  and  logged,  in  a  manner  consistent  
         with  14  C.F.R.  §  61.51(b),  25  hours  of  total  time  as  a  UAS  rotorcraft  pilot  (with  a  
         minimum  of  5  hours  of  those  hours  as  a  UAS  pilot  operating  the  same  make  and  
         model  of  UAS  to  be  used  for  operations  under  the  exemption).  In  addition  to  the  
         hour  requirements,  the  PIC  must  accomplish  3  takeoffs  and  landings  in  the  
         preceding  90  days  (for  currency  purposes).  
           
         As  in  Exemption  Nos.  11062,  11138,  and  11153,  prior  documented  flight  experience  
         that  was  obtained  in  compliance  with  applicable  regulations  will  ensure  an  
         equivalent  level  of  safety  during  MICHAEL  E.  OLSEN  proposed  operations.  The  
         Administrator  has  held  that  prior  documented  flight  experience  that  was  obtained  
         in  compliance  with  applicable  regulations  would  ensure  safe  operations,  stating  as  
         follows:  
           
         In  Exemption  No.  11062,  the  FAA  required  that  prior  to  conducting  operations  for  
         the  purpose  of  motion  picture  filming  (or  similar  operations),  the  PIC  must  have  
         accumulated  and  logged,  in  a  manner  consistent  with  14  CFR  61.51(b),  25  hours  of  
         total  time  as  a  UAS  rotorcraft  pilot  including  at  least  10  hours  logged  as  a  UAS  pilot  
         with  a  multi-rotor  UAS.  Prior  to  operations  under  Exemption  No.  11062,  the  PIC  
         must  also  have  accumulated  and  logged  a  minimum  of  5  hours  as  a  UAS  pilot  
         operating  the  same  make  and  model  of  UAS  to  be  used  for  operations  under  the  
         exemption.  For  clarification,  the  FAA  considers  these  minimum  hour  requirements  
         to  be  inclusive  rather  than  additive;  i.e.  5  hours  make  and  model  time  may  be  
         included  in  the  10  hours  of  multi-rotor  time  and  the  10  hours  may  be  included  in  
         the  total  25  hours  of  UAS  rotorcraft  time.  In  addition  to  the  hour  requirements,  the  
         PIC  must  accomplish  3  takeoffs  and  landings  in  the  preceding  90  days  (for  currency  
         purposes).  The  FAA  finds  that  at  a  minimum,  the  flight-hour  requirements  in  
         Exemption  No.  11062  are  appropriate  to  practice  and  build  proficiency  in  the  skills  
         necessary  to  safely  conduct  the  petitioner's  proposed  operations.  The  FAA  also  
         finds  that  prior  documented  flight  experience  that  was  obtained  in  compliance  with  

   22  
         applicable  regulations  would  satisfy  this  requirement.  Training,  proficiency,  and  
         experience-building  flights  can  also  be  conducted  under  the  grant  of  exemption  to  
         accomplish  the  required  flight  time.  During  training,  proficiency,  and  experience-
         building  flights  the  PIC  is  required  to  operate  the  UAS  with  appropriate  distances  in  
         accordance  with  14  C.F.R  91.119.  
           
         Exemption  No.  11138  at  page  15.  
           
         Accordingly,  MICHAEL  E.  OLSEN  will  ensure  safe  operations  by  not  allowing  any  PIC  
         to  operate  DJI  UAS  Aircraft  unless  that  PIC  has  demonstrated,  by  meeting  minimum  
         flight-hour  and  currency  requirements,  that  the  PIC  is  able  to  safely  operate  the  DJI  
         UAS  Aircraft  in  a  manner  consistent  with  the  exemption,  including  evasive  and  
         emergency  maneuvers  and  maintaining  appropriate  distances  from  people,  vessels,  
         vehicles  and  structures.  
  
    Reasons  Why  an  Exemption  from  The  Requirements  of  Section  91.7(a)  Would  Not  
    Adversely  Affect  Safety.  
  
         The  equivalent  level  of  safety  established  by  Section  91.7(a)  will  be  maintained  
         because  prior  to  every  flight,  MICHAEL  E.  OLSEN  will  ensure  that  DJI  UAS  Aircraft  is  
         in  an  airworthy  condition  based  upon  the  UAS's  compliance  with  its  operating  
         documents  and  as  stated  in  the  conditions  and  limitations  herein.  
           
         Additionally,  the  FAA  has  previously  granted  relief  from  Section  91.7(a)  specific  to  
         UAS,  in  circumstances  similar,  in  all  material  respects,  to  those  presented  herein  
         (e.g.  Exemption  Nos.  11062,  11063,  11064,  11065,  11066,  11067,  11080,  11109,  
         11110,  11112,  11136,  11138,  11150,  11153,  11156,  11157,  11158,  11159,  11160,  
         11161).  
  
    Reasons  Why  an  Exemption  from  The  Requirements  of  Section  91.121  Would  Not  
    Adversely  Affect  Safety.  
  
         The  equivalent  level  of  safety  established  by  Section  91.121  will  be  maintained  
         because  the  altitude  information  of  the  DJI  UAS  Aircraft  will  be  provided  to  the  PIC  
         via  GPS  equipment  and  a  radio  communications  telemetry  data  link,  which  
         downlinks  from  the  UA  to  the  GCS  for  active  monitoring  of  the  flight  path  and  
         altitude.  This  altitude  information,  combined  with  MICHAEL  E.  OLSEN  operation  of  
         the  DJI  UAS  Aircraft  within  visual  line  of  sight,  at  or  below  400  feet  AGL,  will  ensure  
         a  level  of  safety  equivalent  to  Section  91.121.  The  altitude  information  will  be  
         generated  by  GPS  equipment  installed  onboard  the  aircraft.  Prior  to  each  flight,  a  
         zero  altitude  initiation  point  is  automatically  established  by  the  UASs  at  ground  
         level.  
           
         The  FAA  has  previously  granted  relief  from  Section  91.121  specific  to  UAS,  in  

   23  
         circumstances  similar,  in  all  material  respects,  to  those  presented  herein  (e.g.  
         Exemption  Nos.  11062,  11063,  11064,  11065,  11066,  11067,  11080,  11109,  11112,  
         11136,  11138,  11150,  11153,  11156,  11157,  11158,  11159,  11160,  11161).  
  
    Reasons  Why  an  Exemption  from  The  Requirements  of  Section  91.151(b)  Would  Not  
    Adversely  Affect  Safety.  
  
         A  grant  of  this  exemption  would  ensure  an  equivalent  level  of  safety  established  by  
         14  C.F.R.  Section  91.151(b)  as  a  result  of  (1)  the  technical  specifications  of  the  DJI  
         UAS  Aircraft;  (2)  the  limitations  on  the  proposed  flight  operations;  and  (3)  the  
         location  of  the  proposed  flight  operations.  Accordingly,  MICHAEL  E.  OLSEN  will  
         ensure  that  it  will  safely  operate  the  battery  powered  DJI  UAS  Aircraft  during  
         daylight  hours  in  VFR  conditions,  with  enough  battery  power  to  fly  for  a  total  
         duration  of  15  minutes  to  the  first  point  of  intended  landing  and,  assuming  normal  
         cruising  speed,  to  fly  after  that  for  at  least  5  minutes.  
           
         Here,  as  in  Exemption  No.  11109,  the  technical  specifications  of  the  DJI  UAS  Aircraft  
         UASs;  the  limitations  on  the  proposed  flight  operations;  and  the  location  of  the  
         proposed  operations,  will  ensure  an  equivalent  level  of  safety  established  by  14  
         C.F.R.  Section  91.151(b).  Furthermore,  safety  will  be  ensured  as  the  DJI  UAS  Aircraft  
         provide  audible  and  visual  warnings  to  the  PIC  at  the  GCS  when  the  UAs  
         experiences  low  battery  voltage,  the  first  warning  occurring  at  approximately  33%  
         remaining  battery  power,  and  again  at  approximately  10%  remaining  battery  
         power.  At  the  critically  low  battery  level,  the  DJI  Phantom  Vision+  and  DJI  Phantom  
         3  UASs  will  descend  and  land  automatically.  
           
         Significantly,  previous  exemptions  granted  by  the  FAA  concerning  Section  91.151  
         establish  that  safety  is  not  adversely  affected  when  the  technical  characteristics  and  
         operating  limitations  of  the  UAS  are  considered.  Relief  has  been  granted  for  
         manned  aircraft  to  operate  at  less  than  the  minimums  prescribed  in  Section  91.151,  
         including  Exemption  Nos.  2689,  5745,  and  10650.  Moreover,  the  FAA  has  previously  
         granted  relief  from  Section  91.151  specific  to  UAS,  in  circumstances  similar,  in  all  
         material  respects,  to  those  presented  herein  (e.g.  Exemption  Nos.  8811,  10808,  
         10673,  11042,  11062,  11063,  11064,  11065,  11066,  11067,  11080,  11109,  11110,  
         11136,  11138,  11150,  11153,  11156,  11157,  11158,  11159,  11160,  11161).  
  
    Reasons  Why  an  Exemption  from  The  Requirements  of  Sections  91.405(a),  
    91.407(a)(1),  91.409(a)(1)  &  (a)(2),  And  91.417(a)  &  (b)  Would  Not  Adversely  Affect  
    Safety.  
  
  
         In  seeking  this  exemption,  MICHAEL  E.  OLSEN  submits  that  the  equivalent  level  of  
         safety  with  regard  to  the  regulatory  maintenance  and  alteration  requirements  
         established  by  Sections  91.405(a),  91.407(a)(1),  91.409(a)(1)  &  (a)(2),  and  91.417(a)  

   24  
         &  (b)  will  be  met  because  MICHAEL  E.  OLSEN  will  use  trained  technicians  to  perform  
         maintenance,  alterations,  or  preventive  maintenance  on  the  UASs  using  the  
         methods,  techniques,  and  practices  prescribed  in  the  operating  documents  (i.e.,  the  
         MICHAEL  E.  OLSEN  Aerial  Operations  Manual,  Monthly  Maintenance  Log,  and  DJI  
         UAS  Aircraft  Instruction  Manual).  
           
         Furthermore,  MICHAEL  E.  OLSEN  will  document  and  maintain  all  maintenance  
         records  for  the  DJI  UAS  Aircraft  UASs.  
           
         Since  the  DJI  UAS  Aircraft  will  be  inspected  as  prescribed  by  the  operating  
         documents,  MICHAEL  E.  OLSEN  will  maintain  the  equivalent  level  of  safety  
         established  by  Sections  91.405(a),  91.409(a)(1),  and  91.409(a)(2).  A  copy  of  the  DJI  
         UAS  Aircraft  User  Manuals  are  attached  hereto  as  Appendix  A  and  B;  a  copy  of  the  
         DJI  UAS  Aircraft  Maintenance  LOG  is  attached  hereto  as  Appendix  C.  
           
         Likewise,  the  exemption  sought  will  not  adversely  affect  safety  because  MICHAEL  E.  
         OLSEN  
         will  use  trained  technicians  to  perform  maintenance,  alterations  or  preventive  
         maintenance  on  the  UAS  using  the  methods,  techniques,  and  practices  prescribed  
         by  the  operating  documents.  
           
         Furthermore,  the  exemption  sought  would  maintain  an  equivalent  level  of  safety  
         established  by  Sections  91.407,  91.417(a)  and  91.417(b),  because  all  maintenance  
         of  the  DJI  UAS  Aircraft  will  be  performed  by  trained  technicians.  Maintenance  will  
         be  documented  and  maintained  utilizing  the  monthly  maintenance  log.  
           
         Significantly,  previous  exemptions  granted  by  the  FAA  concerning  Sections  
         91.405(a),  91.407(a)(1),  91.409(a)(1)  &  (a)(2),  and  91.417(a)  &  (b)  establish  that  
         safety  is  not  adversely  affected  when  the  technical  characteristics  and  operating  
         limitations  of  the  UAS  are  considered.  
           
         In  consideration  of  MICHAEL  E.  OLSEN  proposed  operating  limitations,  the  
         operating  documents,  and  the  technical  aspects  of  the  DJI  UAS  Aircraft,  MICHAEL  E.  
         OLSEN  submits  that  safety  will  not  be  adversely  affected  by  granting  exemption  
         from  14  C.F.R.  Sections  91.405(a),  91.407(a)(1)  and  (a)(2),  91.409(a)(2),  and  
         91.417(a)  and  (b).  The  FAA  has  previously  granted  relief  specific  to  UAS  in  
         circumstances  similar,  in  all  material  respects,  to  those  presented  herein  (e.g.  
         Exemption  Nos.  11062,  11063,  11064,  11065,  11066,  11067,  11080,  11109,  11110,  
         11112,  11136,  11138,  11150,  11153,  11156,  11157,  11158,  11159,  11160,  11161).  
  
    The  FAA  May  Prescribe  Any  Other  Conditions  for  Safe  Operation.  
  
         In  accordance  with  Section  333  of  the  FAA  Modernization  and  Reform  Act  of  2012  
         (FMRA)  and  14  C.F.R.  §  21.16  entitled  Special  Conditions,  MICHAEL  E.  OLSEN  

   25  
         requests  that  the  FAA  prescribe  special  conditions  for  the  intended  operation  of  the  
         DJI  UAS  Aircraft  UASs,  which  contain  such  safety  standards  t  hat  the  Administrator  
         finds  necessary  to  establish  a  level  of  safety  equivalent  to  that  established  by  14  
         C.F.R.  Part  21,  Subpart  H,  and  14  C.F.R  §§  61.113(a)  &  (b),  91.7  (a),  91.121,  
         91.151(b),  91.405(a),  
         91.407(a)(1),  91.409(a)(1)  &  (a)(2),  and  91.417(a)  &  (b).  Such  special  conditions  will  
         permit  safe  operation  of  the  UAs  for  the  limited  purpose  of  conducting  aerial  video  
         and  photography  over  certain  areas  of  the  United  States  for  compensation  or  hire.  
         FMRA  Section  333  sets  forth  the  requirements  for  considering  whether  a  UAS  will  
         create  a  hazard  to  users  of  the  NAS  or  the  public,  or  otherwise  pose  a  threat  to  
         national  security;  and  further,  provides  the  authority  for  such  UAS  to  operate  
         without  airworthiness  certification  in  accordance  with  any  requirements  that  must  
         be  established  for  the  safe  operation  of  
         the  UAS  in  the  NAS.  
           
         Likewise,  the  Administrator  may  prescribe  special  conditions  pursuant  to  14  C.F.R.  
         §  21.16,  for  operation  of  the  DJI  UAS  Aircraft  UASs,  since  the  airworthiness  
         regulations  of  14  C.F.R.  Part  21  do  not  contain  adequate  or  appropriate  safety  
         standards,  due  to  the  novel  or  unusual  design  features  of  the  aircraft.  Section  
         21.16,  entitled  Special  Conditions,  states  the  following:  
           
         If  the  FAA  finds  that  the  airworthiness  regulations  of  this  subchapter  do  not  contain  
         adequate  or  appropriate  safety  standards  for  an  aircraft,  aircraft  engine,  or  
         propeller  because  of  a  novel  or  unusual  design  feature  of  the  aircraft,  aircraft  
         engine  or  propeller,  he  prescribes  special  conditions  and  amendments  thereto  for  
         the  product.  The  special  conditions  are  issued  in  accordance  with  Part  11  of  this  
         chapter  and  contain  such  safety  standards  for  the  aircraft,  aircraft  engine  or  
         propeller  as  the  FAA  finds  necessary  to  establish  a  level  of  safety  equivalent  to  that  
         established  in  the  regulations.  
         See  14  C.F.R.  §  21.16.  
           
         Therefore,  in  accordance  with  FMRA  Section  333  and  14  C.F.R.  §  21.16,  the  FAA  may  
         prescribe  special  conditions  for  Leading  Edge's  intended  operation  of  the  DJI  UAS  
         Aircraft,  which  contain  such  safety  standards  that  the  Administrator  finds  necessary  
         to  establish  a  level  of  safety  equivalent  to  that  established  by  14  C.F.R.  Part  21,  
         Subpart  H,  and  14  C.F.R  Sections  61.113(a)  &  (b),  91.7(a),  91.121,  91.151(b),  
         91.405(a),  91.407(a)(1),  91.409(a)(1)  &  (a)(2),  and  91.417(a)  &  (b).  
  
    A  Summary  That  Can  Be  Published  in  The  Federal  Register,  stating:  The  Rules  from  
    Which  MICHAEL  E.  OLSEN  Seeks  Exemption:  
  
         MICHAEL  E.  OLSEN  seeks  exemption  from  the  requirements  of  14  C.F.R  Sections  
         61.113(a)&(b),  91.7(a),  91.121,  91.151(b),  91.405(a),  91.407(a)(1),  91.409(a)(1)  &  
         (a)(2),  and  91.417(a)  &  (b).  

   26  
  
    A  Brief  Description  of  the  Nature  of  the  Exemption  MICHAEL  E.  OLSEN  Seeks:  

  
         This  exemption  will  permit  MICHAEL  E.  OLSEN  to  commercially  operate  an  
         Unmanned  Aircraft  System  (UAS)  for  the  purpose  of  conducting  aerial  video  and  
         photography  over  certain  areas  of  the  United  States.  

  
    Any  Additional  Information,  Views,  Or  Arguments  Available  to  Support  MICHAEL  E.  
    OLSEN  Request.  

  
         This  Petition  is  made  pursuant  to  the  FAA  Modernization  and  Reform  Act  of  2012  
           
         (FMRA)  Section  333,  which  directs  the  Secretary  of  Transportation  to  determine  if  
         certain  UAS  may  operate  safely  in  the  NAS.  As  such,  MICHAEL  E.  OLSEN  request  for  
         exemption  may  be  granted  pursuant  to  the  authority  of  FMRA  Section  333  and  14  
         C.F.R.  Part  11,  as  set  forth  above.  
           
         FMRA  Section  333  sets  forth  the  requirements  for  considering  whether  a  UAS  will  
         create  a  hazard  to  users  of  the  NAS  or  the  public,  or  otherwise  pose  a  threat  to  
         national  security;  and  further,  provides  the  authority  for  such  UAS  to  operate  
         without  airworthiness  certification.  

         As  discussed  in  detail  above,  MICHAEL  E.  OLSEN  will  operate  DJI  UAS  aircraft  safely  
         in  the  NAS,  without  creating  a  hazard  to  users  of  the  NAS,  or  the  public,  or  
         otherwise  pose  a  threat  to  national  security.  
  
CONCLUSION
  
         As  set  forth  herein,  MICHAEL  E.  OLSEN  seeks  an  exemption  pursuant  to  14  C.F.R.  §  
         11.61  and  Section  333  of  the  FAA  Modernization  and  Reform  Act  of  2012  (FMRA),  
         which  will  permit  safe  operation  of  the  DJI  UAS  Aircraft  commercially,  without  an  
         airworthiness  certificate,  for  the  limited  purpose  of  conducting  aerial  video  and  
         photography  over  certain  areas  of  the  United  States.  By  granting  this  Petition,  the  
         FAA  Administrator  will  be  fulfilling  the  Congressional  mandate  of  the  FAA  
         Modernization  and  Reform  Act  of  2012,  while  also  advancing  the  interests  of  the  
         public,  by  allowing  MICHAEL  E.  OLSEN  to  safely,  efficiently,  and  economically  
         operate  the  DJI  UAS  Aircraft  commercially  within  the  NAS.  
           
         WHEREFORE,  in  accordance  with  the  Federal  Aviation  Regulations  and  the  FAA  
         Modernization  and  Reform  Act  of  2012,  Section  333,  MICHAEL  E.  OLSEN  respectfully  
         requests  that  the  Administrator  grant  this  Petition  for  an  exemption  from  the  
         requirements  of  14  C.F.R  Sections  61.113(a)  &  (b),  91.7(a),  91.121,  91.151(b),  
         91.405(a),  91.407(a)(1),  91.409(a)(1)  &  (a)(2),  and  91.417(a)  &  (b),  and  permit  
         Leading  Edge  to  operate  the  DJI  UAS  Aircraft  commercially  for  the  purpose  of  

   27  
         conducting  aerial  video  and  photography  over  certain  areas  of  the  United  States.  
  
  

         Dated:  May  10,  2015  
           
         Attachments  to  this  submission:  
           
         DJI  Inspire  1  Manual  
         DJI  Phantom  3  Manual  

                                               
                                                      Very  respectfully,  
                                                        

           
           

                                                      Michael  E  Olsen  
                                                      14  Old  Town  Lane  
                                                      Halest,  NY  11743  
                                                      516-317-6222  
                                                      meolsen@yahoo.com  
      
DJI  Inspire  1  Manual  
  
         http://download.dji-  
         innovations.com/downloads/inspire_1/en/Inspire_1_User_Manual_v1.2_en.pdf  
  
  
DJI  Phantom  3  Manual  
  
         http://download.dji-    
         innovations.com/downloads/phantom_3/en/Phantom_3_Professional_User_Manu
         al_v1.0_e    n.pdf  

   28  
DJI  Inspire  1  specifications    Model
                                   T600
  
                                   Weight (Battery Included)
Aircraft                           2935 g

                                   Hovering Accuracy (Gps Mode)
                                   Vertical: 0.5 m
                                   Horizontal: 2.5 m

                                   Max Angular Velocity
                                   Pitch: 300°/s
                                   Yaw: 150°/s

                                   Max Tilt Angle
                                   35°

                                   Max Ascent Speed
                                   5 m/s

                                   Max Descent Speed
                                   4 m/s

                                   Max Speed
                                   22 m/s (ATTI mode, no wind)

                                   Max Flight Altitude
                                   4500 m

                                   Max Wind Speed Resistance
                                   10 m/s

                                   Max Flight Time
                                   Approximately 18 minutes

                                   Motor Model
                                   DJI 3510

                                   Propeller Model
                                   DJI 1345

                                   Indoor Hovering
                                   Enabled by default

                                   Operating Temperature Range
                                   -10° to 40° C

                                   Diagonal Distance
                                   559 to 581 mm

                                   Dimensions
                                   438x451x301 mm
Gimbal  Model
Camera  ZENMUSE X3

        Output Power (With Camera)
        Static: 9 W
        In Motion: 11 W

        Operating Current
        Station: 750 mA
        Motion: 900 mA

        Angular Vibration Range
        ±0.03°

        Mounting
        Detachable

        Controllable Range
        Pitch: -90° to +30°
        Pan: ±320°

        Mechanical Range
        Pitch: -125° to +45°
        Pan: ±330°

        Max Controllable Speed
        Pitch: 120°/s
        Pan: 180°/s

        Name
        X3

        Model
        FC350

        Total Pixels
        12.76M

        Effective Pixels
        12.4M

        Image Max Size
        4000x3000

        Iso Range
        100-3200 (video)
        100-1600 (photo)

        Electronic Shutter Speed
        8s  1/8000s

        Fov (Field Of View)
        94°

        Cmos
Remote Controller  Sony EXMOR 1/2.3"

                   Lens
                   20mm (35mm format equivalent)f/2.8 focus at 
                   9 Elements in 9 groups
                   Anti-distortion

                   Still Photography Modes
                   Single shoot
                   Burst shooting: 3/5/7 frames
                   Auto Exposure Bracketing (AEB): 3/5 bracketed frames a
                   Time-lapse

                   Video Recording Modes
                   UHD (4K): 4096x2160p24/25, 3840x2160p24/25/30
                   FHD: 1920x1080p24/25/30/48/50/60
                   HD: 1280x720p24/25/30/48/50/60

                   Max Bitrate Of Video Storage
                   60 Mbps

                   Supported File Formats
                   FAT32/exFAT
                   Photo: JPEG, DNG
                   Video: MP4/MOV (MPEG-4 AVC/H.264)

                   Supported Sd Card Types
                   Micro SD
                   Max capacity: 64 GB. Class 10 or UHS-1 rating required.

                   Operating Temperature Range
                   0° to 40° C

                   Name
                   C1

                   Operating Frequency
                   922.7~927.7 MHz (Japan Only)
                   5.725~5.825 GHz
                   2.400~2.483 GHz

                   Transmitting Distance (Outdoor And Unobstru
                   2 km

                   Eirp
                   10dBm@900m, 13dBm@5.8G, 20dBm@2.4G

                   Video Output Port
                   USB, mini-HDMI

                   Power Supply
                   Built-in battery

                   Charging
Charger             DJI charger
Battery (Standard)
                    Dual User Capability
                    Host-and-Slave connection

                    Mobile Device Holder
                    Tablet or Phone

                    Max Mobile Device Width
                    170mm

                    Output Power
                    9W

                    Operating Temperature Range
                    -10° to 40° C

                    Storage Temperature Range
                    Less than 3 months: -20° to 45° C
                    More than 3 months: 22° to 28° C

                    Charging Temperature Range
                    0-40° C

                    Battery
                    6000 mAh LiPo 2S

                    Model
                    A14-100P1A

                    Voltage
                    26.3 V

                    Rated Power
                    100 W

                    Name
                    Intelligent Flight Battery

                    Model
                    TB47

                    Capacity
                    4500 mAh

                    Voltage
                    22.2 V

                    Battery Type
                    LiPo 6S High voltage battery

                    Energy
                    99.9 Wh

                    Net Weight
                    570 g

                    Operating Temperature Range
Battery (Optional)  -10° to 40° C
Vision Positioning
                    Storage Temperature Range
                    Less than 3 months: -20° to 45° C
                    More than 3 months: 22° C to 28° C

                    Charging Temperature Range
                    0° to 40° C

                    Max Charging Power
                    180 W

                    Name
                    Intelligent Flight Battery

                    Model
                    TB48

                    Capacity
                    5700 mAh

                    Voltage
                    22.8 V

                    Battery Type
                    LiPo 6S

                    Energy
                    129.96 Wh

                    Net Weight
                    670 g

                    Operating Temperature Range
                    -10° to 40° C

                    Storage Temperature Range
                    Less than 3 months: -20 to 45° C
                    More than 3 months: 22° to 28° C

                    Charging Temperature Range
                    0° to 40° C

                    Max Charging Power
                    180 W

                    Velocity Range
                    Below 8 m/s (2 m above ground)

                    Altitude Range
                    5-500 cm

                    Operating Environment
                    Brightly lit (lux > 15) patterned surfaces

                    Operating Range
                    0-250 cm
DJI Pilot App  Mobile Device System Requirements
               iOS 8.0 or later
               Android 4.1.2 or later

               Supported Mobile Devices
               * Compatible with iPhone 5s, iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus, iPa
               mini 3, and iPad mini 3 Wi-Fi + Cellular. This app is optim
               * Samsung S5, Note 3, Sony Xperia Z3, Google Nexus 7 I
               *Support for additional Android devices available as testin
Phantom 3 Professional

Phantom 3 Professional

Battery         6000 mAh LiPo 2S
                1280g (with battery & propellers)
Phantom 3
Professional    Vertical: +/- 0.1 m (when Vision
Weight          Positioning is active) or +/- 0.5 m
                Horizontal:1.5m
Hover           Ascent: 5m/s
Accuracy        Descent: 3m/s
(Ready to Fly)  16m/s((ATTI mode, no wind)

Max Ascent /    590mm
Descent Speed
                Pitch -90°to +30°
Max Flight
Speed

Diagonal
Length

Controllable
Range of
Gimbal

The Phantom 3 Professional's flight controller features several important upgrades,
including a new flight mode. Safety modes include Failsafe and Return-to-Home. These
features ensure the safe return of your aircraft if the control signal is lost. The flight
controller can also save critical flight data from each flight to the on-board storage
device. The new flight controller also provides increased stability and a new air braking
feature.

GENERAL FEATURES

   Epic Aerial Video                                 1  
   Live HD View
   Complete Control
   Powerful Mobile App

  
   Vision Positioning
   Easy to Fly
   Worry-free Autopilot
   Intelligent Battery
   Supports Adobe DNG RAW
   Unmatched Propulsion
   SDK Development

VISION POSITIONING

   Max Velocity: Less than 8 m/s (when 2 m above ground)
   Altitude Range: 30 cm-300 cm
   Operating Range: 30 cm-300 cm</td></tr>
   Transmitter Power:CE: 25mw; FCC: 100mw
   Operating Environment: Surface with clear pattern and adequate lighting (Lux > 15)

CAMERA

   Sensor: Sony EXMOR 1/2.3" Effective pixels: 12.4 M (total pixels: 12.76 M)
   Lens: FOV 94° 20 mm (35 mm format equivalent) f/2.8, focus at 
   ISO Range100-3200 (video) 100-1600 (photo)
   Max Bitrate Of Video Storage: 60 Mbps
   Operating Temperature: 0°C to 40°C

REMOTE CONTROLLER

   Operating Frequency: 2.400 GHz-2.483 GHz
   Max Distance: 2000m (outdoors and unobstructed)
   Receiver Sensitivity (1%PER): -101 dBm ±2 dBm
   Transmitter Power (EIRP): FCC: 20 dBm CE: 16 dBm
   Working Voltage: 1.2 A @7.4 V

DJI VISION APP

   EIRP: 100mW
   Live View Working Frequency: 2.4GHz ISM
   Live View Quality720P @ 30fps (depending on conditions and mobile device)
   Required Operating SystemsiOS 8.0 or later, Android 4.1.2 or later
   Recommended Devices: iOS: iPhone 5s, iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus, iPad Air, iPad Air

         Wi-Fi + Cellular, iPad mini 2, iPad mini 2 Wi-Fi + Cellular, iPad Air 2, iPad Air 2
         Wi-Fi + Cellular, iPad mini 3, and iPad mini 3 Wi-Fi + Cellular. This app is
         optimized for iPhone 5s, iPhone 6, and iPhone 6 Plus Android: Samsung S5,
         Note 3, Sony Xperia Z3, Google Nexus 7 II, Google Nexus 9, Mi 3, Nubia Z7 mini

   2  
         Pack List               Pre-Flight                  Hover Check

- Phantom 3 Pro          - Connect USB to iPad        - Check Camera View and
- Battery #1 (Charged)   - Download Area Maps             Level
- Controller (Charged)   - Connect Lanyard
- iPad Mini 2 (Charged)  - Remove Lens Cover          - Check for Vibrations
- Props (2 sets)         - Remove Gimbal Bracket      - Check Distance to Home
- Micro SD Cards         - Insert Micro SD Card
- USB Cable              - Install Battery in P3P         Point
- Reading Glasses        - Install Props
- Sun Shade for iPad     - Turn On Radio                      Post Flight
- Lanyard                - Turn On iPad and Launch
- DJI Charger                                         - Turn Off P3P (First)
- Phone for HotSpot         DJI Pilot app Max Volume  - Turn Off Radio
                         - Turn Off WIFI              - Turn Off iPad
                         - Place P3P at Take-Off      - Remove Props
                                                      - Install Gimbal Lock
                            Location (Home Point)     - Install Lens Cover
                         - Turn On P3P
                         - Adjust Camera Settings
                         - Format Micro SD Card
                         - Check Values:
                         - Compass Status
                         - IMU Values
                         - Gain Values and EXP
                         - Max Height
                         - RTH Height
                         - R/C EXP & Gain
                         - VPS On (Indoor Flight)
                         - Satellite Count
