May 12, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 11554
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­0377

Mr. Steven Fargo
Managing Director
Midstream Integrity Services, LLC
18615 Tuscany Stone
Suite 380
San Antonio, TX 78258

Dear Mr. Fargo:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter posted to the public docket on February 17, 2015, you petitioned the Federal
Aviation Administration (FAA) on behalf of Midstream Integrity Services, LLC (hereinafter
petitioner or operator) for an exemption. The petitioner requested to operate an unmanned
aircraft system (UAS) to conduct inspections of vertically developed structures, pipelines,
right of ways, and provide cost effective aerial imagery services while also inspecting for
hydrocarbon gas leaks.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner. However, the FAA
received one comment from the Association for Unmanned Vehicle Systems International
(AUVSI) in support of the petition made to the docket.
                                                                                                2

Airworthiness Certification
The UAS proposed by the petitioner are a DJI Phantom 2, S1000, S900, and MU-1H

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in

consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the

aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft

meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness

Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is

not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                                                 3

delegated to me by the Administrator, Midstream Integrity Services, LLC is granted an
exemption from 14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a),
91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and
91.417(a) and (b), to the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform
aerial data collection. This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed
below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Midstream Integrity Services, LLC is hereafter referred to as
the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom 2,
         S1000, S900, and MU-1H when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload.
         Proposed operations of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to
         amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
         must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
                                                                                            4

duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.
                                                                                                            5

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
                                                                                                            6

    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

    The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
    nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.
                                                                                                                 7

    28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
         boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
         to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
         reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
         contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

 If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
 television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                   8

This exemption terminates on May 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.
Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
U.S. Department of Transportation
Docket Management System
1200 New Jersey Avenue SE
Washington, D.C. 20590

Re: Exemption Request; Section 333 of the FAA Modernization & Reform Act
and Part 11 of the Federal Aviation Regulations from 14 C.F.R.
45.23(b);14 CFR Part 21; 91.7 (a); 91.9 (b) (2);
91.103(b); 91.109; 91.119; 91.121; 91.151 (a); 91.203(a) & (b); 91.405
(a); 91.407(a) (1 ); 91.409 (a) (2); 91.417 (a) & (b).

Dear Sir or Madam:

Midstream Integrity Services, LLC (henceforth referred to as "MIS") hereby petitions the Secretary
of Transportation and Federal Aviation Administration ("FAA") for exemption to the above
referenced and below more fully described Federal Aviation Regulations. This exemption is being
sought for the purpose of utilizing Unmanned Aerial Systems (UAS) to conduct inspections of
vertically developed structures, pipelines, right of ways, and provide cost effective aerial imagery
services while also inspecting for hydrocarbon gas leaks. The leadership team at MIS (Steven Fargo,
and Landon Phillips) has a proven track record in aviation with over 4,000 hours combined flight
time in fighter and trainer aircraft, instructor pilot certifications, evaluator pilot certifications,
instrument pilot certifications, commercial pilot certifications, and U.S. Air Force flight safety officer
/ mishap investigation training.

Public Interest

MIS believes that relief from the aforementioned regulations will benefit the public interest in the
following manners:

     Removal of human risk from flight operations.
     Removal of human risk from gas detection inspections.
     Removal of human risk from structural inspections.
     Reduction in gas emissions associated with powered flight.
     Reduction in risks associated with factory shutdowns and startups.
     Improvement in ability to provide data to oil and gas operators regarding pipeline

         encroachment.
     Improvement upon cost efficiencies associated with manned flight.

Aircraft and Equipment

MIS will use the following three unmanned aircraft (UA) for inspection and photography work:
     DJI S1000 (octo-rotor)
              o Capable of sustained flight in the event of single motor failure. In the event of motor
                  failure PIC will execute emergency recovery procedures to the nearest suitable
                  landing surface.
              o http://www.dji.com/product/spreading-wings-s1000/download
     DJI S900 (hexa-rotor)
              o Capable of sustained flight in the event of single motor failure. In the event of motor
                  failure PIC will execute emergency recovery procedures to the nearest suitable
                  landing surface.

              o http://www.dji.com/product/spreading-wings-s900/download
     DJI Phantom 2 (quad-rotor)

              o PIC will operate aircraft in a manner that will not pose a threat to persons or property
                  in the event of a motor failure.

              o http://www.dji.com/product/phantom-2-vision-plus/download
     MU-1H (hexa-rotor)

              o Capable of sustained flight in the event of single motor failure. In the event of motor
                  failure PIC will execute emergency recovery procedures to the nearest suitable
                  landing surface.

              o <Operations Manual is Attached>

Aircraft gross weight will not exceed respective operation manual guidance.

MIS will use the following ground support equipment
     DJI laptop Ground Control Station (DJI aircraft)
              o http://www.dji.com/product/pc-ground-station/download
     DJI iPad Ground Control Station (DJI aircraft)
              o http://www.dji.com/product/ipad-ground-station/download
     DJI Lightbridge video downlink (DJI aircraft)
              o http://www.dji.com/product/dji-lightbridge/download
     Micropilot A-2028 autopilot and ground station (MU-1H aircraft)
              o http://www.micropilot.com/products-manuals.htm
     Ardupilot/APM Mission Planner Ground Control Station (MU-1H aircraft)
              o http://planner.ardupilot.com/
     Pixhawk autopilot (MU-1H aircraft)
              o http://3drobotics.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/03/pixhawk-manual-rev7.pdf

Operating characteristics and maintenance procedures are outlined in the attached operations
manuals. The radio frequency spectrum used for operation and control of the UA will comply with
the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) or other appropriate government oversight agency
requirements.

All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption will be identified by serial number, registered
in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification (N-Number) markings in accordance with
14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings will be as large as practicable.

If the UA loses communications or loses its GPS signal, it will return to a pre-determined location
within the planned operating area and land or be recovered in accordance with the operating
documents.

Altitude awareness will be maintained via a radio communications telemetry data link, which
downlinks from the aircraft to the PIC for active monitoring of the flight path. The altitude
information will be generated by GPS equipment installed on the aircraft. Prior to each flight, a zero
altitude initiation point will be established and confirmed for accuracy by the UAS PIC. Thus, MIS
requests relief from 14 CFR 91.121 Altimeter Settings as previously granted in Exemption No.11109,
Clayco Inc.

Pilot In Command

The PIC will possess at least a private pilot certificate and at least a current third-class medical
certificate. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in 14 CFR § 61.56 in an
aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

Visual Observer

All operations will utilize a visual observer (VO). The VO may be used to satisfy the VLOS
requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS capability. The VO and PIC will be able to
communicate verbally at all times. Electronic messaging or texting will not be permitted during flight
operations. The PIC will be designated before the flight. The PIC will not transfer his or her
designation for the duration of the flight. The PIC will ensure that the VO can perform the functions
prescribed in the operating documents. The VO will not perform any other duties beyond assisting
the PIC with seeing and avoiding other air traffic and other ground based obstacles/obstructions and
is not permitted to operate the camera or other instruments.

Training

MIS will not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC meets the operator's qualification criteria in
the attached training syllabus (attached) and demonstrates the ability to safely operate the UAS in a
manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated under this exemption, including evasive and
emergency maneuvers and maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and
structures. PIC qualification flight hours will be logged in a manner consistent with 14 CFR §
61.51(b). The VO will also be required to complete the operator's training requirements. A record of
training will be documented and made available upon request by the Administrator. Flights for the
purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs (training, proficiency, and experience-building),
will be permitted during dedicated training sessions. During training, proficiency, and experience-
building flights, all persons not essential for flight operations will be considered nonparticipants, and
the PIC will operate the UA with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14
CFR § 91.119.

Maintenance

MIS will carry out its maintenance, inspections, and record keeping requirements, in accordance with
the operating documents. Maintenance, inspection, alterations, and status of replacement/overhaul
component parts will be noted in the aircraft records, including total time in service, description of
work accomplished, and the signature of the authorized person returning the UAS to service.

Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation or flight
characteristics, e.g. replacement of a flight critical component, will undergo a functional test flight.
The PIC who conducts the functional test flight must make an entry in the aircraft records.

Prior to each flight the PIC will inspect the UAS to ensure it is in a condition for safe flight (relief
from 14 CFR 91.7(a) Civil aircraft airworthiness, reference Exemption No. 11109 granted to Clayco,
Inc.) The pre-flight inspection will account for all potential discrepancies, e.g. inoperable
components, items, or equipment, not already covered in the relevant sections of the operating
documents. If the inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the
aircraft will be prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and
the UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight. The Ground Control Station will be included in
the preflight inspection. All maintenance and alterations will be properly documented in the aircraft
records.

Each UAS operated under this exemption will comply with all manufacturer Safety Bulletins. The
authorized person will make an entry in the aircraft record of the corrective action taken against
discrepancies discovered between inspections.

Safety

MIS is committed to ground and flight safety. A flight safety program will be implemented to ensure
appropriate dissemination of information and adherence to FARs and this exemption. MIS has
staffed a former U.S. Air Force trained Flight Safety Officer (FSO) / mishap investigator to
impliment a safety program consistent with the needs of small UAS flight.

Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical boundaries of the
operational area as defined by the applicable COA will be reported to the FAA's UAS Integration
Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be reported to the National Transportation Safety
Board (NTSB) per instructions contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

Availability of Documentation

The operating documents associated with this exemption will be accessible during UAS operations
and made available to the Administrator upon request.

Flight Operations

MIS will obtain an Air Traffic Organization (ATO) issued Certificate of Waiver or Authorization
(COA) prior to conducting any operations under this grant of exemption. MIS will also request a
Notice to Airman (NOTAM) not more than 72 hours in advance, but not less than 48 hours prior to
the operation. All operations shall be conducted in accordance with airspace requirements in the
ATO issued COA including class of airspace, altitude level and potential transponder requirements.

Mission planning will be accomplished prior to flight. A preflight briefing will be conducted by the
PIC and VO, as well as with any other observers (company representatives, licensed inspectors, etc.)
prior to commencement of operations.

The UA will be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times. This requires the
PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than corrective lenses, as specified
on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate.

The UA will be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level (AGL), as
indicated by the procedures specified in the operating documents. All altitudes reported to ATC will
be in feet AGL.
The UA will not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet horizontally from a
cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

UAS operations will not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All operations will
be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights under special visual flight rules
(SVFR) are not authorized.

The UA will not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point as denoted on a current
FAA-published aeronautical chart unless a letter of agreement with that airport's management is
obtained, and the operation is conducted in accordance with a NOTAM as required by the operator's
COA. The letter of agreement with the airport management will be made available to the
Administrator upon request.

The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast weather
conditions) there is enough power to fly at normal cruising speed to the intended landing point and
land the UA with 30% battery power remaining.

The documents required under 14 CFR 91.9 and 91.203 will be available to the PIC at the Ground
Control Station of the UAS any time the UAS is operating. These documents will be made available
to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

The UA will remain clear and yield the right of way to all manned aviation operations and activities
at all times.

The UA may not be operated over congested or densely populated areas.

Flight operations will be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating persons (persons other
than the PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons), vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:

               Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
                   from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator will ensure that
                   nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises where
                   nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of the UA,
                   flight operations must cease immediately and/or;

               The aircraft is operated near vessels, vehicles or structures where the
                   owner/controller of such vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission and
                   the PIC has made a safety assessment of the risk of operating closer to those objects
                   and determined that it does not present an undue hazard, and;

               Operations nearer to the PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons do not
                   present an undue hazard to those persons per § 91.119(a).

All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with permission from the
land owner/controller or authorized representative. Permission from land owner/controller or
authorized representative will be obtained for each flight to be conducted.

The UA will not be flown at an indicated airspeed exceeding 30 knots.

The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies in accordance
with the operating documents.
Conclusion
MIS requests a review of the aforementioned relief request at the earliest date practicable. We
believe we have addressed all the requests and requirements set forth by Section 333 relief guidance
and that our request is in line with previously approved relief requests. It is our recommendation that
the Secretary of Transportation and FAA approve the exemption for Midstream Integrity Services,
LLC due to the favorability of the public interest and the ability of the exemption to provide a level
of safety at least equal to that provided by the rules from which exception is being sought.

Steven Fargo
Managing Director
Midstream Integrity Services

Attachments:

    (1) MU-1H Operations Manual
    (2) MIS Unmanned Aircraft Division ­ ROAV PIC / VO syllabus
** Other supporting documentation found in the internet links above
