August 25, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12601
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­1039

Mr. Matthew Aljanich
Modern Technology Solutions, Inc.
5285 Shawnee Road, Suite 400
Alexandria, VA 22312

Dear Mr. Aljanich:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated April 7, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of Modern Technology Solutions, Inc. (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an
exemption. The petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to
conduct high precision aerial photogrammetry across agriculture, ranching, landscape,
mining and infrastructure.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is an C-Astral Aerospace BRAMOR rTK.

In accordance with the statutory criteria provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in
reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited
operating area associated with the aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation
                                                                                                                 2

has determined that this aircraft meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA
finds that relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts,
Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing
requirements of part 36, is not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Modern Technology Solutions, Inc. is granted an
exemption from 14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a),
91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and
91.417(a) and (b), to the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform
aerial data collection. This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed
below.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                             3

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Modern Technology Solutions, Inc. is hereafter referred to as
the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the C-Astral
    Aerospace BRAMOR rTK when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload.
    Proposed operations of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to
    amend this exemption.

2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
    not permitted.

3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
    exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
    compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
    airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
    aircraft manufacturer.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.

    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
    electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
    must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
    required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
                                                                                                            4

    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.
                                                                                                            5

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.
                                                                                                            6

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

    The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
    nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
    reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
    contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.
                                                                                                                 7

 If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
 television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                      8

This exemption terminates on August 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.
Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
                            UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
                       DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION
                      FEDERAL AVIATION ADMINISTRATION

                                     WASHINGTON, DC

                  MODERN TECHNOLOGY SOLUTIONS, INC.
                           PETITON FOR AN EXEMPTION

             SEEKING RELIEF FROM THE REQUIREMENTS OF
           TITLE 14 OF THE CODE OF FEDERAL REGULATIONS
SECTIONS 61.113(a) & (b), 91.7(a), 91.119, 91.151(a), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1),
     91.409(a)(2), AND 91.417(a) & (b) CONCERNING COMMERCIAL
OPERATION OF C-ASTRAL AEROSPACE BRAMOR rTK UNMANNED

                                  AIRCRAFT SYSTEMS
                           PURSUANT TO SECTION 333 OF
         THE FAA MODERNIZATION AND REFORM ACT OF 2012

                                  (PUBLIC LAW 112-95)

                                                    Submitted on April 07, 2015
                                                    Modern Technology Solutions, Inc.
                                                    Matthew B. Aljanich
                                                    5285 Shawnee Road, Suite 400
                                                    Alexandria, VA 22312
                                                    703-564-3829
2
INTRODUCTION ..............................................................................................................................................5
   I. MTSI Has The Required Small UAS Business Experience And Technical Expertise To Be Granted
           A Section 333 Exemption. ...................................................................................................................5
   II. Grating A Waiver To MTSI Is In The Public Interest. ........................................................................5
   IV. MTSI Will Operate The BRAMOR rTK Under The Following Operating Parameters. .....................7
   V. Organizational Safety Culture And Design Features Of The BRAMOR rTK.....................................7

BASIS FOR PETITION .....................................................................................................................................8
   I. Name And Address Of The Petitioner. ................................................................................................9
   II. The Specific Sections Of 14 C.F.R. From Which MTSI Seeks Exemption.........................................9
   III. The Extent Of Relief MTSI Seeks And The Reason MTSI Seeks The Relief...................................12
   IV. The Reasons Why Granting MTSI Request Would Benefit The Public As A Whole. ......................16
   V. The Reasons Why Granting The Exemption Would Not Adversely Affect Safety, Or How The
           Exemption Would Provide A Level Of Safety At Least Equal To That Provided By The Rule From
           Which MTSI Seeks An Exemption....................................................................................................18
   VI. A Summary That Can Be Published In The Federal Register, stating: The Rules From Which MTSI
           Seeks Exemption:...............................................................................................................................27
   VII. Any Additional Information, Views, Or Arguments Available To Support MTSI's Request. ..........27

CONCLUSION ................................................................................................................................................. 28
ARTIFACTS .....................................................................................................................................................30
Annex A - BRAMOR rTK Technical Data (Proprietary)..................................................................................31

   Figure 1 ­ BRAMOR rTK ............................................................................................................................31
   Table 1 ­ Airframe Details............................................................................................................................31
   Table 2 ­ Flight Envelope .............................................................................................................................31
   Table 3 ­ Aircraft Limits...............................................................................................................................31
   Figure 2 ­ User Failsafe Configuration.........................................................................................................32
Annex B ­ Supporting Artifacts (Proprietary)..................................................................................................33
   1. BRAMOR rTK Specification Sheet...................................................................................................33
   2. Kestrel Flight Systems Specification Sheet .......................................................................................34
   3. BRAMOR rTK User Manual - Proprietary........................................................................................35
   4. BRAMOR rTK Maintenance Manual - Proprietary...........................................................................36

                                                                                                                                   3
4
                                             PETITION SUMMARY
         MTSI seeks an exemption from the requirements of 14 C.F.R §§ 61.113(a) & (b), 91.7(a),
91.119, 91.151(b), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a) (2), and 91.417(a) & (b), to operate a
small Unmanned Aircraft System (sUAS) pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and
Reform Act of 2012 (FMRA). This exemption will permit MTSI to operate a sUAS for the
commercial purpose of conducting high precision aerial photogrammetry across agriculture,
ranching, landscape, mining and infrastructure, within the National Airspace System (NAS), over
certain areas of the United States.

                                                  INTRODUCTION

       I. MTSI Has The Required Small UAS Business Experience And Technical Expertise
             To Be Granted A Section 333 Exemption.

         MTSI is a sUAS operator and high precision aerial photogrammetry provider that currently
supports Department of Defense (DoD) and Department of Homeland Security (DHS) programs
under restricted airspace operations and rules. MTSI has several in-house airworthiness and safety
engineers who between them have over 50 years of experience in the manned and unmanned
military and civil aviation certification business, and who are experts in UAS design standards and
policy. These activities assist both good decision-making and influence safety culture within the
company in the pursuit of safe sUAS operations and the mitigation and control of any associated
risks.

         Additionally, MTSI is a member of three of the six Federal Aviation Administration (FAA)
UAS Test Sites and has several trained UAS pilots/operators who participate in test missions using
sUAS. MTSI also supports the DHS Robotic Aircraft for Public Safety (RAPS) program as a Test
and Evaluation (T&E) services provider, and in doing so has an industry wide understanding of
current and emerging technologies in the UAS market place.

         In bringing together our breadth of experience as a small UAS operator, precision
photogrammetric analysis, certification experience, and business safety culture, our claim is that we
are suitably experienced and qualified to safely operate the C-Astral Aerospace BRAMOR rTK
(BRAMOR rTK) for commercial high precision photogrammetric operations.

     II. Grating A Waiver To MTSI Is In The Public Interest.

                                                                                                                                   5
         From a Public Interest perspective, the FAA should grant a waiver to MTSI because MTSI
use of the BRAMOR rTK will be in lieu of comparatively hazardous manned operations that are
conducted with either fixed wing and/or rotary aircraft. Accordingly, the FAA can have confidence
that there is at least an equivalent level or greater level of safety in the provision of precision
photogrammetric services. Approval of this exemption would thereby enhance safety and fulfill the
Secretary of Transportation's (the FAA Administrator's) responsibilities under Section 333(c) of the
Reform Act to "establish requirements for the safe operation of such aircraft systems in the national
airspace system."

         Further, as use of the BRAMOR rTK provides very high quality imagery at a fraction of the
cost of using conventional manned aircraft for the same mission type, these savings result in
enhanced efficiency and productivity for the affected activities, as well as environmental and safety
benefits for the public at large.

    III. MTSI Will Operate The BRAMOR rTK Small Unmanned Aircraft System
             Manufactured By C-Astral Aerospace.

         The requested exemption would permit MTSI commercial operation of the BRAMOR rTK
to perform precision aerial photogrammetry. The BRAMOR rTK takes a series of high quality, still
digital images that are used to produce precision digital maps. Applications for these UAS devices
and associated data processing functions include agriculture, mining volumetrics, habitat research,
utilities/infrastructure inspection and geo-registered photogrammetry.

         The BRAMOR rTK is comprised of an air and ground segment, consisting of a state of the
art Global Positioning System (GPS) on board receiver, a portable Ground Control Station (GCS),
the BRAMOR rTK Unmanned Aircraft (UA) blended wing body modular airframe with multiple
sensor options, and catapult launcher to support takeoff operation. The BRAMOR rTK UAS
combines high precision autonomous operations with data acquisition, turbulent air penetration and
stability with long endurance. The BRAMOR rTK has a maximum gross weight of approximately 9
pounds 11 ounces, while having a platform length of 37.8 inches, a wingspan of 90.5 inches, a
center module length of 26.4 inches, and a maximum speed of approximately 48 knots. The
BRAMOR rTK is equipped with one main propeller, driven by a Lithium Polymer battery powered
electric motor.

                                                                                                                                   6
         The BRAMOR rTK safety features include:

              Mature airframe design and autopilot
              Programmed lost link and loss of GPS signal procedures
              Low energy landing configuration via parachute deployment
              Emergency pilot override and control of parachute deployment
              Primary control through FCC approved 900MHz frequency transmission
              Configuration controlled Autopilot software based on the Lockheed Martin Kestral

                  Autopilot and Procerus Virtual Cockpit Ground Control Station (GCS)

         The BRAMOR rTK that will be operated by MTSI will be registered in accordance with 49
U.S.C. 44103, Registration of Aircraft, as well as 14 C.F.R Part 47, Aircraft Registration, and
marked in accordance with 14 C.F.R. Part 45, Identification and Registration Marking.

    IV. MTSI Will Operate The BRAMOR rTK Under The Following Operating
             Parameters.

         MTSI will operate and maintain the BRAMOR rTK under controlled conditions at low
altitude and in airspace as described herein. It will be operated by individuals who have an FAA
approved Pilot License (at a minimum a Private Pilot License). The Operators (Pilot In
Command)(PIC) and the Visual Observer (VO) are given BRAMOR rTK training by qualified
MTSI trainers who have previously attended the C-Astral Aerospace, Original Equipment
Manufacturer (OEM) training program. Finally, MTSI will communicate to the FAA through the
certificate of waiver authorization (COA) process regarding the airspace in which the sUAS will
operate.

      V. Organizational Safety Culture And Design Features Of The BRAMOR rTK.

         In addition to operational conditions and procedures, the safety arguments that MTSI offers
to operate a BRAMOR rTK are as follows:

          Positive MTSI safety culture and relevant experience
                   Corporate Safety Management Systems (SMS) approved at the CEO level
                   Prior experience operating sUAS for U.S. DoD customers on military ranges
                   Experienced pilots are type trained on the BRAMOR rTK safety commands and

                                                                                                                                   7
                      system safety features, to include parachute folding and stowing, and setting up
                      the launch catapult
                   Led FAA Safety Certification effort for UAS Texas Test site; additionally,
                      MTSI's current role is as Safety Manager
          Selection of a safe UAS design
                   MTSI selected the BRAMOR rTK as a safe design that met the functional
                      requirements for precision photogrammetry missions. The ability of the pilot to
                      configure autopilot and parachute behavior modes (for primary failures and
                      degraded flight conditions such as low battery, lost link and lost GPS signal) was
                      seen as positive mitigation for design hazards relating to personal injury, or
                      damage to property.
         THEREFORE, in accordance Section 333, MTSI seeks an exemption from the
requirements of 14 C.F.R §§ 61.113(a) & (b), 91.7(a), 91.119, 91.151(b), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1),
91.409(a)(1) & (a) (2), and 91.417(a) & (b), to operate a sUAS pursuant Section 333 of the FMRA,
in order to expand services to a wider commercial customer base. The objective of MTSI high
precision aerial photogrammetry is to provide niche data products for a variety of commercial,
public, and residential uses, specifically targeting:

 Agriculture
 Ranching
 Mining
 Infrastructure

                 BASIS FOR PETITION

         Pursuant to the provisions of the Federal Aviation Regulations (FAR) (14 C.F.R. § 11.61)
and Section 333 of FMRA, Special Rules for Certain Unmanned Aircraft Systems, Petitioner
(MTSI), petitions the Administrator, for an exemption from the requirements of 14 C.F.R §§
61.113(a) & (b), 91.7(a), 91.119, 91.151(b), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and
91.417(a) & (b), to operate the BRAMOR rTK UAS in the NAS, for the commercial purpose of
conducting high precision aerial photogrammetry.

         According to the relevant speed, weight, size, and limited operating area associated with the
unmanned aircraft and its operation, MTSI proposed operation of BRAMOR rTK UAS meets the

                                                                                                                                   8
conditions of FMRA Section 333 and therefore, will not require an airworthiness certificate in
accordance with 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H.

         In accordance with 14 C.F.R. § 11.81, MTSI provides the following information in support
of its petition for exemption:

  I. Name And Address Of The Petitioner.

The name and address of the Petitioner and point of contact is:
Modern Technology Solutions, Inc.
5285 Shawnee Road, Suite 400
Alexandria, VA 22312
POC: Matthew Aljanich
703-564-3829
Email: matt.aljanich@mtsi-va.com

 II. The Specific Sections Of 14 C.F.R. From Which MTSI Seeks Exemption.

         1. MTSI seeks Exemption From The Requirements Of Section 61.113(a) And (b).
         Section 61.113, entitled Private Pilot Privileges and Limitations: Pilot in command,
         subsections (a) and (b) prescribe the following, in relevant part:

         (a) No person who holds a private pilot certificate may act as a pilot in command (PIC) of an
         aircraft that is carrying passengers or property for compensation or hire; nor may that person,
         for compensation or hire, act as PIC of an aircraft.

         (b) A private pilot may, for compensation or hire, act as PIC of an aircraft in connection with
         any business or employment if--

                  (1) The flight is only incidental to that business or employment; and
                  (2) The aircraft does not carry passengers or property for compensation or hire.

         2. MTSI Seeks Exemption From The Requirements Of Section 91.7(a).
         Section 91.7, entitled Civil aircraft airworthiness, subsection (a), states the
         following:
         (a) No person may operate a civil aircraft unless it is in an airworthy condition.

         3. MTSI Seeks Exemption From The Requirements of Section 91.119.
         Section 91.119, entitled Minimum safe altitude: General
         Except when necessary for takeoff or landing, no person may operate an aircraft below the
         following altitudes:

                                                                                                                                   9
(a) Anywhere. An altitude allowing, if a power unit fails, an emergency landing without
undue hazard to persons or property on the surface.
(b) Over congested areas. Over any congested area of a city, town, or settlement, or over any
open air assembly of persons, an altitude of 1,000 feet above the highest obstacle within a
horizontal radius of 2,000 feet of the aircraft.
(c) Over other than congested areas. An altitude of 500 feet above the surface, except over
open water or sparsely populated areas. In those cases, the aircraft may not be operated
closer than 500 feet to any person, vessel, vehicle, or structure.

4. MTSI Seeks Exemption From The Requirements Of Section 91.151(a).

Section 91.151, entitled Fuel requirements for flight in VFR conditions, subsection (a), states
the following:

     (a) No person may begin a flight in an airplane under VFR conditions unless
    (considering wind and forecast weather conditions) there is enough fuel to fly to the first
    point of intended landing and, assuming normal cruising speed--

         (1) During the day, to fly after that for at least 30 minutes; or

         (2) At night, to fly after that for at least 45 minutes.

5. MTSI Seeks Exemption From The Requirement Of Section 91.405(a).
Section 91.405, entitled Maintenance required, subsection (a), states the following:
Each owner or operator of an aircraft--

(a) Shall have that aircraft inspected as prescribed in subpart E of this part and shall between
required inspections, except as provided in paragraph (c) of this section, have discrepancies
repaired as prescribed in part 43 of this chapter[.]

6. MTSI Seeks Exemption From The Requirements Of Section 91.407(a)(1)
Section 91.407, entitled Operation after maintenance, preventive maintenance, rebuilding,
or alteration, subsection (a)(1), states the following:

(a) No person may operate any aircraft that has undergone maintenance, preventive
maintenance, rebuilding, or alteration unless--

         (1) It has been approved for return to service by a person authorized under § 43.7 of
this chapter[.]

7. MTSI Seeks Exemption From The Requirements Of Sections 91.409 (a)(2).
Section 91.409, entitled Inspections, subsection (a), states the following:

                                                                                                                       10
(a) Except as provided in paragraph (c) of this section, no person may operate an aircraft
unless, within the preceding 12 calendar months, it has had ­

         (2) An inspection for the issuance of an airworthiness certificate in accordance with
         part 21 of this chapter.

8. MTSI Seeks Exemption From The Requirements Of Sections 91.417(a) And
91.417(b).

Section 91.417, entitled Maintenance records, subsections (a) and (b), state the following:

(a) Except for work performed in accordance with §§ 91.411 and 91.413, each registered
owner or operator shall keep the following records for the periods specified in paragraph (b)
of this section:

    (1) Records of the maintenance, preventive maintenance, and alteration and records of
    the 100-hour, annual, progressive, and other required or approved inspections, as
    appropriate, for each aircraft (including the airframe) and each engine, propeller, rotor,
    and appliance of an aircraft. The records must include--

         (i) A description (or reference to data acceptable to the Administrator) of the work
         performed; and

         (ii) The date of completion of the work performed; and

         (iii) The signature, and certificate number of the person approving the aircraft for
         return to service.

    (2) Records containing the following information:

         (i) The total time in service of the airframe, each engine, each propeller, and each
         rotor.

         (ii) The current status of life-limited parts of each airframe, engine, propeller, rotor,
         and appliance.

         (iii) The time since last overhaul of all items installed on the aircraft which are
         required to be overhauled on a specified time basis.

         (iv) The current inspection status of the aircraft, including the time since the last
         inspection required by the inspection program under which the aircraft and its
         appliances are maintained.

         (v) The current status of applicable airworthiness directives (AD) and safety
         directives including, for each, the method of compliance, the AD or safety directive
         number and revision date. If the AD or safety directive involves recurring action, the
         time and date when the next action is required.

                                                                                                                       11
                  (vi) Copies of the forms prescribed by § 43.9(d) of this chapter for each major
                  alteration to the airframe and currently installed engines, rotors, propellers, and
                  appliances.
         (b) The owner or operator shall retain the following records for the periods prescribed:
             (1) The records specified in paragraph (a)(1) of this section shall be retained until the
             work is repeated or superseded by other work or for 1 year after the work is performed.
             (2) The records specified in paragraph (a)(2) of this section shall be retained and
             transferred with the aircraft at the time the aircraft is sold.
             (3) A list of defects furnished to a registered owner or operator under § 43.11 of this
             chapter shall be retained until the defects are repaired and the aircraft is approved for
             return to service.

III. The Extent Of Relief MTSI Seeks And The Reason MTSI Seeks The Relief.

         1. Extent Of Relief MTSI Seeks And The Reason MTSI Seeks Relief From Section
         61.113(a) And (b).
         MTSI requests relief from Section 61.113(a) and (b) entitled Private pilot privileges and
limitations: Pilot in command, to the extent necessary to allow a PIC holding at least a private pilot
certificate (or higher level certificate), as well as a current and valid airman medical certificate, and
who has met certain flight-hour and currency requirements, to conduct high precision aerial
photogrammetry using the BRAMOR rTK UAS for compensation or hire (commercial purposes).

         MTSI requests this relief because the limitations set forth in Section 61.113(a) and (b) state
that a private pilot may, for compensation or hire, act as PIC of an aircraft in connection with any
business or employment if: (1) The flight is only incidental to that business or employment; and (2)
The aircraft does not carry passengers or property for compensation or hire.

         Unlike a conventional aircraft that carries a pilot, passengers, and cargo, the pilot of the
BRAMOR rTK is remotely controlling an unmanned system carrying a camera as payload only.
While the BRAMOR rTK has a high degree of pre-programmed and autonomous control, MTSI
plans to use a UAS Type experienced, manufacturer trained, and FAA qualified private pilot for all
operations, from mission planning through to managing the control of the BRAMOR rTK during the
mission.

         The BRAMOR rTK has an autonomous navigation and control system based on the
Lockheed Martin Kestral Autopilot and Procerus Virtual Cockpit GCS. Flights are not directed by a

                                                                                                                                 12
pilot in the UAS flight control loop once the BRAMOR rTK is airborne. All flights are pre-
programmed based on GPS coordinates and guidance, and do not require pilot intervention unless
there is an unplanned event or equipment malfunction. Automated fail-safe functions (event triggers
and programmed UAS behavior) are shown in Figure 2.

         In the case of unplanned events, the operator pre-programmed behaviors are issued from the
BRAMOR rTK autopilot. Pre-programmed operator interventions include fly-level, fly-home, roll
20deg, climb to min Height Above Ground (HAG) and deploy parachute. At any time, the operator
can also override the autopilot and command the parachute deployment.

         Given the fail-safe features of the BRAMOR rTK design, MTSI proposes that UAS
operators should not be required to hold a commercial pilot certification and that an equivalent level
of safety will be provided by allowing operation using a private pilot's certificate under the
conditions described in this Petition. Moreover, MTSI submits that an equivalent level of safety will
be maintained because no PIC will be allowed to operate the BRAMOR rTK UAS unless that PIC
has met certain flight-hour and currency requirements, demonstrating that the PIC is able to safely
operate either the BRAMOR rTK UAS in a manner consistent with the operations specifications as
described in this exemption, to include evasive and emergency maneuvers, as well as maintaining
appropriate distances from people, vessels, vehicles and structures.

         Additionally, MTSI provides that all flights of the BRAMOR rTK UAS, conducted by the
operator pursuant to the grant of this Petition: (1) will be incidental to MTSI's business; and (2) will
not carry passengers or property for compensation or hire.

         2. Extent Of Relief MTSI Seeks And The Reason MTSI Seeks Relief From Section
         91.7(a).

         MTSI seeks relief from Section 91.7(a) entitled Civil aircraft airworthiness, to the extent
required to allow MTSI to determine that the BRAMOR rTK UAS is in airworthy condition prior to
every flight by ensuring that the UAS is in compliance with the BRAMOR rTK Operators Manual,
BRAMOR rTK Maintenance Manual, MTSI BRAMOR rTK SOP, and MTSI SMS.

         MTSI seeks the requested relief because the BRAMOR rTK UAS does not require an
airworthiness certificate in accordance with 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H. While MTSI intends to
conduct commercial operation of the BRAMOR rTK without an airworthiness certificate, MTSI will

                                                                                                                                 13
adhere to maintenance and inspection schedules in accordance with the BRAMOR rTK
Maintenance Manual, BRAMOR rTK Operators Manual and the MTSI BRAMOR rTK SOP. This
will provide an adequate and appropriate level of continuing airworthiness and flight safety through
compliance with manufacturer inspections and checklists prior to, during, and after each flight.
Therefore, MTSI will ensure that the BRAMOR rTK UAS is in airworthy condition based upon
compliance with the prescribed operating documents prior to every flight.

         3. Extent Of Relief MTSI Seeks And The Reason MTSI Seeks Relief From Section
         91.119.

         MTSI seeks relief from Section 91.119 entitled Minimum Safe Altitudes, to the extent
required to allow MTSI to conduct sUAS Operations not higher than 400 feet Above Ground Level
(AGL), while avoiding congested or populated areas that are depicted in yellow on VFR sectional
charts. All operations will be planned in feet AGL and any altitude reported to ATC also in feet
AGL. The MTSI operator will also ensure that a minimum safe altitude AGL is established during
the preparation and execution of each mission. MTSI seeks the requested relief from section 91.119
because BRAMOR rTK operations will occur no higher than 400 feet AGL.

         Further, no flight will be planned or executed without the permission of the land owner or
those who control the land and access to it. By providing advance notice to the landowner, affected
individuals will be aware of the MTSI sUAS operations.

         As shown in Figure 2, emergency landing via parachute is both pre-programmable and
operator initiated from the GCS in the event of failures or hazardous conditions being present. The
BRAMOR rTK with parachute deployed is highly conspicuous and has a low energy state at landing
(approx. 60J, based on a 5 m/s descent velocity).

         4. Extent Of Relief MTSI Seeks And The Reason MTSI Seeks Relief From Section
         91.151(a).

         MTSI seeks relief from Section 91.151(a) entitled Fuel requirements for flight in VFR
conditions, to the extent required to allow flights of the Lithium Polymer battery powered
BRAMOR rTK UA during daylight hours in visual meteorological conditions (VMC), under visual
flight rules (VFR), while maintaining sufficient reserve battery power for controlled recovery to the
planned landing area. The Operator accomplishes this by both autonomous and manual monitoring

                                                                                                                                 14
of battery health. A low battery voltage triggers a "land now" command as configured in Figure 2.
MTSI seeks the requested relief because without an exemption from Section 91.151(a), the flight
time duration of the battery powered BRAMOR rTK UA will unduly constrain the practicality of
precision aerial photogrammetry flight operations that MTSI proposes to conduct in connection to
this Petition.

         Under typical flight conditions, the BRAMOR rTK batteries provide approximately 150
minutes of powered flight. Through procedural adherence to VFR conditions and BRAMOR rTK
operating limits, voltage monitor is an acceptably safe method to allow the UAS to return to its
planned landing zone, from anywhere within the envisaged operating range to be used for
photogrammetric data collection missions.

         4. Extent Of Relief MTSI Seeks And The Reason MTSI Seeks Relief From Sections
         91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(2).

         Because Sections 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(2) require an aircraft operator or owner
to have the aircraft inspected, repaired, returned to service by an authorized person, and inspected
for issuance of an airworthiness certificate, MTSI seeks relief from these Sections to the extent
maintenance of the BRAMOR rTK will be performed by approved MTSI UAS operators, in
accordance with the BRAMOR rTK Maintenance Manual and the BRAMOR rTK Operator Manual;
moreover, the BRAMOR rTK UAS does not require an airworthiness certificate because it meets
the conditions of FMRA Section 333 for operation without an airworthiness certificate. This
approach will ensure that the BRAMOR rTK UAS is in airworthy condition and full working order
prior to initiating flight, or after having maintenance or repairs performed.

         Due to the simplicity of the system, quarterly, and yearly inspections are not required.
Inspections conducted in normal daily operations (identified below) are sufficient for all flight
operations:

              Pre-flight inspection (completed prior to the start of the day's flight operations)
              Turnaround inspection (completed between flight events)
              Post-flight inspection (completed after the conclusion of flight operations)
         In accordance with the MTSI BRAMOR rTK SOP, all maintenance actions preformed will
require the completion of a Maintenance Action Form (MAF). All MAFs will be kept in Aircraft
Discrepancy Books (ADB). All maintenance actions will be inspected by a qualified second party

                                                                                                                                 15
prior to being signed off as completed. At the completion of a flight event, the PIC shall log any
discrepancies observed in the ADB. Furthermore, MTSI will document and maintain all
maintenance records for the BRAMOR rTK UAS.

         5. Extent Of Relief MTSI Seeks And The Reason MTSI Seeks Relief From Sections
91.417(a) & (b).

         Because Sections 91.417(a) & (b) requires that the aircraft operator or owner keeps records
of maintenance and/or alterations, showing that maintenance work that has been accomplished by
certificated mechanics, or licensed pilots, MTSI seeks relief from these Sections to the extent
maintenance records of the BRAMOR rTK will be kept by approved MTSI UAS operators, in
accordance with the BRAMOR rTK Maintenance Manual, the MTSI-BRAMOR rTK Standard
Operating Procedure (SOP), and the BRAMOR rTK Operator Manual. Further, discrepancy log
books will be kept for both the aircraft and GCS components that will contain all closed and/or open
maintenance actions performed. As stated above, MTSI will document and maintain all maintenance
records for the BRAMOR rTK UAS.

IV. The Reasons Why Granting MTSI Request Would Benefit The Public As A Whole.

         A granting of the present Petition by the Administrator will further the public interest by
allowing MTSI, using an environmentally sensitive commercial approach, to safely, efficiently, and
economically perform high precision aerial photogrammetry across agriculture, ranching, landscape,
mining and infrastructure over certain areas of the United States.

         1. The Public Will Benefit From Decrease Of Comparatively Hazardous Manned
             Operations In The NAS.

         In this instance, the Administrator should grant relief to MTSI because MTSI use of the
BRAMOR rTK will be in lieu of comparatively hazardous manned operations that are conducted
with either fixed wing and/or rotary aircraft. Accordingly, the FAA can have confidence that there is
at least an equivalent level or greater level of safety in the provision of precision photogrammetric
services. Approval of this exemption would thereby enhance safety and fulfill the Secretary of
Transportation's (the FAA Administrator's) responsibilities under Section 333(c) of the Reform Act
to "establish requirements for the safe operation of such aircraft systems in the national airspace
system."

                                                                                                                                 16
         Additionally, by reducing the amount of manned aircraft needed to perform of precision
photogrammetric aerial services, an exemption allowing the use of a BRAMOR rTK UAS will
reduce the amount of manned aircraft in the NAS, reduce noise and air pollution, as well as increase
the safety of life and property in the air and on the ground. This also has a positive corresponding
effect on reducing the amount of air traffic handled by air traffic control during the ground, takeoff,
departure, arrival, and landing phases of flight operations, as the BRAMOR rTK UA does not
require an airport to takeoff or land.

         2. The Public Will Benefit From The Safety And Efficiency Of The BRAMOR rTK
         UAS.

         The BRAMOR rTK provides very high quality imagery at a fraction of the cost of using
conventional manned aircraft for the same mission type, these savings result in enhanced efficiency
and productivity for the affected activities, as well as environmental and safety benefits for the
public at large. The BRAMOR rTK UA is Lithium Polymer battery powered and serves as a safe,
efficient, and economical alternative to the manned aircraft traditionally utilized to obtain aerial
imagery. By reducing the amount of manned aircraft needed to conduct high precision aerial
photogrammetry, an exemption allowing the use of a BRAMOR rTK UAS will reduce the amount
of manned aircraft in the NAS, reduce noise and air pollution, as well as increase the safety of life
and property in the air and on the ground.

         By using the BRAMOR rTK UAS to perform aerial photogrammetry, the substantial risk to
life and property in the air and on the ground, which is usually associated with traditional manned
aircraft flight operations, will be substantially reduced or completely eliminated. Aside from the
lack of flight crew members located onboard the aircraft, the BRAMOR rTK UA (weighing
approximately 9 pounds 11 ounces at maximum gross weight with a platform length of 37.8 inches,
a wingspan of 90.5 inches, a center module length of 26.4 inches, and with no fuel on board), has
less physical potential for collateral damage to life and property on the ground, and in the air,
compared to the manned aircraft that typically conduct similar operations (e.g., Cessna Skylane
182T, weighing approximately 3,000 pounds with a wingspan of approximately 36 feet, a length of
29 feet, and a fuel capacity of 1,140 lbs.). The BRAMOR rTK with parachute deployed is highly
conspicuous and has a low energy state at landing, approximately 60J, based on a 5 m/s descent
velocity. (According to a DoD Tri-Service group evaluating applicable NATO STANAG's,

                                                                                                                                 17
STANAG 4703 and STANAG 4746, studies indicate that the probability of fatality resulting from
impacts from small UAS, occurring at or below an energy state of 66J, is extremely improbable.)

 V. The Reasons Why Granting The Exemption Would Not Adversely Affect Safety, Or
         How The Exemption Would Provide A Level Of Safety At Least Equal To That
         Provided By The Rule From Which MTSI Seeks An Exemption.

         1. Reasons Why The BRAMOR rTK UA Meets The Conditions Of The FAA
         Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (FMRA) Section 333.

         Due to the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the BRAMOR rTK
UAS and associated operation, MTSI believes operation of the BRAMOR rTK UAS meets the
conditions of FMRA Section 333, and therefore, will not require an airworthiness certificate in
accordance with 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H.

         FMRA Section 333 provides authority for a UAS to operate without airworthiness
certification and identifies the requirements for considering whether a UAS will create a hazard to
users of the NAS or the public, or otherwise pose a threat to national security. In part, FMRA
Section 333 states the following:

         (b) Assessment of Unmanned Aircraft Systems.--In making the determination under
             subsection (a), the Secretary shall determine, at a minimum--
                  (1) which types of unmanned aircraft systems, if any, as a result of their size, weight,
                  speed, operational capability, proximity to airports and populated areas, and
                  operation within visual line of sight do not create a hazard to users of the national
                  airspace system or the public or pose a threat to national security; and

                  (2) whether a certificate of waiver, certificate of authorization, or airworthiness
                  certification under section 44704 of title 49, United States Code, is required for the
                  operation of unmanned aircraft systems identified under paragraph (1).

         (c) Requirements for Safe Operation.--If the Secretary determines under this section that
         certain unmanned aircraft systems may operate safely in the national airspace system, the
         Secretary shall establish requirements for the safe operation of such aircraft systems in the
         national airspace system.

                                                                                                                                 18
         By seeking this exemption, MTSI submits that the BRAMOR rTK UAS can operate safely
in the NAS pursuant to FMRA Section 333, as demonstrated by: (a) the characteristics of the
BRAMOR rTK UAS; (b) the pilot certification requirement; and (c) the specific operating
limitations.

         a. The Specifications Of The BRAMOR rTK UAS Demonstrate Its Safe
         Characteristics.

         The BRAMOR rTK UAS does not create a hazard to users of the NAS or the public, or
otherwise pose a threat to national security considering its size, weight, speed, and operational
capability.

                  i. Technical Specifications Of The BRAMOR rTK UAS.

         The technical specifications of the BRAMOR rTK are set forth by the BRAMOR rTK
Specifications and Data Sheet, attached hereto as Annex A.

                  ii. The BRAMOR rTK UAS Autonomous Flight And Navigation Modes Enable
                  The UAS To Remain Within A Defined Operational Area.

         The BRAMOR rTK UAS may be operated in both manual and fully autonomous flight
modes, enabling it to remain within a defined operating area. A complete description of the flight
and navigational modes of the BRAMOR rTK UAS is in the BRAMOR rTK User Manual, attached
hereto as Annex B.

                  iii. The BRAMOR rTK UAS Has Programmed Lost Link And Loss Of GPS
                  Signal Procedures, And Includes A Parachute Recovery System.

         When the Control Link is lost, the BRAMOR rTK UA has programmed lost link and loss of
GPS signal procedures. The design features include a low energy landing configuration via
parachute deployment, and emergency pilot override and control of the parachute deployment
system.

         A complete description of the Failsafe Functions of the BRAMOR rTK UAS is set forth in
the BRAMOR rTK User Manual, attached hereto as Annex B.

                  iv. The BRAMOR rTK GCS And Its Operation.

                                                                                                                                 19
         A complete description of the operation and specifications of the BRAMOR rTK GCS and
flight control software is provided in the BRAMOR rTK User Manual. The BRAMOR rTK User
Manual is attached as Annex B.

         b. Flight Operations Of BRAMOR rTK UAS Is Limited To The Line Of Sight Of A
         Certificated Pilot in Command With A Visual Observer.
         MTSI will only utilize certificated pilots who possess a current and valid airman medical
certificate to act as a pilot in command (PIC) of the BRAMOR rTK UAS. Additionally, a visual
observer will assist all pilots during flight time.
         c. Flights Of BRAMOR rTK UAS Will Be Conducted Pursuant To Specific Operating
         Limitations.
In seeking this exemption, MTSI proposes to commercially operate BRAMOR rTK UAS for the
special purpose of conducting high precision aerial photogrammetry over certain areas of United
States, pursuant to the following specific operating limitations:
        1. All operations will occur less than 400ft AGL and at velocities <45kts (or 23m/s).
        2. All altitudes reported to Air Traffic Control (ATC) will be in feet AGL.
        3. All operations will be conducted in Class G airspace, not within 5 nautical miles of the

            geographic center of an airport, and not over congested or densely populated areas
            depicted in yellow on VFR charts.
        4. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) issued civil COA's will be obtained prior to operations
        5. Operations will be limited to private or controlled access property with permission from
            the land- owner or authorized representative for each mission.
        6. Operations will be limited to Visual Meteorological Conditions (VMC) and Visual Flight
            Rules (VFR).
        7. Operations will occur during civil daylight hours only.
        8. Operations will remain clear of manned aircraft flights.

                                                                                                                                 20
9. BRAMOR rTK aircraft will be operated to remain within unaided Visual Line of Sight
    (VLOS).

10. Required permissions and permits will be obtained from territorial, state, county or city
    jurisdictions, including local law enforcement, fire, or other appropriate governmental
    agencies where this is necessary.

11. Maximum weight of the BRAMOR rTK aircraft will be <5kg.

12. BRAMOR rTK Operators Manual will be available at each operating location.

13. Maintenance and Functional Test Flights will be performed after any servicing or repairs
    in accordance with the BRAMOR rTK Maintenance Manual.

14. Preflight Inspections will be performed before every mission.

15. Operators (Pilot In Command (PIC) and the Visual Observer (VO)) are given BRAMOR
    rTK training by qualified MTSI trainers who have previously attended the C-Astral,
    Original Equipment Manufacturer (OEM) training program.

16. Operators will comply with OEM Safety Bulletins and maintain the UAS in an airworthy
    condition.

17. PIC will hold a current FAA issued Private Pilot License and third class medical
    certificate.

18. PIC will be current before commercial operations are performed and will record all hours
    and dates flown in a log book.

19. Normal and emergency procedures and checklists are available and briefed before each
    mission.

20. Abort criteria are detailed in pre-mission briefings to all participants.

21. PIC will ensure operations only continue with an aircraft battery voltage between 16.8v -
    14.6v and GCS battery voltage above 10.0v.

22. MTSI owned BRAMOR rTK will have registered serial number and its FAA
    identification markings (N-number) will be externally visible and as large as practicable.

                                                                                                                         21
        23. BRAMOR rTK GCS complies with authorized 900Mhz FCC radio frequency spectrum
            usage.

        24. No operations will be conducted from moving platforms.

        25. Operations will remain at least 500ft from nonparticipating persons. Permitted vessels,
            vehicles and structures that are within 500ft will require the PIC to complete a safety risk
            assessment worksheet to ensure there is no undue hazard present. A record of the risk
            assessment will be kept as a temporary Annex to the MTSI BRAMOR rTK Standard
            Operating Procedure (SOP) for that mission.

        26. Incidents exceeding limits or operating conditions as described, or that result in injury or
            damage to property (other than the sUAS itself), will be reported to the FAA UAS
            Integration Office (AFS-80) and NTSB within 24hrs. Accidents must be reported to the
            National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions contained on the NTSB
            Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

        2. Reasons Why An Exemption From The Requirements Of Section 61.113(a) And (b)
        Would Not Adversely Affect Safety.

        MTSI petitions that the equivalent level of safety established by Section 61.113(a) and (b)
will be maintained because no PIC will be allowed to operate the BRAMOR rTK UAS unless that
PIC has demonstrated, by meeting minimum flight-hour and currency requirements, that the PIC is
able to safely operate the BRAMOR rTK UAS in a manner consistent with the exemption, to
include evasive and emergency maneuvers, and maintaining appropriate distances from people,
vessels, vehicles and structures.

        Given the fail-safe features of the BRAMOR rTK design, MTSI proposes that UAS operators
should not be required to hold a commercial pilot certification and that an equivalent level of safety
will be provided by allowing operation using a private pilot's certificate under the conditions
described in this Petition.

        Unlike a conventional aircraft that carries a pilot, passengers, and cargo, the pilot of the
BRAMOR rTK is remotely controlling an unmanned system carrying a camera as payload only.
While the BRAMOR rTK has a high degree of pre-programmed and autonomous control, MTSI

                                                                                                                                 22
plans to use a UAS Type experienced, trained, and FAA qualified private pilot for all operations;
from mission planning through to managing the control of the BRAMOR rTK during the mission.

        The BRAMOR rTK has an autonomous navigation and control system based on the
Lockheed Martin Kestral Autopilot and Procerus Virtual Cockpit GCS. Flights are not directed by a
pilot in the UAS flight control loop once the BRAMOR rTK is airborne. All flights are pre-
programmed based on GPS coordinates and guidance, and do not require pilot intervention unless
there is an unplanned event or equipment malfunction. Automated fail-safe functions (event triggers
and programmed UAS behavior) are shown in Figure 2.

        In the case of unplanned events, the operator pre-programmed behaviors are issued from the
BRAMOR rTK autopilot. Pre-programmed operator interventions include fly-level, fly-home, roll
20deg, climb to min Height Above Ground (HAG) and deploy parachute. At any time, the operator
can also override the autopilot and command the parachute deployment.

        Therefore, considering MTSI proposed area of operations, and the operating limitations set
forth-above, the parallel nature of private pilot aeronautical knowledge requirements to those of
commercial pilot requirements as identified in Exemption Number 11062, and the airmanship skills
necessary to safely operate the BRAMOR rTK UAS, MTSI submits that the additional manned
airmanship experience of a commercially certificated pilot would not correlate to the airmanship
skills necessary for MTSI's specific proposed flight operations.

        MTSI seeks the same FAA grant of relief from Section 61.113(a) and (b) specific to UAS, in
circumstances similar to those granted relief in the following Exemption Numbers: 11062, 11063,
11064, 11065, 11066, 11067, 11080, 11109, 11110, 11112, 11136, 11138, 11150, 11153, 11156,
11158, 11159, 11160, and 11161.

         MTSI will ensure safe operations by not allowing any PIC to operate the BRAMOR rTK
UAS unless that PIC has demonstrated, by meeting minimum flight-hour and currency
requirements, that the PIC is able to safely operate the BRAMOR rTK UAS in a manner consistent
with the exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and maintaining appropriate
distances from people, vessels, vehicles and structures.

         3. Reasons Why An Exemption From The Requirements Of Section 91.7(a) Would Not
         Adversely Affect Safety.

                                                                                                                                 23
         To maintain the equivalent level of safety established by Section 91.7(a), prior to every
flight, MTSI will ensure that the BRAMOR rTK UAS is in an airworthy condition based upon the
UAS's compliance with its associated operating documents and with the stated conditions and
limitations outlined in this Petition.

         While MTSI intends to conduct commercial operation of the BRAMOR rTK without an
airworthiness certificate, MTSI will adhere to maintenance and inspection schedules in accordance
with the BRAMOR rTK Operators Manual and the MTSI BRAMOR rTK SOP. This will provide an
adequate and appropriate level of continuing airworthiness and flight safety through compliance
with manufacturer inspections and checklists prior to, during, and after each flight.

         Moreover, the FAA has previously granted relief from Section 91.7(a) specific to UAS in
circumstances similar to those identified in this Petition under Exemption Number 11062, 11063,
11064, 11065, 11066, 11067, 11080, 11109, 11110, 11112, 11136, 11138, 11150, 11153, 11156,
11157, 11158, 11159, 11160, and 11161.

         4. Reasons Why An Exemption From The Requirements Of Section 91.151(b) Would
         Not Adversely Affect Safety.

         A grant of this exemption would ensure an equivalent level of safety established by 14
C.F.R. Section 91.151(b) as a result of (1) the technical specifications of the BRAMOR UAS; (2)
the limitations on the proposed flight operations; and (3) the location of the proposed flight
operations.

         Under typical flight conditions, the BRAMOR rTK batteries provide approximately 150
minutes of powered flight. Through procedural adherence to VFR conditions and BRAMOR rTK
operating limits, voltage monitor is an acceptably safe method to allow the UAS to return to its
planned landing zone, from anywhere within the envisaged operating range to be used for
photogrammetric data collection missions. Safe flight, with respect to maintaining sufficient reserve
battery power for controlled recovery to the planned landing area, is achieved by both autonomous
and manual monitoring of battery health (low battery voltages trigger a "land now" command and is
configured as shown in Figure 2).

         Accordingly, MTSI will ensure safe operations of the Lithium Polymer battery powered
BRAMOR rTK UA during daylight hours in VFR conditions, while maintaining sufficient reserve

                                                                                                                                 24
battery power for controlled recovery to the planned landing area. The MTSI Operator
accomplishes this by both autonomous and manual monitoring of battery health, and initiating
recovery when a low battery voltage triggers a command to "land now" as configured in Figure 2.

         Previous exemptions granted by the FAA concerning Section 91.151 establish that safety is
not adversely affected when the technical characteristics and operating limitations of the UAS are
considered. Moreover, the FAA has previously granted relief from Section 91.151 specific to UAS,
in circumstances similar to those to those identified in this Petition under Exemption Number's
8811, 10808, 10673, 11042, 11062, 11063, 11064, 11065, 11066, 11067, 11080, 11109, 11110,
11136, 11138, 11150, 11153, 11156, 11157, 11158, 11159, 11160, and 11161.

         5. Reasons Why An Exemption From The Requirements Of Sections 91.405(a),
         91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), And 91.417(a) & (b) Would Not Adversely Affect
         Safety.

         In seeking this exemption, MTSI submits that the equivalent level of safety with regard to
the regulatory maintenance and alteration requirements established by Sections 91.405(a),
91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b) will be met because maintenance of the
BRAMOR rTK will be performed by approved MTSI UAS operators, in accordance with the
BRAMOR rTK Operator Manual and the BRAMOR rTK Maintenance Manual. This will ensure
that the BRAMOR rTK UAS is in airworthy condition and full working order prior to initiating
flight, or after having maintenance or repairs performed.

         Due to the simplicity of the system, quarterly, and yearly inspections are not required.
Inspections conducted in normal daily operations (identified below) are sufficient for all flight
operations:

          Pre-flight inspection (completed prior to the start of the day's flight operations)
          Turnaround inspection (completed between flight events)
          Post-flight inspection (completed after the conclusion of flight operations)

In accordance with the MTSI BRAMOR rTK SOP, all maintenance actions preformed will

require the completion of a Maintenance Action Form (MAF). All MAFs will be kept in Aircraft

Discrepancy Books (ADB). Furthermore, MTSI will document and maintain all maintenance

records for the BRAMOR rTK UAS.

                                                                                              25
         Maintenance records for the BRAMOR rTK will be kept by approved MTSI UAS operators,
in accordance with the BRAMOR rTK Operator Manual, MTSI BRAMOR rTK SOP, and
BRAMOR rTK Maintenance Manual. Discrepancy logbooks will be kept for both the aircraft and
GCS components, which will contain all closed and/or open maintenance actions performed.

         Since the BRAMOR rTK UAS will be inspected as prescribed by the operating documents,
MTSI will maintain the equivalent level of safety established by Sections 91.405(a), 91.409(a)(1),
and 91.409(a)(2). A copy of the BRAMOR rTK User Manual, the BRAMOR rTK Maintenance
Manual, the BRAMOR rTK Operating Manual, and the BRAMOR rTK UAS Maintenance LOG are
attached hereto in Annex B.

         Similarly, the exemption sought will not adversely affect safety because MTSI will use
trained technicians to perform maintenance, alterations or preventive maintenance on the UAS using
the practices prescribed by the associated operating documents.

         Furthermore, the exemption sought would maintain an equivalent level of safety established
by Sections 91.407, 91.417(a) and 91.417(b), because all maintenance of the BRAMOR rTK UAS
will be performed by trained technicians. Maintenance will be documented and maintained utilizing
the Monthly Maintenance Log, and all maintenance records will be kept on file.

         Previous exemptions granted by the FAA concerning Sections 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1),
91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b) establish that safety is not adversely affected when the
technical characteristics and operating limitations of the UAS are considered.

         In consideration of MTSI's proposed operating limitations, the operating documents, and the
technical aspects of the BRAMOR rTK UAS, MTSI submits that safety will not be adversely
affected by granting exemption from 14 C.F.R. Sections 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1) and (a)(2),
91.409(a)(2), and 91.417(a) and (b). The FAA has previously granted relief specific to UAS in
circumstances similar to those identified in this Petition under Exemption Number's 11062, 11063,
11064, 11065, 11066, 11067, 11080, 11109, 11110, 11112, 11136, 11138, 11150, 11153, 11156,
11157, 11158, 11159, 11160, and 11161.

7. The FAA May Prescribe Any Other Conditions For Safe Operation.

         In accordance with Section 333 of the FMRA, and 14 C.F.R. § 21.16, entitled Special
Conditions, MTSI requests that the FAA prescribe special conditions, if any, for the intended

                                                                                               26
operation of the BRAMOR rTK UAS, which contain such safety standards that the Administrator
finds necessary to establish a level of safety equivalent to that established by 14 C.F.R. Part 21,
Subpart H, and 14 C.F.R §§ 61.113(a) & (b), 91.7 (a), 91.119, 91.151(a), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1),
91.409(a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b).

         Prescribed special conditions will permit safe operation of the UAs for the limited purpose of
conducting high precision aerial photogrammetry over certain areas of the United States for
compensation or hire. FMRA Section 333 sets forth the requirements when considering if a UAS
will create a hazard to users of the NAS or the public, or otherwise pose a threat to national security.
It also provides the authority for UAS to operate without airworthiness certification in accordance
with any requirements that must be established for the safe operation of the UAS in the NAS.

         Likewise, the Administrator may prescribe special conditions pursuant to 14 C.F.R. § 21.16,
for operation of the BRAMOR rTK UAS, since the airworthiness regulations of 14 C.F.R. Part 21
do not contain adequate or appropriate safety standards for the design features of this aircraft.

         Therefore, in accordance with FMRA Section 333 and 14 C.F.R. § 21.16, the FAA may
prescribe special safety standards or conditions for MTSI's intended operation of the BRAMOR
rTK UAS, which the Administrator finds necessary to establish a level of safety equivalent to that
established by 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H, and 14 C.F.R Sections 61.113(a) & (b), 91.7(a),
91.119, 91.151(a), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b).

 VI. A Summary That Can Be Published In The Federal Register, stating: The Rules From
         Which MTSI Seeks Exemption:

                  MTSI seeks exemption from the requirements of 14 C.F.R Sections 61.113(a)&(b),
                  91.7(a), 91.191, 91.151(a), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(2), and 91.417(a) &
                  (b).

         A Brief Description Of The Nature Of The Exemption MTSI Seeks:

                  This exemption will permit MTSI to commercially operate a small Unmanned
                  Aircraft System for the purpose of conducting high precision aerial photogrammetry
                  over certain areas of the United States.

VII. Any Additional Information, Views, Or Arguments Available To Support MTSI's
         Request.
                                                                                                                                  27
         MTSI petitions the Administrator for an exemption to be granted pursuant to the authority of
FMRA Section 333 and 14 C.F.R. Part 11, as set forth in this Petition.

         FMRA Section 333 sets forth the requirements for considering whether a UAS will create a
hazard to users of the NAS or the public, or otherwise pose a threat to national security. It
additionally provides the authority for any such UAS to operate without airworthiness certification.

         As highlighted in this Petition, MTSI seeks an exemption to operate the BRAMOR rTK
UAS in the NAS, because it can be done safely, without creating any hazard to users of the NAS, or
the public. It also does not otherwise pose a threat to national security. Further, as MTSI is a
respected industry leader in the aviation safety community, MTSI will continue to advocate through
experience best practice, and through our in involvement with UAS community organizations like
ASTM, RTCA & AUVSI.

                                                    CONCLUSION

         Pursuant to 14 C.F.R. § 11.61 and Section 333 of the FMRA, MTSI seeks an exemption,
which will permit safe commercial operation of the BRAMOR rTK UAS, for the limited purpose of
conducting high precision aerial photogrammetry over certain areas of the United States. Approval
of the exemption allowing commercial operations of the MTSI owned and operated BRAMOR rTK
for precision photogrammetric work, will enhance safety by reducing risk. Conventional manned
aerial operations present greater risks associated with grossly higher aircraft weights, energy, carry
large quantities of fuel, and passengers. Manned photogrammetry aircraft also fly to and from the
imaging location. In contrast, a BRAMOR rTK weighing less than 5kg and powered by batteries
eliminates a significant portion of any hazard associated with loss of positive control during routine
photogrammetry operations.

         In granting this Petition, the FAA Administrator fulfills the Congressional mandate of the
FMRA, advances the interests of the public, and allows MTSI to safely, efficiently, and
economically operate the BRAMOR rTK UAS commercially within the NAS.

         THEREFORE, in accordance with the Federal Aviation Regulations and the FAA
Modernization and Reform Act of 2012, Section 333, MTSI respectfully requests that the
Administrator grant this Petition for an exemption from the requirements of 14 C.F.R Sections
61.113(a) & (b), 91.7(a), 91.119, 91.151(a), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(2), and 91.417(a) &

                                                                                                                                 28
(b), and permit MTSI to operate the BRAMOR rTK UAS commercially for the purpose of
conducting high precision aerial photogrammetry over certain areas of the United States.

                                                               Respectfully submitted,
                                                               Matthew B. Aljanich

                                                                                                                                 29
                                                      ARTIFACTS
   MTSI is submitting (confidentially) the following documents in support of this Petition for the
BRAMOR rTK UAS ­ these documents are proprietary and not for public release:
     C-Astral BRAMOR rTK Specification Sheet
     Lockheed Martin Kestral Autopilot Specification Sheet
     BRAMOR rTK Operators Manual
     BRAMOR rTK Maintenance Manual
     MTSI-BRAMOR rTK Standard Operating Procedure (SOP)
     MTSI-BRAMOR rTK Maintenance Action Form
     BRAMOR rTK Pre-flight Checklist & Emergency Checklists
     MTSI Safety Management System

                                                                                                                                 30
Annex A - BRAMOR rTK Technical Data (Proprietary)

                                   Figure 1 ­ BRAMOR rTK

Table 1 ­ Airframe Details

Wingspan                    230 cm

Platform length             96 cm

Center module length        67 cm

Engine                      Brushless

Onboard power               li-po batteries

Max. T/O Weight             5kg

Table 2 ­ Flight Envelope

Optimal cruise speed       16m/s

Max horizontal speed       23m/s

Endurance                  Up to 150 minutes

Command & control RF       868 MHz or 900 MHz

Command & control range Up to 40 km

Takeoff                    Autonomous / catapult

Navigation                 Autonomous / waypoints array

Landing                    Autonomous / parachute

Emergency failsafe's       User-Pre-program

Table 3 ­ Aircraft Limits

Wind speed aloft           12m/s

Min/Max Air Temps          -10C to 45C

Max Altitude               4500m

                                                          31
Figure 2 ­ User Failsafe Configuration
                                                                                          32
Annex B ­ Supporting Artifacts (Proprietary)
    1. BRAMOR rTK Specification Sheet

                                                                                                                                 33
2. Kestrel Flight Systems Specification Sheet - Proprietary
                                                                                                                        34
3. BRAMOR rTK User Manual - Proprietary
                                                                                                                        35
4. BRAMOR rTK Maintenance Manual - Proprietary
                                                                                                                        36
5. MTSI-BRAMOR rTK UAS Standard Operating Procedures - Proprietary
                                                                                                                        37
6. MTSI-BRAMOR rTK Maintenance Action Form - Proprietary
                                                                                                                        38
7. BRAMOR rTK Pre-flight Checklist & Emergency Checklists - Proprietary
                                                                                                                        39
8. MTSI Safety Management System - Proprietary
                                                                                                                        40
