May 22, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 11662
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­0522

Ms. Eileen Shibley
Chief Executive Officer
Monarch, Inc.
1519 N. Norma Street
Ridgecrest, CA 93555

Dear Ms. Shibley:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated February 19, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA)
on behalf of Monarch, Inc. (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption. The
exemption would allow the petitioner to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to
conduct aerial survey of agriculture, aerial photogrammetry and Light Detection and Ranging
(LIDAR) data collection.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a Monarch Ag.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
                                                                                                                 2

provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Monarch, Inc. is granted an exemption from 14 CFR
§§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121,
91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to the
extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Monarch, Inc. is hereafter referred to as the operator.
                                                                                                                 3

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the Monarch Ag when
         weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any other
         aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
         must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
         documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
         Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
         limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
         the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
         Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
         documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
         operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
         documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
                                                                                                            4

    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    Government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
                                                                                                            5

    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least 5 minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.
                                                                                                               6

   23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
       any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
       PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
       These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
       official upon request.

   24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
       activities at all times.

   25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

   26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
       persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
          a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
             from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
             that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
             where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
             the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
             of nonparticipating persons; and
          b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
             for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
             the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
             present an undue hazard.

       The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
       nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

   27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
       permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
       Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
       obtained for each flight to be conducted.

   28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
       boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
       to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
       reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
       contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

   29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
       as documented in this grant of exemption.
                                                                                                                 7

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.

This exemption terminates on May 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
7503844071  RIDGECREST AREA AOR  PAGE 01/08

  ~~!\\ cina rc h
                         1nc

 I9 February 20 I5

 Mr. Janu::s Williams
 Manager, Flight Stand;uds Service
IJnmanned Aircraft Systems lntcgr<tli(lll Oflice ·
Federal Aviation Administration
800 independence !\venue. SW

Washington, DC 20591

U.S. Department of Transportation
Docket Operations
West Building Ground Floor, Room w12-140
1200 New Jersey Avenue, SE
Washington, DC 20590

Dear !V{r Williams,

Monarch, Jnc respectfully requests an exemption from several provisions of Title 14 of
the Code ofFederal Regulations (C.F.R), specifically portions of 14 C.F.R. Parts 45 and
91, to permit the use of our small Unmanned Aerial System (lJAS), the Monarch Ag, for
tLse in aerial survey of agriculture plots in remote and rural areas of the United States.
Granting an exemption is consistent with Congress' intent, as reflected in Section 333 or
the FAt\ Modernization and Reform Act of2013, that safe systems be permitted 1n the
National Airspace (NAS) prior to the issuance of final regulations governing general use
of these small unmanned aerial systems.

The Monarch Ag, is~ all-environment, electric-powered, self-launched, small multirotor
UAS that, dcper\ding on its payload, is capable of collecting airborne images and location
irifi.)rmation to a Ground Control Station (GCS). It can also conduct high-resolution
photogrammetry or perform Light Detection and Ranging (LIDAR) data collection. If
w;ed for high-resolution photographs or LIDAR data, the Monarch Ag stores the
photogr<~phs and imagery data onboard and makes itavailahle for download after
completion of the flight. The Monarch Ag has a maximum weight of 15 pounds and a
diameter of 51.5 inches, with a maximum cruising sp~ed of l5mph. !tis battery powered,
has a rnaximum flight time between twenty (20) and twenty five (25) minutes, and can
operate in temperatures ranging from 14°F to J22°F. The Monarch Ag has two omni-
directional antenna-;, a primary and a redundant backup. The primary 9.5 MHz antenna
has a range of 6.2 miles, and the 2.4 GH:1. backup antenna has a range of 1.4 miles.

FAA Modernization and Reform Act of2012, Section 333

            l-519 N. Normc StreP.t I Ridgecre$1. Ci, 9355.5 I 760.660.6779 /n1onordlrnakers.com
                                             RIDGECREST AREA AOR                                                                                                                 PAGE 02/08

tfrMonarch
                            inc

     Section 333 (a) states that the FAA "shaH dete.nnine if certain Wlmanned aircraft systems
     may operate safely in tb.e national airspace system before completion of the plan and
     rulemaking required by Section 332". Section 333 (b) then lists several factors that
     should be considered in determining which UASs would be eligible for expedited
     integration into the National Airspace System (NAS). Specifically UASs that "as a result

   of their size, weight, speed. operational capability, proximity to airports and populated

     areas, and operation within visual line of sight do not create a hw..ard to. the users of the
     national airspace system or the public, or pose a threat to national security". lf a UAS
     meets the criteria laid forth in Section 333 (b), Section 333 (c) then gives the FAA the
     authority to decide if an airworthiness certification as specified by Title 49 United States
     Code, Section 44704 is even required for operation. Section 333 (c) specifically states
     that the FAA can determine "whether a certificate ofwaiver, certificate ofauthori7..ation,
     or airworthiness certification under section"44704 of Title 49, United States Code, is
     required for the operation of unmanned aircraft systems'~. Thus, the FAA has th.e ability
     to allow a UAS that meets the criteria put forth in Section 333 (b) to operate Vvithin the

   asNAS Without an airworthiness certification long as the UAS does not pose any hazard

     or threat to the NAS, public, and national security.

The primary function of the Monarch Ag is to provide aerial imagery using

interchangeable geo-refere.nce still/video cameras. High-resolution data generated ftom

these cameras offers a v..'ide range of applications in agriculture and aerial survey. The

resulting imagery data, along with post-processing data analytics, helps local farmers, for

example, maximi7..e crop yields, benefitting the economy and the general public. The

Monarch Ag can fly by remote control or autonomously with advanced .mission planning,

and is launched on-the-spot with no requirement for a runway. Once airborne, the

Monarch Ag wil1 fly at an altitude less than 400ft Above Ground Level (AGL) over the

· designated plot. Prior to flight, the Pilot in Command (PIC) sets a designated flight area

and flight parameters to ensure that the Monarch Ag will remain withm the confines of

the approved site, never exceeding 400ft. AGL. If onboard sensors detect a critical issue

at any time, such as a low battery state or loss of GPS signa1, the Monarch Ag will

immediately execute pre-programmed safety procedures and auto~a~ically retum to the

latmch  site.  The          .  Ag  '    all  o~c.rational  footprint and bmlt-1.11 S8fety protocol   .
                                                           . d would pose a miniroal hazard to      the
                    Monarch        s  sm

provt'de a m.. uch safer alternative fo:r aenal survey an  .

NAS or public.                                                             11 ·
..                     aornelymouplteir~alteberouvlroaeclras~lttfeas.rcmouvleterusrrawwlhhpio.lcoh.htsatvhfoeerMgtr·h·aoenntpaeurdcrhpaopAspeg-roowvfailcllotboeecfltoi'n-"g11·
The Monarch Ag will
··
aerial imagery. There

All sites are owned and operate y                             ·.

                                   - t CA 93555/760.660.6779 I monorchmokers.com
        I 519 N. Normo Stret I Rldgecres.                  .
                                 RIDGECREST AREA AOR                                PAGE 03/08

~Monarch
                               inc

      Monarch, Inc to conduct Monarch Ag flights over their property. There are a few small
      office and maintenance buildings located amongst the agricultural plots and Monarch Inc.

     will ensure all operations avoid overflight of these structures. In addition, there are no

      airports within 5 NM of the sites~ meaning the operations arc within FAA guidelines. By
      operating at low altitudes over privately owned agricultural plots, the Monarch Ag will

     pose no threat to individuals or structures on the ground and ·will remain well clear of any

      and all air traffic.

      The Monarch Ag will be flown in accordance with day Visual Flight Rules (VFR) and
      only in Visual Meteorological Conditions (VMC) during day-light hours. The Monarch
     Ag will operate within J ~"M and Visual Line of Sight (VLOS) of the PIC (and the Safety
     Observer positioned next to the PIC) at an altitude 400ft. AGL or less. The Safety
     Observer will be responsible for ensuring that the Monarch Ag remains within VLOS at
      all times and will also a..o:;sist in spotting potential hazard':>.

Monarch fnc. ha<; established the following operational limitations for Monarch Ag
flights over the intended survey sites:

- Monarch Ag flights are only penn_itted over designated privately owned farms

- The Monarc.h Ag will operate below 400 ft._AGL and not within 5 NM of an

airport

- The Monarch Ag will operate within 1 NM and within VLOS of the PTC and

Safety Observer·

- The Safety Observer will be located next to the PIC and will ensure the aircraft

remain!) ""'itbin VLOS and a5sist in spotting potential hazards

- The Monarch Ag wiJI operate in accordance with Day Visual Fligh.t.Ru.les and

only .in Visual Meteorological Conditions during daylight hours

:- The duration of each Monarch Ag Flight shall not exceed 25 mi.nutes

- All takeoff.5 and landings will occur on-site

- Monarch Ag_flights "':ill avoid direct overflight of any office or maintenance

buildings located on-site

- All Monarch employees working on-site will be thoroughly briefed on Monarch

Ag operations prior to operations commencing

- Monarch Ag operations will be conducted by commercially certified pilots who

have completed Monarch Training                  .

- Monarch Ag Jlights will be cancelled in the event that any aircraft or ground

control station equipment is found to be inoperative or not fully functional

- Tfthe PTC or Safety Observer spot a potential hazard, such as a manned. aircraft

within close proximity to the designated flight area, the PIC wilJ immediately land

the Monarch Ag and operations will only resume after the hazard is clear of the

area

1519 N. Norma Street I Ridgecrest. CA 93555 I 760.660.6779 I monarchmakers.com
RIDGECREST AREA AOR  PAGE 04/08

~Monarch
                             inc

          - All Monarch Ag maintenance wiiJ be accomplished in accordance with the

                Monarch Inspection and Maintenance Requirements
           - Only one Monarch Ag will be airborne at any gjven time for each designated site
           - The PIC \Vill file a NOTAM for Monarch Ag flights at each site~ providing at a

                minimum. .radial!DME, radius, and a date/time group

      Monarch Inc. will be bound by these limitations for commercial :O.ights after FAA
     approval ofthe exemptions laid forth in this petition. Monarch Inc. \\-ill also fo11ow any
      guidance from the FAA in accordance with Sec 333 (c) which states that after
      det~rmining ifUAS meets the criteria for safe operation that the FAA "shall [also]
     establish requirements for the safe operation of the" UAS in the NAS.

      Specific Sections of .14 CFR from which Monarch Inc. Seeks Exemption

      Below are the sections from which Monarch Inc. seek~ exemption, with specifics on th_e
      extent ofrelief sought, reason for relief, and why exemption would not adversely affect
      safety.

     a. Part 21 Suhpart H- Airworthiness Certification

      Part 21 Subpart H establishes the requirements for the issuance of an airworthiness
      certificate. Monarch Inc. seeks complete exemption fro.m Part 21 Subpart H pursuant
      with Section 333, which authori;;es the FAA to exempt a UAS from the requirements of
      an airworthiness certificate based on consideration of the following: size, weight, speed,
      and operational capability, proximity to airports and populated areas, and operation
     '"ithin VLOS. -

     An equal level of safety will be achieved with the operational limitations established in
      this document for all Monarch Inc., Monarch Ag flights. Specifically that all flights will
      occur within VLOS of the PIC and Safety Observe~ at an altitude ofless than 400 ft.
     AGL, and only over designated agricultural plots. As a result the Monarch Ag can safely
     operate without creating a h37..ard to any other aircraft, people, or structures on the
     ground. The combination of the Monarch Ag's safe operational history in United States
     and small, lightweight design, in conjunction with Monarch Inc.'s safety requirements
     and operating limitations, results in a safer alternative for aerial imagery collection.

     b. 91.7 (a)- Civil Aircraft Ai.nvorthincss

     91.7 (a) states that "no person may operate a civil aircraft unless it is in an airworthy
     condition". Monarch Inc. is already seeking exemption for airworthiness certifi.cationand
     thus no FAA standard will exist for determining airworthiness. As a result Monarch l.nc.

                  1519 N. Norma Street I Ridgecrest, CA 93555 I 760.660.6779 1mono rchmckers.com
02/17/2015 07:57 7503844071  RIDGECREST AREA AOR  PAGE 05/08

  Monarch
                         inc

seeks ·full exemption fro.m this regulation. Monarch Jnc. wHl achie"Ve an equal level of
 safety by using Monarch User Manual and Inspection and Maintenance Requirements.
 Our documentation contains pre-flight protocols for each flight, safety checks, and
comprehensive maintenan.ce procedures.

 c. 91.9 {b)- Civil Aircraft Flight Manual jn the Aircraft

91.9 (b) states that no person may operate an aircraft unless there is a current approved
flight manual for theaircraft onboard. The Monarch Ag's small and lightweight design .is
not physically capable of ca.rryi.rig an aircraft flight manual onboard. In addition, the
Monarch Ag is wunanned, and the PIC is located at the grotmd control station. Monarch
Inc. thus seeks exemption from the requirement to carry the aircraft flight manual
onboard. Monarch Inc. instead proposes that the Monarch User Manual and Justification
of AirWorthiness Document, which contain information normally folind in an aircraft
flight manual, be kept at the ground control station where it is readily assessable to the
PIC and Safety Observer for reference.

d. 91.103- Preflight Action

91.103 requires that the PIC be famiHar with specific information before each flight such .
as weather, forecast, and fuel rcquir~ments. In addition to this the PJC must be familiar
with information found within the approved flight man.ual relating to aircraft perfo.nnance
and takeoff and landing distances. Due to the fact that the Monarch Ag bas no FAA-
approved flight manual Monarch Inc. seeks exemption from this regulation. Monarch Inc.
proposes to use the Monarch User Manual and Justification of Airworthiness Document
in lieu of an FAA-approved flight manual. These two Monarch publications have
extensive pre-flight checklists that include re\<iewing weather, power/battery
requirements, takeoff and landing, and aircraft performance data The information found
in the Monarch User Manual and Justification for Airworthin.ess Document is comparable
to the information found in a FAA-approved flight manual, to include a comprehensive
step-by-step pre-flight checklist. As a result an equal level of safety will be maintained by
the· PIC using these two publications~ which addresses the items listed in 91.103.

e. 91 ..119- Minimum Safe Altitude

91.119 establishes the minimum altitude that civil aircraft may safely operate at. 91.119
(c) specifically states that over "other than congested areas" a civil aircraft cannot operate
below an "altitude of 500 feet above the surface, except over open water or sparsely
populated areas (and) in those cases, the aircraft may not be operated closer than 500 feet
to any person, vessel, vehicle, or structure". The sole function of the Monarch Ag is to fly
at low altitudes over agricultural plotc; which can be categorized a<; "other than congested

           1519 N. Norma Street I Ridgecrest, CA 93555/760.660.6779/ monorchmakers.com
02/17/2015 07:57 7503844071                    RIDGECREST AREA AOR                            PAGE 05/08

                                                                    .....··

.,Monarch
                                          InC

area-,". Small UASs like the Monarch Ag are, by design, flown at altitudes of less than
400 ft AGL. Monarch Inc. has established operating limitations to achieve the highest
level of safety, specifically that the Monarch Ag will not operate above 400 ft AGL and
that the Monarch Ag will remain within VLOS of the PIC and Safety Observer. For these

will Agreasons Monarch Inc. seeks exemption from this regulation. An equivalent level of safety
     be maintained by only operating the Monarch over designated farming sites..

f. 91.121 -Altimeter Settings

91.121 requires aircraft to maintain a cruising level or flight level in reference to a current
reported altimeter setting. The Monarch Ag is not equipped with a programmable

altimeter but rather determines location and altitude via an onboard GPS and barometer.
Since the Monarch Ag will be operating below 400 ft AGL, there is no need _to maintain
hemispherical cruising altitudes for de-confliction with manned aircraft. For these
reasons Mon~rch Inc. seeks exemption from this regulation. An equal level of safety ""ill
be achieved through the Monarch Ag's GPS and barometer, which provide altitude and

location data to the PIC via the ground control station. An automatic pre-flight test is

done to v:erify functionality of the GPS and barometer prior to operations. If at any time
during flight there is a failure of the GPS or barometer, the Monarch Ag will initiate an
_emergency procedure to return to its original takeoff location. By operating below 400 ft.
AGL, the Monarch Ag will not create a hazard to any manned aircraft maintaining
hemispheric cruising altjtudcs based on a current altimeter setting.

g. 91.151 (a)- Fuel Requirements for Flight in VFR Conditions

91.151 (a) states that no person may begin a flight in Day VFR conditions unless there is

enough fuel to fly to the intended landing point an9 fly for 30 minutes after that point is

reached. The Monarch Ag is battery operated and does not carry fuel. It has a maximum
flight time of 45 minutes on a fully charged battery. Complia.J:lce with the reg-ulation
would leaye the Monarch Ag less than 15 minutes of flight time. Monarch Inc. seeks full

exemption from this rebrulation due to the fact that the risk or danger associated with

orfailing to reach a safe landing point with 30 minutes extra "fuel" does not exist with

the Monarch Ag. The Monarch Ag does not have to return to a "landing point" hut rather
can be safely put down anywhere over the agricultural plot.

An equal level of safety wil1 be maintained simply by the fact that lhe Monarch Ag is
designed to safely land anywhere over the agricultural plot in the event that the battery is
exhausted. Any risk associated with battery duration (fuel) in relationship to Hight time is
mitigated by the fact that Monarch Ag has the ability to land anywhere and at any given
time.

h. 91..203 (a) & (b)- Civil Aircraft: Certifications Requirements

1519 N. Norma Street I Ridgecrest. CA 93555 I 760.660.6779 I monarchmakers.com
                                                         RIDGECREST AREA AOR                         PAGE 07/08

                                                                                 .......·

    Monarc'1
                         rnc

91.203 requires all civil aircraft to have "within it. ..an appropriate and current

airworth1ness certificate" that must be "displayed at the cabin or cockpit entrance so that

is legible to passengers or crew". Monarch lnt:. is already seeking exemption from the

airworthiness certificate regulation and thus requires an exemption from this regulation.

In  addition  the  Monarch  Ag  due  to  its  size  and  design  has  no  cabin  or  cock.pit,  and

                                                                                 .

therefore does not have the ability to anix or carry certification or regi~iration documents.

Furthermore the Monarch Ag does .not carry any passengers or crew for whom the

certificate is required to be displayed. Monarch Inc. proposes that any FAA-required

documents he kept at the ground control station and that a small placard be affixed to the

Monarch Ag airframe 'Nith manufacture, registration, and contact information. An equal

level of safety will be achieved by having any FAA-required documents located at the

ground control station where it will be readily accessible to the PIC and any other

agencies that may require the information.

Gr-anting an Exemption that is in the .Public Interest

The Monarch Ag is a safe, efficient, and an economical alternative to manned, fixed-\ving
aircraft that are currently being used to conduct aerial imaging of agricultural plots. Using

the Monarch Ag in lieu of atrad.itional manned, fixed wing aircraft will result in the

overall reduction of low-flying manned aircraft in the NAS, ea.sing the burden on Air
Traffic Controllers. Because the Monarch Ag can takeoff and land on-site and operate at

an altitude tinder 400ft AGL within VLOS of the PIC. the.re is no need for ATC to

provide coordination during ground movement., takeoff, departure, transit, arrival, or
landing phases of flight. As the. skies over the United States get busier and busier, any
efforts that case the stress on the Air Traffic Control.system is ofbenefit to the public.

The Monarch Ag is electrically powered, which decreases air pollution and noise. The
electric motor will be exponentially quieter than a twin-engine combustion rnotor on
pa<;senger aircrall typica.lly used to conduct aerial imaging. A manned aircraft typically

burns 20-30 lbs of aviation fuel per hour, polluting the air not only over the site but over

the path of transit and around the airport. Conducting aerial imaging with the Monarch
J\g in lieu of a manned aircraft would thus greatly reduce both air pollution and noise
pollut1on,. which .is of great benefit to the .public.

Using the Monarch Ag would also greatly reduce risk to life and property on the ground.
lbc Monarch Ag's small size, reduced weight, and foam cocoon pose little hazard to
people or structures on the ground as compared to a manned twin engine aircraft, which
ha-:; a much greater potential for damage to life and property in the event of an accident.
The Monarch Ag is unmanned and as a result poses no risk a-;sociated wHh piJoting an
aircraft. Overall the Monarch Ag provides a much safer alternative to manned, fixed-

    1519 N. Norma Street I Ridgecrest, CA 93555 I 760.660.6779 I mona rchmakers.com
  Monarch
                        inc
wingaircraft operations for the purpose of collecting aerial imagery.

Lastly using the Monarch Ag to provide ae.rial imagery would result in agricultural
economic gro"Wih. High-resolution data generated from Monarch Ag flights would
provide scientists \1\-ith invaluable information on biomass estimation, yield monitoring,
leaf area indexing, and overal1 crop health. By analyzing thjs data scientists can make
modifications to a wide range of variables that will m~mize crop yields. More efficient
crops would allow the U.S. to generate more food for stateside consumption but also
increase the amount of crops that can be exported to foreign countries. The major
increase in economic growth in the agricultural industry would energize the U.S.
economy, which in turn would be of great benefit to the public.

In accordance with the procedural requirements of 14 C.F.R. §11.81, Monarch, Inc

provides the following information regarding our point of contact:

Eileen Shibley, CEO
Monarch Inc.

1519 N. Nonna St
Ridgecrest CA~ 93555
(760) 660-6779

Please contact me directly Vvith any questions regarding this request for exemption.

Regards,

AP...~~~i; (JEileen Shibley v ~-/1

                                                           J

CEO.

      lS19 N. Normo Street I Ridgecrest. CA 93555/760.660.67791 monarchmokers.com
