April 2, 2015

                                                          Exemption No. 11271
                                                          Regulatory Docket No. FAA-2014-0919

Mr. Tom Seidel
Monterey Drone
PO Box 1993
Monterey, CA 93942

Dear Mr. Seidel:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

The Basis for Our Decision

By letter posted to the public docket on November 7, 2014,1 you petitioned the Federal
Aviation Administration (FAA) on behalf of Monterey Drone (hereinafter petitioner or
operator) for an exemption. The exemption would allow the petitioner to operate an
unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct commercial applications for produce field
management, real estate and marketing purposes, electrical engineering inspections, and live
sporting events.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

1 By letter posted to the public docket on February 13, 2015, the petitioner responded to the FAA's request for
information."
                                                                                                                 2

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a DJI Phantom 2.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Monterey Drone is granted an exemption from
14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c),
91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to
the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.
                                                                                                                 3

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Monterey Drone is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom 2
         when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any
         other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC must
         be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
         documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
         Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
         limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
         the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
                                                                                                            4

    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update or
    revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then the
    operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's UAS
    Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding updates or
    revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g. replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g. inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and aircraft
    components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer safety
    bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Colombia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
                                                                                                            5

    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current FAA-
    published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a pre-
    determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification (N-
                                                                                                               6

       Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must be
       as large as practicable.

   23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
       any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
       PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating. These
       documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
       official upon request.

   24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
       activities at all times.

   25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

   26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
       persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
          a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
             from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
             that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
             where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
             the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
             of nonparticipating persons; and
          b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
             for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
             the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
             present an undue hazard.

       The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
       nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

   27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
       permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
       Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
       obtained for each flight to be conducted.

   28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
       boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
       to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
       reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
       contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.
                                                                                                                 7

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.

This exemption terminates on April 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service
 Monterey Drone
 P.O. Box 1993
 Monterey CA, 93942

tom@montereydrone.com I john@montereydrone.com

 FAA
 Docket Management Facility
 U.S. Department of Transportation
 1200 New Jersey Avenue, SE
 West Building, Ground Floor, Room W12-140
 Washington, DC 20590

 Dear Exemption Manager,

 We are submitting our Petition for Exemption for Unmanned Aircraft Systems operations. We currently
are both experienced UAS pilots with over 1350 combined flight hours and Tom Seidel is An FAA
 licensed private pilot, since 1982.

Tom is also an active participant in approved FAA training classes for recognized educational hours
through the FAA, with whom he is a member.

 In addition we did notice, as part of our work on a COA application that a current FAA approved
ground school course completion is desired within the last 24 months John is currently completing that
 requirement again at this time. We take the skills and education for safe operation of UAS, very
seriously.

(

Our request is for a waiver of the sections identified below in an effort to operate a UAS in use of
commercial applications for produce field management, Real Estate and Marketing Purposes, Electrical
 Engineering Inspections and live sporting events.

This request specifically serves the public and economic interest to aide in the areas stated above.
The granting of this exemption would make logical sense because of our professional approach to UAS
operations, our clear understanding of FAA rules, our awareness of operational and restricted airspace,
our experience as pilots, as well as our ongoing FAA approved educational activities, and our attitude
of safety first when it comes to flight operations.

We believe with the granting of this exemption and the additional operational experience we will gain
from flight operations that we will be able to have a much larger impact for the future of UAS. More
flight experience now will be invaluable for us to assist the general public in the future as they embark
into UAS operations.

There is much work to be done in developing the best use of UAS in the public. The coursework and
training for best use of the UAS, best operational utilization, best role for the UAS pilot, etc. has yet to be
developed in the general public arena. We would like to play a role in that development but we need
more operational flight experience with the public to do that. This exemption would allow us to get that
real world experience.

We are currently seeking exemption of:
Section of 14 CFR: parts 21 Subpart H, 27, 45.23(b), 45.27(a), 61.113(a) and (b), 61.133(a),
91.7(a), 91.9(b)(2), 91.103, 91.109(a), 91.119, 91.121, 91.151(a), 91.203(a) and (b), 91.319(a)
(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(2), 91.417(a) and (b)
If we have erroneously omitted any other relevant section for our intended operations, please feel
Free to suggest the missing section(s).

Suggested Public Federal Register Summary:
"The petitioner is seeking an exemption to operate unmanned aircraft systems (UAS) with a
maximum weight of less than three pounds to perform Professional Marketing Services, for Electrical
Engineering, Produce Management, Real Estate and Live Sporting Events, Etc. Data gathered may include
still and moving images captured with onboard cameras."

UAS Description:
We are asking for an exemption for a UAS up to 3 pounds because we forecast we may be testing
and evaluating UAS for the public safety role. These tests would occur in a controlled environment and a
flight safe range.
The initial craft we would fly operationally, weighs less than three pounds and would be better
qualified as a hovercraft or drone.

In the event a loss of communications occurs the craft will rise up vertically to a safe height
before beginning an automatic return to home function. The control signal may be reconnected
in flight and the pilot can take over safe operations again if communication is reestablished.
However in the case of a GPS failure the craft will be able to be manually flown to a safe landing
by the pilot.

The craft operates electrically, carries no flammable fuel, has an integrated GPS pilot system,
provides location information along with height AGL, speed, battery life, has programmed no-fly
zones for controlled airports, and provides direction of travel and distance from the pilot.

Flight Operations:
We are well aware of conducting safe flight operations and planning flight paths that minimize any
overflight of crowds.

Any flight operations in town environments would typically be for close air support for very focused
events such as sporting, produce and electrical inspections, or real estate marketing. These operations
occur in a very limited area and would not need to overfly densely populated areas in general.
Operations would be more vertical in nature above the specific event.

Our proposed public safety UAS operations are typically conducted at low altitudes less than 400
Feet AGL (within Class G airspace), not over crowds, and not near airports. Flights will end when
battery reserve reaches 25 percent. Operations will not occur under IFR conditions.

In addition, preflight and post-flight checklists and UAS examinations will help detect any abnormalities
prior to flight and after flight. Any UAS unable to satisfy safety checklists will be removed from service
until the issue can be resolved. Granting this request would not adversely affect safety since operations
would be in accordance with current UAS rules.
Section 333 Compliance and Appropriateness:
Based on the size of the craft, experience of the pilot, and operational goals, this request
appears to be well suited for approval using the criteria outlined in Section 333 of the FAA
Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 and will move safe flight operations forward in
accordance with the intent of Section 333.

Ongoing Efforts:
We are also keenly aware of the new issues involved in UAS public safety operations and would
greatly like to assist public safety departments to fly with commonsense and safety first in mind.
Many departments I've seen are under the misperception small UAS craft are toys, which they
are not. With your help we hope to obtain this exemption in order to use my exempted flight
experience to help any agencies get off on the right foot, learn what they don't know, and help
them to move forward to operate safer while they utilize the UAS.

Sincerely,
