September 15, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12853
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA-2015-2666

Mr. Michael C. Lindberg
Attorney for Mosher Thomas L.L.C.
780 Northland Plaza
3800 American Boulevard West
Minneapolis, MN 55431-4459

Dear Mr. Lindberg:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated June 5, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of Mosher Thomas L.L.C. (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption. The
petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct aerial
surveying, search and rescue, new construction management, land management, surveillance,
and aerial photography.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner are the Blade 350 QX and Walkeria Tali H500.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
                                                                                                                 2

provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

· They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

· The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

· A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Mosher Thomas L.L.C. is granted an exemption from
14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c),
91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to
the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                             3

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Mosher Thomas L.L.C. is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the Blade 350 QX and
    Walkeria Tali H500 when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed
    operations of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this
    exemption.

2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
    not permitted.

3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
    exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
    compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
    airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
    aircraft manufacturer.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
    electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
    must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
    required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
                                                                                                            4

    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.
                                                                                                            5

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.
                                                                                                            6

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

    The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
    nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
    reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
    contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.
                                                                                                                 7

 If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
 television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                                                 8
This exemption terminates on September 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.
Sincerely,
/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
                                           United States of America
                                         Department of Transportation
                                       Federal Aviation Administration

                                                Washington, D.C.

Regulatory Docket No. ____________

                               PETITION FOR THE EXEMPTION OF:
                                        MOSHER THOMAS L.L.C.

FROM THE REQUIREMENTS OF 14 C.F.R. Part 21, §§43.3, 43.5, 91.107, 91.9, 91.119,
91.151, 91.203 (a) and (b), 91.405, 91.407, and 91.409, CONCERNING OPERATIONS OF
UNMANNED AIRCRAFT SYSTEMS OVER THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA,
PURSUANT TO SECTION 333 OF THE FAA MODERNIZATION AND REFORM ACT
OF 2012

Submitted June 5, 2015     JOHNSON & LINDBERG, P.A.

                           Michael C. Lindberg
                           Attorney for Mosher Thomas L.L.C.
                           780 Northland Plaza
                           3800 American Boulevard West
                           Minneapolis, MN 55431-4459
                           (952) 851- 0700
                           Direct: (952) 956-6200
                           mlindberg@johnsonlindberg.com

                        i
                                               Table of Contents
                                                                                                     Page

Glossary and Abbreviations............................................................................................................1
Summary .........................................................................................................................................2
Introduction and Interests of Petitioner...........................................................................................2
Equipment and Aircraft...................................................................................................................2
Basis for Petition.............................................................................................................................6
The Petitioner..................................................................................................................................6
FAR Exemptions Sought, Extent, and Reasons..............................................................................6
Why Grant of Exemption Would be in Public Interest ............................................................... 12
Why Grant of Exemption Would not Adversely Affect Safety....................................................12
Summary for Federal Register ..................................................................................................... 13

                                                               II
ADM       Abbreviations
AGL   Aeronautical Decision Making
ATC   Above Ground Level
FAA   Air Traffic Control
FAR   Federal Aviation Administration
GCS   Federal Aviation Regulation
GHz   Ground Control Station
LZ    Gigahertz
MTI   Landing Zone
NAS   Mosher Thomas Industries L.L.C
NM    National Airspace System
PIC   Nautical Mile
POH   Pilot In Command
RAIM  Pilots Operating Handbook
§333  Receiver Autonomous Integrity Monitoring
SIC   FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012, Section 333
SMS   Second In Command
SOG   Safety Management System
UAS   Standard Operating Guidelines
UA    Unmanned Aircraft System
UAV   Unmanned Aircraft
VFR   Unmanned Aircraft Vehicle
VLOS  Visual Flight Rules
VMC   Visual Line Of Sight
VO    Visual Meteorological Condition
      Visual Observer

                    1
                                                   SUMMARY

Mosher Thomas Industries L.L.C. seeks exemption from the requirements of §14 C.F.R. Part 21
and 14 C.F.R. §43.3, §43.5, §61.113(a) & (b), §61.133(a), §91.9(b)(2), §91.119 , §91.151(a),
§91.203(a) & (b), §91.405(a),§91.407(a)(1), §91.409(a)(2), and §91.417(a). This exemption will
permit Mosher Thomas Industries L.L.C (MTI) to operate Unmanned Aircraft Systems (UAS) in
the National Airspace System (NAS) while keeping any required documents by regulation at the
ground control station (GCS) and within immediate accessibility of the pilot in command (PIC).
In addition, this exemption will also permit MTI L.L.C. to operate UAS with the required aircraft
markings as large as possible. Furthermore, this exemption will permit MTI L.L.C. to operate
UAS without airworthiness certificates for its UAS.

                  INTRODUCTION AND INTERESTS OF THE PETITIONER

Mosher Thomas Industries L.L.C. (hereinafter MTI) is a company established by three pilots.
One pilot was a Lieutenant Colonel in the Air Force Reserve in Duluth, Minnesota. With a career
in the military for over 20 years, he flew F-16s, T-38s, MQ-1s, MQ-9s and served as a military
instructor. He has logged many hours as PIC in the military for UAS and has worked as an
instructor at the University of North Dakota in its UAS program. He is currently employed at
Northrop Grumman as a test pilot in a UAS project. The other two pilots are graduates of Lake
Superior College in the professional helicopter program, where they received training on the
procedures of UAS launch and recovery, data uplink and downlink, rules and regulations and
aeronautical decision making. All three pilots hold a current Class Two medical certificates
granted by a FAA medical examiner.

MTI intends to use UAS in the NAS with a well-formulated and strictly-enforced set of
guidelines and protocols in making the integration of UAS in the NAS as safe as, if not safer
than, current manned aircraft. As set forth in this petition, MTI seeks to operate its Blade 350 QX
and Walkeria Tali H500 for purposes of aerial surveying, search and rescue, new construction
management, land management, surveillance, and aerial photography.

                                     EQUIPMENT AND AIRCRAFT

Unmanned Aircraft System: Blade 350 QX

MTI seeks exemption to operate a Blade 350 QX UAS for compensation or hire within the NAS.
The Blade 350 QX, pictured below at Figure 1, is a VTOL (vertical takeoff and landing) UAS
with skid type landing gear. It is powered by a lithium polymer battery that runs four electric
Multistar brushless motors that are capable of producing flight for a total of approximately 15
minutes. The Blade 350 QX weighs less than 4 pounds with the camera and gimbal attached. It
has dimensions of 18.3 inches by 18.3 inches by 5.43 inches. It is operated by a Spektrum DX5e
transmitter, pictured below at figure 2, that transmits on the 2.4 GHz bandwidth.

                                                               2
                                     Figure 1: The Blade 350 QX

                                   Figure 2: The DX5e Transmitter
The Blade 350 QX is capable of flying in three different modes:

                                                               3
     Smart Mode (Green Mode) - This mode provides a position hold when control inputs are
         at a neutral position, utilizing a self-leveling feature which brings the Blade 350 QX to a
         level attitude. The altitude is relative to throttle position. In this mode, it is considered to
         be a "tethered UAV," meaning that when the operator pushes the control stick away from
         him/her, the Blade 350 QX will move away from the operator regardless of the direction
         the front is facing.

     Stability Mode (Blue Mode) ­ This mode is similar to Smart Mode, but instead of moving
         as if it were "tethered", the Blade 350 QX will follow control inputs based on the
         orientation of the UAV. In this mode it has all of the functions that Smart Mode offers.

     Agility Mode (Red Mode) ­ This mode is will never be used in any circumstance and to
         ensure this, the transmitter is programmed to only operate in Smart mode and Stability
         Mode.

Lost Link Facts and Procedures

The Blade 350 QX has flashing light sequences and series of beeps to indicate lost link from
transmitter and GPS signal lost. If the Blade 350 QX loses GPS signal during flight, it will
default to "Stability Mode" and still will allow the operator to continue to operate the UAV. The
Blade 350 QX has a safety feature built into the software that utilizes a GPS signal to
automatically land if the UAV loses transmitter signal. Upon losing a transmitter signal, the
Blade 350 QX will do one of five options. If the motors are not turning, the 350 QX will disarm.
When the motors are turning but the Blade 350 QX is not flying, it will turn of the motors and
disarm. If the Blade 350 QX is flying and has a good GPS lock with a home position set, it will
activate the "Return Home" function upon the loss of the transmitter signal. "Return Home" is
set prior to flight and is the location where the Blade 350 QX takes off from. If the compass is
not connected or faulty, or if there is no GPS lock, the Blade 350 QX will descend slowly upon
the loss of transmission signal. If the pressure sensor is not working, the Blade 350 QX will
reduce power to initialize a controlled descent upon the loss of transmission signal. MTI will
ensure that GPS signal will be available based off of location and time by doing a RAIM
(Receiver Autonomous Integrity Monitoring) check before every flight at the location and time
of proposed flight. MTI has done its own research into lost link procedures and capabilities of
the Blade 350 QX. MTI will ensure before every flight, that should a lost link between the Blade
350 QX and the transmitter happen and when a lost link procedure is initiated, that it will do
harm to people or property on its way back the LZ (Landing Zone). MTI will never fly indoors
and under dense vegetation. To ensure that the Blade 350 QX will not have a faulty internal
compass, MTI will recalibrate the compass as stated in the manufacturer manual.

Proven Operation History of the Blade 350 QX

MTI has operated the Blade 350 QX at a test site in Northern Minnesota underneath 400 AGL,
not within 5 NM of any airport or runway, and not in a populated area. MTI has flown over 50
hours on the DX5e transmitter and Blade 350 QX with more than 250 battery cycles on two 2200
mah and two 3000 mah lithium polymer batteries. MTI has been accident free with the Blade
350 QX from October 10, 2014 to the present in all practice phases of flight.

                                                               4
Unmanned Aircraft System: Tali H500
The Tali H500 operation is substantially similar to that of the Blade 350 QX. MTI will fully
comply with the manufacturer's operations manual. It is pictured below at Figure 3. The Devo
F12E transmitter is pictured below at Figure 4.

                                           Figure 3: The Tali H500

                                   Figure 4: The Devo F12E Transmitter
                                                               5
                                           BASIS FOR PETITION

Pursuant to the provisions of the Federal Aviation Regulations (14 C.F.R. §11.61) and the FAA
Modernization and Reform Act of 2012, Section 333, Special Rules for Certain Unmanned
Aircraft Systems, Petitioner Mosher Thomas Industries L.L.C. hereby petitions the Administrator
for an exemption from the requirements of §14 C.F.R. Part 21 and 14 C.F.R. §43.3, §43.5,
§61.113(a) & (b), §61.133(a), §91.9(b)(2), §91.119, §91.151(a), §91.203(a) & (b), §91.405(a),
§91.407(a)(1), §91.409(a)(2), and §91.417(a). In accordance with 14 C.F.R. §11.81, MTI
provides the following information in support of its petition for exemption:

     A. Name and Address of Petitioner

                  Mosher Thomas Industries L.L.C.
                  115 Summer Street South
                  Pierz, Minnesota 56364

                  The point of contact is:
                  Mackenzie A. Thomas
                  115 Summer Street South
                  Pierz, Minnesota 56364
                  Tel: 320-237-4522
                  Email: mathomas6976@hotmail.com

     B. Federal Aviation Regulations From Which MTI Seeks Exemption

              1. MTI Seeks Exemption from the Requirements Of Part 21 for the Blade
                   350QX and Tali H500

                  In accordance with Section 333 of the FAA Modernization Act of 2012 and 14
                  C.F.R. §21.16, Special Conditions, MTI seeks to exempt the Blade 350 QX and
                  Tali H500 UAS from the restricted category airworthiness certification specified
                  in 14 C.F.R. §21.185, or the requirement to have a certificate of airworthiness
                  issued, as contemplated by 14 C.F.R. part 21. Section 21.185, entitled Issue of
                  airworthiness certificates for restricted category aircraft, states the following in
                  part:

                        (a) Aircraft manufactured under a production certificate or type certificate.
                             An applicant for the original issue of a restricted category airworthiness
                             certificate for an aircraft type certificated in the restricted category, that
                             was not previously type certificated in any other category, must comply
                             with the appropriate provisions of § 21.183.

                  Extent and Reason Relief is Sought: MTI requests to be exempt from the
                  airworthiness certificate requirement for the Blade 350 QX and the Tali H500
                  because the FAA has not yet type certificated either UAS. MTI proposes that for
                  the purpose of conducting commercial operations, there will be a Safety
                  Management System (SMS) in place and specific Standard Operating Guidelines
                  (SOGs).

                                                               6
2. MTI Seeks Exemption From The Requirements Of §43.3, Persons
    Authorized to Perform Maintenance, Preventive Maintenance, Rebuilding, and
    Alterations. Subsection (b) states:

        (b) The holder of a mechanic certificate may perform maintenance,
             preventive maintenance, and alterations as provided in Part 65 of this
             chapter.

   Extent and Reason Relief is Sought: Relief is requested because there are no
   FAA certified mechanics to do maintenance on the Blade 350 QX or Tali H500.
   MTI has a Chief Technical Officer who does all in-house maintenance. The Chief
   Technical Officer is a rated Private Pilot. Therefore MTI proposes that the Chief
   Technical Officer will be the individual that will sign the Blade 350 QX and Tali
   H500 for a return to service.

3. MTI Seeks Exemption From The Requirements Of §43.5, Approval For
    Return To Service After Maintenance, Preventative Maintenance, Rebuilding,
    Or Alteration. Section 43.5 states:

        No person may approve for return to service any aircraft, airframe, aircraft
        engine, propeller, or appliance, that has undergone maintenance, preventive
        maintenance, rebuilding, or alteration unless--
        (a) The maintenance record entry required by §43.9 or §43.11, as

             appropriate, has been made;
        (b) The repair or alteration form authorized by or furnished by the

             Administrator has been executed in a manner prescribed by the
             Administrator; and
        (c) If a repair or an alteration results in any change in the aircraft operating
             limitations or flight data contained in the approved aircraft flight manual,
             those operating limitations or flight data are appropriately revised and set
             forth as prescribed in §91.9 of this chapter.

   Extent and Reason Relief is Sought: Relief is requested because MTI has a
   Chief Technical Officer who signs off each UAS after maintenance as airworthy
   before it is returned to service. MTI utilizes log books for the Blade 350 QX and
   the Tali H500. All maintenance logs books will be dated, describe the
   maintenance performed, and be signed by the Chief Technical Officer. MTI
   proposes that all maintenance log books will be kept in the GSC, where the PIC
   will have access to them.

4. MTI Seeks Exemption From The Requirements Of §91.107, Use Of Safety
    Belts, Shoulder Harnesses, And Child Restraint Systems. Section 91.107 states:

        (a) Unless otherwise authorized by the Administrator--
             (1) No pilot may take off a U.S.-registered civil aircraft... unless the
             pilot in command of that aircraft ensures that each person on board is

                                               7
             briefed on how to fasten and unfasten that person's safety belt and, if
             installed, shoulder harness.
             (2) No pilot may cause to be moved on the surface, take off, or land a
             U.S.- registered civil aircraft... unless the pilot in command of that
             aircraft ensures that each person on board has been notified to fasten his
             or her safety belt and, if installed, his or her shoulder harness.

   Extent and Reason Relief is Sought: MTI seeks full relief from requirement of
   §91.107 because there is no pilot or other person on board the Blade 350 QX or
   Tali H500, so there is no need for any crewmember or person to wear a seatbelt or
   shoulder harness.

5. MTI Seeks Exemption From The Requirements Of §91.9, Civil Aircraft
    Flight Manual, Marking, And Placard Requirements. Section 91.9 states:
        (a) Except as provided in paragraph (d) of this section, no person may
             operate a civil aircraft without complying with the operating limitations
             specified in the approved Airplane or Rotorcraft Flight Manual,
             markings, and placards, or as otherwise prescribed by the certificating
             authority of the country of registry.
        (b) No person may operate a U.S.-registered civil aircraft--
             (1) For which an Airplane or Rotorcraft Flight Manual is required by
             §21.5 of this chapter unless there is available in the aircraft a current,
             approved Airplane or Rotorcraft Flight Manual or the manual provided
             for in §121.141(b); and
             (2) For which an Airplane or Rotorcraft Flight Manual is not required by
             §21.5 of this chapter, unless there is available in the aircraft a current
             approved Airplane or Rotorcraft Flight Manual, approved manual
             material, markings, and placards, or any combination thereof.
        (c) No person may operate a U.S.-registered civil aircraft unless that aircraft
             is identified in accordance with part 45 of this chapter.

   Extent and Reason Relief is Sought: MTI seeks relief from section 91.9 because
   the Blade 350 QX and the Tali H500 weigh under ten pounds and cannot carry the
   approved Airplane Flight Manual onboard. Since the Blade 350 QX and Tali
   H500 are unmanned aircraft, MTI proposes the following conditions and
   limitations to its request for exemption from section 91.9:

             The Flight Manual for each UAS will be in reach of the PIC at the GCS during
             all flights, where it will readily available for reference by the PIC or any aircrew
             or ground crew member.

6. MTI Seeks Exemption From The Requirements of §91.119, Minimum Safe
    Altitudes: General. Section 91.119 states:

        Except when necessary for takeoff or landing, no person may operate an
        aircraft below the following altitudes:

                                               8
        (a) Anywhere. An altitude allowing, if a power unit fails, an emergency
             landing without undue hazard to persons or property on the surface.

        (b) Over congested areas. Over any congested area of a city, town, or
             settlement, or over any open air assembly of persons, an altitude of 1,000
             feet above the highest obstacle within a horizontal radius of 2,000 feet of
             the aircraft.

        (c) Over other than congested areas. An altitude of 500 feet above the
             surface, except over open water or sparsely populated areas. In those
             cases, the aircraft may not be operated closer than 500 feet to any person,
             vessel, vehicle, or structure.

   Extent and Reason Relief is Sought: Full relief is requested because MTI cannot
   fly at least 500 feet AGL, or 1000 feet above the highest obstacle within 2000 feet
   horizontally due to the FAA restrictions on UAS, limiting flight above 400 feet
   AGL.

7. MTI Seeks Exemption From The Requirements Of §91.151, Fuel
    Requirements For Flight In VFR Conditions. Section 91.151 states:

        (a) No person may begin a flight in an airplane under VFR conditions unless
             (considering wind and forecast weather conditions) there is enough fuel
             to fly to the first point of intended landing and, assuming normal cruising
             speed--
             (1) During the day, to fly after that for at least 30 minutes; or
             (2) At night, to fly after that for at least 45 minutes.

        (b) No person may begin a flight in a rotorcraft under VFR conditions unless
             (considering wind and forecast weather conditions) there is enough fuel
             to fly to the first point of intended landing and, assuming normal cruising
             speed, to fly after that for at least 20 minutes.

   Extent and Reason Relief is Sought: MTI seeks full relief because the Blade
   350 QX and the Tali H500 do not use fuel to operate. Since they operate with
   battery power, MTI proposes the following limitations and conditions to its
   request for exemption from Section 91.151:

             MTI will land immediately at the designated LZ when the battery power reaches
             25%.

8. MTI Seeks Exemption From The Requirements Of §91.203 (a) and (b), Civil
    Aircraft: Certifications Required. Section 91.203 states:

        (a) Except as provided in §91.715, no person may operate a civil aircraft
             unless it has within it the following:
             (1) An appropriate and current airworthiness certificate. Each U.S.
             airworthiness certificate used to comply with this subparagraph (except a
             special flight permit, a copy of the applicable operations specifications
             issued under §21.197(c) of this chapter, appropriate sections of the air
             carrier manual required by parts 121 and 135 of this chapter containing

                                               9
             that portion of the operations specifications issued under §21.197(c), or
             an authorization under §91.611) must have on it the registration number
             assigned to the aircraft under part 47 of this chapter. However, the
             airworthiness certificate need not have on it an assigned special
             identification number before 10 days after that number is first affixed to
             the aircraft. A revised airworthiness certificate having on it an assigned
             special identification number, that has been affixed to an aircraft, may
             only be obtained upon application to an FAA Flight Standards district
             office.
             (2) An effective U.S. registration certificate issued to its owner or, for
             operation within the United States, the second copy of the Aircraft
             registration Application as provided for in §47.31(c), or a registration
             certification issued under the laws of a foreign country.
        (b) No person may operate a civil aircraft unless the airworthiness certificate
             required by paragraph (a) of this section or a special flight authorization
             issued under §91.715 is displayed at the cabin or cockpit entrance so that
             it is legible to passengers or crew.

   Extent and Reason Relief is Sought: MTI requests full exemption from 91.203
   (a) and (b) because the Blade 350 QX and Tali H500 fully loaded weigh no more
   than 55 lbs and are operated without an onboard pilot. As such, there is no ability
   or place to carry certification and registration documents or to display them on the
   UAS. An equivalent level of safety will be achieved by keeping these documents
   at the ground control point where the pilot flying the UAS will have immediate
   access to them.

9. MTI Seeks Exemption From The Requirements Of §91.405, Maintenance
    Required. Section 91.405 states:
        Each owner or operator of an aircraft--

        (a) Shall have that aircraft inspected as prescribed in subpart E of this part and
             shall between required inspections, except as provided in paragraph (c) of
             this section, have discrepancies repaired as prescribed in part 43 of this
             chapter;

        (b) Shall ensure that maintenance personnel make appropriate entries in the
             aircraft maintenance records indicating the aircraft has been approved for
             return to service;

        (c) Shall have any inoperative instrument or item of equipment, permitted to
             be inoperative by §91.213(d)(2) of this part, repaired, replaced, removed,
             inspected at the next required inspection; and

        (d) When listed discrepancies include inoperative instruments or equipment,
             shall ensure that a placard has been installed as required by §43.11 of this
             chapter.

   Extent and Reason Relief is Sought: MTI seeks relief from §91.405, §91.407,
   and §91.409 because there are no FAA certified mechanics to do inspections on
   the Blade 350 QX and Tali H500. MTI proposes that the Chief Technical Officer
   will do all maintenance on the Blade 350 QX and Tali H500 in accordance with

                                              10
   the manufacturer's manual. The Chief Technical Officer holds a private pilot's
   license and is one of the owners/operators. MTI will maintain maintenance log
   books and will due a full inspection every 50 hours of operation on the UASs.

10. MTI Seeks Exemption From The Requirements Of §91.407, Operation After
    Maintenance, Preventative Maintenance, Rebuilding, Or Alteration. Section
    91.407 states:

        (a) No person may operate any aircraft that has undergone maintenance,
             preventive maintenance, rebuilding, or alteration unless--

             (1) It has been approved for return to service by a person authorized under
             §43.7 of this chapter; and

             (2) The maintenance record entry required by §43.9 or §43.11, as
             applicable, of this chapter has been made.

        (b) No person may carry any person (other than crewmembers) in an aircraft
             that has been maintained, rebuilt, or altered in a manner that may have
             appreciably changed its flight characteristics or substantially affected its
             operation in flight until an appropriately rated pilot with at least a private
             pilot certificate flies the aircraft, makes an operational check of the
             maintenance performed or alteration made, and logs the flight in the
             aircraft records.

        (c) The aircraft does not have to be flown as required by paragraph (b) of this
             section if, prior to flight, ground tests, inspection, or both show
             conclusively that the maintenance, preventive maintenance, rebuilding, or
             alteration has not appreciably changed the flight characteristics or
             substantially affected the flight operation of the aircraft.

   Extent and Reason Relief is Sought: See description in paragraph 9,
   above.

11. MTI Seeks Exemption From The Requirements of Section §91.409 (a) and
    (b), Inspections. Section 91.409 (a) and (b) state:

        (a) Except as provided in paragraph (c) of this section, no person may
             operate an aircraft unless, within the preceding 12 calendar months, it
             has had--

             (1) An annual inspection in accordance with part 43 of this chapter and
             has been approved for return to service by a person authorized by §43.7
             of this chapter; or

             (2) An inspection for the issuance of an airworthiness certificate in
             accordance with part 21 of this chapter. No inspection performed under
             paragraph (b) of this section may be substituted for any inspection
             required by this paragraph unless it is performed by a person authorized
             to perform annual inspections and is entered as an ``annual'' inspection
             in the required maintenance records.

                                              11
                  (b) Except as provided in paragraph (c) of this section, no person may
                       operate an aircraft carrying any person (other than a crewmember) for
                       hire, and no person may give flight instruction for hire in an aircraft
                       which that person provides, unless within the preceding 100 hours of
                       time in service the aircraft has received an annual or 100- hour inspection
                       and been approved for return to service in accordance with part 43 of this
                       chapter or has received an inspection for the issuance of an airworthiness
                       certificate in accordance with part 21 of this chapter. The 100- hour
                       limitation may be exceeded by not more than 10 hours while en route to
                       reach a place where the inspection can be done. The excess time used to
                       reach a place where the inspection can be done must be included in
                       computing the next 100 hours of time in service.

            Extent and Reason Relief is Sought: See description in paragraph 9,
            above.

C. The Reasons Why Granting MTI's Request Would Be In The Public Interest; That
    Is, How It Would Benefit The Public As A Whole.

   Low-altitude UAS flights take the place of inherently more hazardous manned operations
   to do aerial photography, search and rescue, crop management, surveillance and land
   management, thus producing a net safety benefit. MTI is capable of producing a level of
   safety that is equal to, or safer than, manned aircraft. With no fuel on board and weighing
   less than ten pounds, there is less physical potential for collateral damage to life and
   property on the ground and in the air than a manned aircraft. The Blade 350 QX and the
   Tali H500 UASs are battery powered, which is more safe, more economical, and more
   efficient than current manned aircraft that use combustible fuels. This will help reduce
   levels of air and noise pollution compared to having a manned aircraft conduct the same
   missions. An exemption allowing MTI to use the UASs in the NAS will be a step in the
   direction of greatly reducing air traffic and congestion at airports, since the Blade 350
   QX and Tali H500 do not need to take-off or land at an airport.

   MTI's use of UASs in the NAS would contribute to economic growth of the United
   States by filling the increasing need for aerial inspection and photography. Approval of
   UASs will allow for new companies to emerge and create competition in the market,
   which will ultimately make services less expensive for the public.

D. The Reasons Why Granting The Exemption Would Not Adversely Affect Safety, Or
    How The Exemption Would Provide A Level Of Safety At Least Equal To That
    Provided By The Rule From Which You Seek The Exemption.

    The UASs will be operated by licensed pilots in strict compliance with the terms of the
    conditions and limitations imposed by the FAA, the Federal Aviation Regulations, the
    manufacturers' manuals, and the applicant's Safety Management System (SMS) and
    specific Standard Operating Guidelines (SOGs). Airworthiness will be assured by
    inspections performed by a knowledgable Chief Technical Officer. Hazards to personnel
    on board aircraft are eliminated completely.

                                                        12
E. A Summary That Can Be Published In The Federal Register

MTI seeks exemption from:
        14 C.F.R. Part 41
        14 C.F.R. 43.3
        14 C.F.R. 43.5
        14 C.F.R. 61.113
        14 C.F.R. 61.133
        14 C.F.R. 91.9
        14 C.F.R. 91.119
        14 C.F.R. 151
        14 C.F.R. 91.203 (a) & (b)
        14 C.F.R. 91.405
        14 C.F.R. 91.407
        14 C.F.R. 91.409

This exemption will permit Mosher Thomas Industries L.L.C.to operate an Unmanned
Aircraft System.

                                        Respectfully submitted,
                                        JOHNSON & LINDBERG, P.A.

Submitted June 5, 2015

                                        s/ Michael C. Lindberg

                                        Michael C. Lindberg
                                        Attorney for Mosher Thomas L.L.C.
                                        780 Northland Plaza
                                        3800 American Boulevard West
                                        Minneapolis, MN 55431-4459
                                        (952) 851- 0700
                                        Direct: (952) 956-6200
                                        mlindberg@johnsonlindberg.com

                                    13
