June 17, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 11841
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­0529

Mr. Mark E. McKinnon
Mr. Matthew J. Clark
Counsel for Motown Digital, LLC
McKenna Long and Aldridge LLP
1676 International Drive, Penthouse
McLean, VA 22102

Dear Messrs. McKinnon and Clark:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated February 25 and June 10, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation
Administration (FAA) on behalf of Motown Digital, LLC (hereinafter petitioner or operator)
for an exemption. The exemption would allow the petitioner to operate an unmanned aircraft
system (UAS) to conduct aerial photography and cinematography, primarily for use in the
video production industry.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a DJI Spreading Wings S900.
                                                                                                                 2

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection and closed set motion picture and
filming. The FAA has issued grants of exemption in circumstances similar in all material
respects to those presented in your petition. In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus
Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352), 11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and
11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the
enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned aircraft (UA) with the specifications described
by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or crew, rather than a manned aircraft of
significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA
good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Motown Digital, LLC is granted an exemption from
14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c),
91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to
the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data
collectionand closed set motion picture and filming. This exemption is subject to the
conditions and limitations listed below.
                                                                                              3

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Motown Digital, LLC is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Spreading
    Wings S900 when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed
    operations of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this
    exemption.

2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
    permitted.

3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
    exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
    compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
    airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
    aircraft manufacturer.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.

    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
    electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
    must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
    required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
                                                                                                            4

    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    Government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.
                                                                                                            5

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least 5 minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.
                                                                                                            6

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

    The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
    nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
    reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
    contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.
                                                                                                                 7

 If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
 television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                    8

This exemption terminates on June 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.
Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service
..

                                     STEVE LEHTO
                                      Attorney at Law

                                      Motown Digital
                           6689 Orchard Lake Rd::- Suite 121

                              West Bloomfield Ml48322 ·

                                                              Phone (248) 546-6626

                                                                Fax (248) 556-4456
                                                               Lehto@Kennon.com

    United States Department of Transportation
    Docket Management System
    1200 New Jersey Ave., SE
    West Building Ground Floor Room Wl2-140
    Washington, DC 20590

    February 25, 2015

              Re: Exemption Request Pursuant To Section 333 of the FAA Reform Act of2012

    Dear Sir or Madam:

              I represent Motown Digital, LLC, a Michigan Limited Liability Company doing business
    as Motown Digital ("Motown"). I am writing pursuant to the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of
    20121 (the "Reform Act") and the procedures contained in 14 C.F.R. 11, to request that Motown, an
    owner and operator of small unmanned aircraft, be exempted from the Federal Aviation Regulations
    ("FARs") listed below so that Motown may operate its small unmanned aircraft I lightweight unmanned
    aircraft systems ("UAS") commercially in airspace regulated by the Federal Aviation Administration
    ("FAA'').

              As described herein, Motown is the leader in capturing high definition, film quality aerial
    cinematography with small, unmanned aircraft and lightweight UASs. It is the only company in this
    region that has publicly shown its ability to carry film quality camera systems, like the Blackmagic
    Design Cinema Camera , on a stable UAS platform operated by FAA private pilots. Motown has equipped
    each of its small unmanned aircraft for aerial photography and cinematography, primarily for use in the
    video production industry, though given their stability and maneuverability, they may be used for other
    cinematography, by law enforcement personnel and by other first responders. Motown's UASs are the
    most advanced remote control aircraft being used for these purposes and they are already highly regarded
    by noteworthy experts in the field of unmanned rotorcraft, as well as feature film and video content
    providers.

              Motown operates in the economically distressed metro Detroit region of Michigan. Its objective is to
    provide cost effective aerial video systems that can be used to promote our region, support our municipalities,
    and provide businesses tools needed to aid them in much needed business development and job creation
    efforts. Motown digital's CEO is a licensed private pilot with intimate knowledge of our region's airspace.
    Motown's UAV operations and build out is being conducted with the consultation of a local UAV expert with
    decades of model and UAV aircraft experience. Motown would now like permission to fly its UASs
    commercially in the United States to capture aerial video and cinematography to help revitalize our
    economically challenged region.

    1 112 P.L. 95 (2012).
U.S. Dep't ofTransp.
June 16, 2014
Page 2 of7

          Motown's exemption request would permit its operation of lightweight, unmanned (piloted by
remote control) and comparatively inexpensive UASs in tightly controlled and limited airspace.
Predetermined, specifically marked areas of operation, cordoned off locations and corresponding
enhancements to current safety controls will allow Motown to operate within current safety parameters.
Currently, similar lightweight, remote controlled UAS's are legally operated by amateurs with no flight
experience, safety plan or controls in place to prevent accidents. It seems only logical to allow
Motown's experienced remote control pilots, technicians and safety crew to operate similar lightweight
UASs. This will act to further safety protocols specific to lightweight UASs as Motown acquires
flight data and other information gained through permitted flight operations.

          Granting Motown's request comports with the Secretary of Transportation's (FAA
Administrator's) responsibilities to not only integrate UASs into the national airspace system, but to
" ... establish requirements for the safe operation of such aircraft systems [UASs] in the national airspace
system" under Section 333(c) of the Reform Act. Further, Motown will conduct its operations in
compliance with the protocols described herein or as otherwise established by the FAA.

          For the reasons stated below, Motown respectfully requests the grant of an exemption allowing it
to operate lightweight, remote controlled UAS's.

1. Motown's Contact Information:

          Motown Digital
          6689 Orchard Lake Road, 121
          West Bloomfield, MI 48322
          248-990-3675 I 877-669-1290
          E-Mail: dave@motowndigital.com

2. The Specific Sections of Title 14 ofthe Code ofFederal Regulations From Which Motown
          Requests Exemption are:

          14 CFR 21;
          14 C.F.R. 45.23(b);
          14 CFR 61.113 (a) & (b);
          14 C.F.R. 91, et seq.;
          14 CFR 407 (a) (1);
          14 CFR 409 (a) (2); and,
          14 CFR 417 (a) & (b).
U.S. Dep't of Transp.
June 16, 2014
Page 3 of7

3. The Extent of Relief Motown Seeks and the Reason It Seeks Such Relief:

Motown submits this application in accordance with the Reform Act, 112 P.L. 95 §§ 331-334, seeking
relief from any currently applicable FARs operating to prevent Motown's contemplated commercial
cinematic, video, and other flight operations within the national airspace system. The FAA has the
authority to issue the exemption sought by Motown pursuant to the Federal Aviation Act, 85 P.L. 726
(1958), as amended (the act").

           The Reform Act in Section 332 provides for such integration of civil unmanned aircraft
systems into our national airspace system as it is in the public's interest to do so. Motown's lightweight
UASs meet the definition of "small unmanned aircraft" as defined in Section 331 and therefore the
integration of Motown's lightweight UASs are expressly contemplated by the Reform Act. Motown
would like to operate its lightweight UASs prior to the time period by which the Reform Act requires the
FAA to promulgate rules governing such craft.

          The Reform Act guides the Secretary in determining the types of UASs that may operate safely in
our national airspace system. Considerations include:

                    The ~gpt, size, sp::lXl and overall capibilities ofthe UAS;

               \\beth!r the UAS vvill re qxyated near aii]Xrts cr -p:pulated areas; and,

                     \\beth!r the UAS vvill be qxyated by line ofsight

112 P.L. 95 § 333 (a). Each of these items militates in favor of an exemption for Motown.

         Motown's UASs utilize 4 to 8 counter-rotating propellers for extreme balance, control and
stability. They each weigh less than 25 pounds, including cinematic or other equipment. Each of Motown's
small unmanned aircraft are designed to primarily hover in place and operate at less than a
50 knot maximum speed. They are capable of vertical and horizontal operations but operate only within the
line of sight of the remote control pilot. Motown operations include both pilot and photographer thus
allowing the pilot to act as PIC and focus attention completely on piloting the UAV. The pilot has it's one
control mechanism a unique back up camera as an emergency aid to navigation. All pilot operations are strictly
visual line of site. In addition to the remote control pilot, Motown uses a photographer with a secondary
control mechanism. The photographer manages the primary cinema camera. A third operator, our Safety
Officer is also always on site. All Motown flights are managed by a 3 person
crew at all times.

         Utilizing battery power, flights generally last between five and twenty minutes. Motown does not
operate its UASs with less than twenty five percent battery capaclty. Safety systems in place include a GPS
mode that allows Motown's UASs to hover in place if communication with the radio control pilot is
lost and then slowly descend the UAS at twenty five percent battery capacity. Further, Motown's fleet
may be programmed, in some instances, to slowly follow a predetermined set of waypoints to return to a
safety point if communications are lost.

         Motown does not operate its UASs near airports and never in Class B, C, or D airspace and
generally does not operate them near populated areas. To date, Motown has only operated its fleet in a
non commercial manner in compliance with all FAA regulations. Motown has not engaged in any commercial
operations. These operations have been in predetermined areas and only in compliance with well regarded
safety protocols and under the direction of those with years of non commercial UAV and model aircraft
experience.

         Motown's operation of its fleet of small unmanned aircraft will not "create a hazard to users of the
national airspace system or the public." 112 P.L. 95 § 333 (b). Given the small size and weight of
,.

              U.S. Dep't of Transp.
              June 16, 2014
              Page 4 of7

              Motown's UASs, combined with their operation in cordoned off and well-controlled areas, Motown's fleet
              falls within Congress's contemplated safety zone when it promulgated the Reform Act and the corresponding
              directive to integrate UASs into the national airspace system. Indeed, Motown's UASs have a
              demonstrable safety record and do not pose any threat to the general public or national security.

                       4. How Motown's Request Will Benefit the Public As A Whole:

                        Granting Motown's exemption request furthers the public interest. Motown intends to produce
              video content promoting the Southeastern Michigan region and potentially other regions that are facing
               catastrophic economic conditions. Cinema quality video provides a unique perspective and tool that will aid in
              the region's community based, municipal, and commercial organizations in promoting much-needed business
               development.

                          Additionally, Congress has already pronounced that it is in the public's interest to integrate
              commercially flown UASs into the national airspace system, hence the passing of the Reform Act.
               Second, Motown conducts research into safe UAS operations every time it flies one of its UASs. Flight
               data, visual inspections, recorded observations and flight analyses are compiled to further enhance current
               safety protocols. Allowing Motown to log more flight time directly relates to its ability to fmiher
               enhance current safety measures. Third, the public has an interest in reducing the danger and
               emission associated with current aerial cinematic capture methods, namely, full size helicopters.
              Motown's UASs are battery powered and create no emissions. If a Motown UAS crashes there is no
               fuel to ignite and explode. The impact of Motown's lightweight UASs is far less than a full size
              helicopter, notwithstanding the statistically noteworthy safety record of full size helicopters used in
               motion picture and video capture. The public's interest is furthered by minimizing ecological and crash
               impacts by permitting motion picture and video capture through Motown's lightweight UASs.

                         Progression of the arts and sciences has been fundamental to our society since its inclusion in the
               United States Constitution. Indeed, Congress mandated the integration of UASs into our national
               airspace system, in part, to achieve progression in this noteworthy, and inevitable, field. Permitting
               Motown to immediately fly within the United States furthers these goals. Whether it is the amalgam of
               scientific discoveries applicable to feature film making (including those drawing upon architecture,
               physics, engineering and cultural inclusiveness) to advancements in publicly usable technologies or
               advancements in equipment available to law enforcement personnel I first responders that does not cost
               millions of dollars, granting Motown's exemption request substantially furthers the public's interest in
               ways known and currently unknown.

               5. Reasons Why Motown's Exemption Will Not Adversely Affect Safety or How The
                         Exemption Will Provide a Level of Safety At Least Equal To Existing Rule:

                         Motown's exemption will not adversely affect safety. Quite the contrary, for the reasons stated,
               supra, permitting Motown to log more flight time in FAA controlled airspace will allow Motown to innovate
               and implement new and novel, as of yet undiscovered safety protocols. In addition, Motown submits
               the following representations of our current aerial video and cinimatic capture techniques:

                                   Motown's UASs weigh less than 25 pounds complete with HD picture quality
                                   cameras like the Blackmagic Design Cinema Camera;

                         · Motown only operates its UASs below 400 feet;

                                   Motown's UASs only operate for 5-20 minutes per fiight;

                                   Motown lands its UASs when they reach 25% battery power;

                                   Motown's PIC's are FAA licensed private pilots with valid 3rd class medical certificates;
U.S. Dep't ofTransp.
June 16, 2014
Page 5 of7

          · Motown's PIC's operate Motown's UASs only by line of sight;

                    Motown's PIC's have video backup should they somehow lose sight ofthe UAS;

          · Motown staffs each flight with a PIC, photographer, and safety officer with
                    communication systems enabling real time communication between them;

                    Motown's UASs have GPS flight modes whereby they hover and then slowly land if
                    communication with PIC mechanism is lost or battery power is below 25%;

                    Motown actively analyses electronic flight data and other sources of information to
                    constantly update and enhance safety protocols;

                    Motown's CEO is a FAA licensed private pilot and conducts a regimented training
                    program with the assistance ofUAV/Model aircraft experts with decades of experience;

                    Motown only operates in quarantined areas that are outside of Class B, C, and D airspace,
                    are at least 2 miles away from airports in other airspace;

          · Motown conducts extensive briefings prior to flight, during which safety carries
                    primary importance with all flights conducted under the suppervison of an on site safety
                    officer;

                    Motown always obtains all necessary permissions prior to operation; and,

                    Motown has procedures in place to abort flights in the event of safety breaches or
                    potential danger.

          Motown's safety protocols provide a level of safety at least equal to existing rules, and in nearly
every instance, greater than existing rules. It is important to note that absent the integration of
commercial UASs into our national airspace system, helicopters are the primary means of aerial motion
picture capture. While the safety record of such helicopters is remarkably astounding, it is far safer to
operate a battery powered lightweight UAS. First, the potential loss of life is diminished because UASs
carry no people on board and Motown only operates them in specific areas away from mass populations.
Second, there is no fuel on board a UAS and thus the potential for fire or explosions is greatly diminished.
Third, the small size and extreme maneuverability of Motown's UASs allow our remote control pilots to
avoid hazards. Lastly, given their small size and weight, even when close enough to capture amazing
images, Motown's UASs need not be so close to the objects they are focused on.

          6. A Summary The FAA May Publish in the Federal Register:

                    A. 14 C.F.R. 21 and 14 C.F.R. 91: Airworthiness Certificates, Manuals and the Like.

         14 C.F.R. 21, Subpart H, entitled Airworthiness Certificates, sets forth requirements for
procurement of necessary airworthiness certificates in relation to FAR § 91.203(a)(l). The size, weight
and enclosed operational area of Motown's UASs permits exemption from Part 21 because Motown's
UASs meet an equivalent level of safety pursuant to Section 333 of the Reform Act. The FAA is
authorized to exempt aircraft from the airworthiness certificate requirement under both the Act (49 U.S.C.
§ 44701 (f)) and Section 333 of the Reform Act. Both pieces of legislation permit the FAA to exempt
UASs from the airworthiness certificate requirement in consideration of the weight, size, speed,
maneuverability and proximity to areas such as airports and dense populations. Motown's UASs meet or
exceed each of the elements.

         14 C.F.R. 91.7(a) prohibits the operation of an aircraft without an airworthiness certificate. As no
such certificate will be applicable in the form contemplated by the FARs, this Regulation is inapplicable.
U.S. Dep't of Transp.
June 16, 2014
Page 6 of7

         14 C.F.R. § 91.9 (b) (2) requires an aircraft flight manual in the aircraft. As there are no pilots or
passengers, and given the size of the UASs, this Regulation is inapplicable. An equivalent level of safety
will be achieved by maintaining a manual at the flight operations center. The FAA has previously issued
exemptions to this regulation in Exemption Nos. 8607, 8737, 8738, 9299, 9299A, 9565, 9565B, 10167,
10167A, 10602, 10700 and 32827.

         14 C.F.R. § 91.121 regarding altimeter settings is inapplicable insofar as Motown's UASs utilize
electronic global positioning systems and internal gyroscopes to provide spatial coordination.

         14 C.F.R. § 91.203 (a) and (b) provides for the carrying of civil aircraft certifications and
registrations. They are inapplicable for the same reasons described above. The equivalent level of safety
will be achieved by maintaining such certifications and registrations at the Motown's flight operations
center.

                     B. 14 C.F.R. § 45.23: Marking ofthe Aircraft.

          Applicable Codes of Federal Regulation require aircraft to be marked according to certain
specifications. Motown's UASs are, by definition, unmanned. They therefore do not have a cabin,
cockpit or pilot station on which to mark certain words or phrases. Further, two-inch lettering is difficult to
place on such small aircraft. Regardless, Motown will mark its UASs in the largest possible lettering by
placing the word "EXPERIMENTAL" on its fuselage as required by 14 C.F.R. §45.29 (f) so that the
pilot, technician, spotter and others working with the UAV will see the markings. The FAA has
previously issued exemptions to this r~gulation through Exemptions Nos. 8738, 10167, 10167A and 10700.

                     C. 14 C.F.R. § 61.113: Private Pilot Privileges and Limitations: PIC.

          Pursuant to 14 C.F.R. §§ 61.113 (a) & (b), private pilots are limited to non-commercial
operations. Motown can achieve an equivalent level of safety as achieved by current Regulations
because Motown's UASs do not carry any pilots or passengers. Further, while helpful, a pilot license
will not ensure remote control piloting skills, though Motown's pilot vetting and training programs will.
Further, private pilot licensees with demonstrated knowledge ofthe National Airspace System will operate
Motown's UASs with the same skill. Further, the risks attendant to the operation of Motown's UASs
is far less than the risk levels inherent in the commercial activities outlined in 14 C.F.R. § 61, et ~
Thus, allowing Motown to operate its UASs with a private pilot as the pilot in control will exceed current
safety levels in relation to 14 C.F.R. §61.113 (a) & (b).

                     D. 14 C.F.R. 91.119: Minimum Safe Altitudes.

           14 C.F.R. § 91.119 prescribes safe altitudes for the operation of civil aircraft. It allows
helicopters to be operated at lower altitudes in certain conditions. Motown's UASs will never operate at
an altitude greater than 400 AGL. Motown will, however, operate its UASs in cordoned off areas with
security perimeters, providing a level of safety at least equivalent to those in relation to minimum safe
altitudes. Given the size, weight, maneuverability and speed of Motown's UASs, an equivalent level of
safety will be achieved.

                     E. 14 C.F.R. 91.405 (a); 407 (a) (1); 409 (a) (2); 417(a) & (b): Maintenance Inspections.

           The above-cited Regulations require, among other things, aircraft owners and operators to
"have [the] aircraft inspected as prescribed in subpart E of this part and shall between required
inspections, except as provided in paragraph (c) of this section, have discrepancies repaired as
U.S. Dep't ofTransp.
June 16, 2014
Page7of7

prescribed in part 43 of this chapter...."

          These Regulations only apply to aircraft with an airworthiness certificate. They will not,
therefore, apply to Motown should its requested exemption be granted. Motown conducts an extensive
maintenance program that involves regular software updates and curative measures for any damaged
hardware. Therefore, an equivalent level of safety will be achieved. This is particularly true insofar as
Motown has researched and developed its own designs.

                     F. Summary

          Motown seeks an exemption from the following Regulations: 14 C.F.R. 21, subpart H; 14 C.F.R.
45.23(b); 14 C.F.R. §§ 61.113 (a) & (b); 14 C.F.R. § 91.7 (a); 14 C.F.R. § 91.9 (b)(2); 14 C.F.R. §
91.103(b); 14 C.F.R. § 91.109; 14 C.F.R. § 91.119; 14 C.F.R. § 91.121; 14 C.F.R. § 91.151(a); 14 C.F.R.
§§ 91.203(a) and (b); 14 C.F.R. § 91.405 (a); 14 C.F.R. § 91.407 (a)(l); 14 C.F.R. § 91.409 (a)(2); 14
C.F.R. § 91.409 (a)(2); and, 14 C.F.R. §§ 91.417 (a) & (b) to commercially operate its fleet of small
unmanned vehicles and lightweight unmanned aircraft vehicles in motion picture or television operations,
to conduct its own research and to develop economic platforms for law enforcement I first responders.

          Granting Motown's request for exemption will reduce current risk levels and thereby enhance
safety. Currently, video and motion picture image capture relies primarily on the use of larger
aircraft running on combustible fuel. Motown's craft do not contain potentially explosive fuel, are
smaller, lighter and more maneuverable than conventional motion picture aircraft. Further, Motown
operates at lower altitudes and in controlled areas. Motown has been analyzing flight data and other
information in compiling novel safety protocols and the implementation of a flight operations manual
that exceeds currently accepted means and methods of safe flight.

          There are no people on board Motown's UASs and therefore the likelihood of death or serious
bodily injury is significantly limited. Motown's operation of its UASs, weighting less than 25 pounds
and travelling at speeds lower than 50 knots in cordoned off areas will provide at least an equivalent level
of safety as that achieved under current FARs.

          Accordingly, Motown respectfully requests that the FAA grant its exemption request without
delay.
