May 14, 2015

                                                          Exemption No. 11581
                                                          Regulatory Docket No. FAA-2014-0874

Mr. Paul J. Fraidenburgh
Counsel for Mountain High Aviation, LLC
Buchalter Nemer
18400 Von Karman Avenue, Suite 800
Irvine, CA 92612

Dear Mr. Fraidenburgh:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

The Basis for Our Decision

By letter dated October 20, 2014, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA)
on behalf of Mountain High Aviation, LLC (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an
exemption. The petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to
conduct aerial surveying, remote sensing, precision agriculture, aerial filmmaking and
photography, public entity support operations, utility system inspections and patrolling,
construction site inspection and monitoring, wildlife and forestry monitoring, educational and
research operations, flare stack inspection, and pipeline inspection and patrolling.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.
                                                                                                2

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner are the DJI S-1000, DJI Phantom 2, Riegl RiCopter, and
ARF-MikroKopter OktoXL.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection. The FAA has issued grants of

exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or

crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in

addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled

by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

· They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

· The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

· A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Mountain High Aviation, LLC is granted an exemption
from 14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a),
91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a)
and (b), to the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data
collection. This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.
                                                                                          3

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Mountain High Aviation, LLC is hereafter referred to as
the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the are the DJI S-1000,
    DJI Phantom 2, Riegl RiCopter, and ARF-MikroKopter OktoXL when weighing less
    than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any other aircraft will
    require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
    not permitted.

3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
    exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
    compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
    airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
    aircraft manufacturer.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
    electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC must
    be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
    required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
                                                                                                            4

    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update or
    revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then the
    operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's UAS
    Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding updates or
    revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g. replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g. inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and aircraft
    components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer safety
    bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.
                                                                                                            5

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current FAA-
    published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a pre-
    determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.
                                                                                                            6

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification (N-
    Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must be
    as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating. These
    documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

    The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
    nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
    reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
    contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.
                                                                                                                 7

 If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
 television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.

This exemption terminates on May 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service
                                                           18400 VON KARMAN AVENUE, SUITE 800 IRVINE, CALIFORNIA 92612-0514
                                                           TELEPHONE (949) 760-1121 / FAX (949) 720-0182

                                                                                                                  Direct Dial Number: (949) 224-6247
                                                                                                           Direct Facsimile Number: (949) 224-6407
                                                                                                    E-Mail Address: pfraidenburgh@buchalter.com

                                            October 20, 2014

U.S. Department of Transportation
Docket Management System
1200 New Jersey Ave., SE
Washington, DC 20590

           Mountain High Aviation, LLC's Petition for Exemption to Operate
                                Small Unmanned Aircraft Systems

                                       FAA Regulatory Docket

NAME AND ADDRESS OF PETITIONER COUNSEL FOR PETITIONER

Mountain High Aviation, LLC         Paul J. Fraidenburgh
Attn: Joseph Hovelman               BUCHALTER NEMER
445 Dead Indian Memorial Drive      18400 Von Karman Ave, Suite 800
Ashland, OR 97520                   Irvine, CA 92612
541.552.5150                        949.224.6247
joseph.hovelman@mthighaviation.com  pfraidenburgh@buchalter.com

                   Buchalter Nemer
Los Angeles · Irvine · San Francisco · Scottsdale

                 www.buchalter.com
October 20, 2014
Page 2
I. PETITION SUMMARY

        Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012,
Pub. L. No. 112-95 (2012), 126 Stat. 11 ("Section 333") and the Federal Aviation
Administration's ("FAA") general exemption authority under 49 U.S.C. § 44701(f),
Mountain High Aviation, LLC ("Petitioner") hereby petitions for exemptions from 14
C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H (Airworthiness Certificates), 14 C.F.R. Part 27 (Airworthiness
Standards: Normal Category Rotorcraft), 14 C.F.R. §§ 91.7(a), 91.9(b)(2), 91.103(b)(1),
91.109(a), 91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151, 91.203(a) and (b), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1)
91.409(a)(2), and 91.417(a)-(b). The proposed exemptions, if granted, would allow
Petitioner to conduct commercial operations of small unmanned aircraft systems ("UAS")
weighing 55 pounds or less.

        Based on the small size of Petitioner's UAS, the qualifications and experience of
Petitioner's pilot, and the limited environments within which Petitioner will operate, the
requested exemptions fall squarely within the zone of safety envisioned by Congress and
set forth in Section 333. Additionally, the enhanced safety achieved by replacing
significantly larger manned aircraft carrying crew and flammable fuel with small UAS
carrying no passengers or crew and operated under the specific guidelines and procedures
proposed by Petitioner gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operations enabled
by the instant Petition are in the public interest. Thus, the requested exemptions should
be granted.

                                                                    Buchalter Nemer
                                                Los Angeles · Irvine · San Francisco · Scottsdale

                                                                  www.buchalter.com
October 20, 2014
Page 3
II. BACKGROUND

        Petitioner is a multifaceted technology company that holds an FAA Part 135
Certificate and provides a broad range of remote sensing and aviation solutions to a
variety of industries and government agencies. Petitioner seeks to build on its years of
successful and safe operations and leverage its aviation skills and knowledge to offer the
widest possible range of UAS services in a manner that is consistent with the intent of
Congress in enacting Section 333. Petitioner seeks the requested exemptions and a
Certificate of Authorization to permit Petitioner to offer on-demand commercial UAS
operations for a host of industries and applications including:

        · Aerial surveying
        · Remote sensing
        · Precision agriculture
        · Aerial filmmaking and photography
        · Public entity support operations
        · Utility system inspections and patrolling
        · Construction site inspection and monitoring
        · Wildlife and forestry monitoring
        · Educational and research operations
        · Flare stack inspection, and
        · Pipeline inspection and patrolling

                                                                    Buchalter Nemer
                                                Los Angeles · Irvine · San Francisco · Scottsdale

                                                                  www.buchalter.com
October 20, 2014
Page 4

        Petitioner's team of pilots and technical experts have extensive experience in
remote sensing, aviation, data collection, information technology, project management,
and mechanical engineering. Petitioner's approach to UAS integration is aimed at
building on Petitioner's preexisting infrastructure for operating within the National
Airspace System ("NAS"), including, to the greatest extent possible, adopting
Petitioner's safe operations procedures for Petitioner's Part 135 and special missions
operations. This will allow Petitioner to fully integrate with the established systems that
govern all air operations, whether conducted under Part 91 or Part 135.
III. STATUTORY AUTHORITY

        A. Section 333
        Section 333, titled "Special Rules for Certain Unmanned Aircraft Systems,"
provides a mechanism for seeking expedited FAA authorization of safe civil UAS
operations in the NAS. Section 333(a) states that the FAA "shall determine if certain
unmanned aircraft systems may operate safely in the national airspace system before
completion of the [comprehensive] plan and rulemaking required by section 332(b)(1) of
this Act or the guidance required by section 334 of this Act." In Section 332(b)(1),
Congress made it clear that Section 333 provides a mechanism for "expedited operational
authorization."
        Section 333(b) identifies several factors that the FAA should consider in
determining whether commercial UAS operations should be approved. These include
UAS that, "as a result of their size, weight, speed, operational capability, proximity to

                                                                    Buchalter Nemer
                                                Los Angeles · Irvine · San Francisco · Scottsdale

                                                                  www.buchalter.com
October 20, 2014
Page 5
airports and populated areas, and operation within visual line of sight do not create a
hazard to users of the [NAS] or the public or pose a threat to national security." See
Section 333(b).

        B. Section 44701(f)
        In addition to the specific authority conferred by Section 333, the FAA
Administrator has general authority to grant exemptions from the FAA's safety
regulations and minimum standards when the Administrator decides a requested
exemption is in the public interest. See U.S.C. § 44701(f).
IV. REQUESTED EXEMPTIONS
        Petitioner requests relief from the following regulations:
        Part 21 prescribes, in pertinent part, the procedural requirements for issuing and
changing design approvals, production approvals, airworthiness certificates, and
airworthiness approvals.
        Part 27 sets forth airworthiness standards for normal category rotorcraft.
        Section 91.7(a) prescribes, in pertinent part, that no person may operate a civil
aircraft unless it is in an airworthy condition.
        Section 91.9(b)(2) prohibits operation of U.S. registered civil aircraft unless there
is available in the aircraft a current approved Airplane or Rotorcraft Flight Manual,
approved manual material, markings, and placards, or any combination thereof.

                                                                    Buchalter Nemer
                                                Los Angeles · Irvine · San Francisco · Scottsdale

                                                                  www.buchalter.com
October 20, 2014
Page 6

        Section 91.103(b)(1) prescribes, in pertinent part, that each pilot in command
shall, before beginning a flight, become familiar with all available information
concerning that flight, to include, "For any flight, runway lengths at airports of intended
use, and the following takeoff and landing distance information:... For civil aircraft for
which an approved Airplane or Rotorcraft Flight Manual containing takeoff and landing
distance data is required, the takeoff and landing distance data contained therein."

        Section 91.109(a) provides that "[n]o person may operate a civil aircraft (except a
manned free balloon) that is being used for flight instruction unless that aircraft has fully
functioning dual controls."

        Section 91.119(c) prescribes that, except when necessary for takeoff or landing, no
person may operate an aircraft below the following altitudes: "Over other than congested
areas. An altitude of 500 feet above the surface, except over open water or sparsely
populated areas. In those cases, the aircraft may not be operated closer than 500 feet to
any person, vessel, vehicle, or structure."

        Section 91.121 requires, in pertinent part, each person operating an aircraft to
maintain cruising altitude by reference to an altimeter that is set "to the elevation of the
departure airport or an appropriate altimeter setting available before departure."

        Section 91.151(a) prescribes that no person may begin a flight in an airplane under
VFR conditions unless (considering wind and forecast weather conditions) there is
enough fuel to fly to the first point of intended landing and, assuming normal cruising

                                                                    Buchalter Nemer
                                                Los Angeles · Irvine · San Francisco · Scottsdale

                                                                  www.buchalter.com
October 20, 2014
Page 7
speed, (1) during the day, to fly after that for at least 30 minutes; or (2) at night, to fly
after that for at least 45 minutes.

        Section 91.203 prohibits, in subpart (a), any person from operating a civil aircraft
unless it has within it (1) an appropriate and current airworthiness certificate; and (2) an
effective U.S. registration certificate issued to its owner or, for operation within the
United States, the second copy of the Aircraft Registration Application as provided for in
§ 47.31(c). Section 91.203 prescribes, in subpart (b), that no person may operate a civil
aircraft unless an airworthiness certificate or a special flight authorization issued under §
91.715 legible to passengers or crew is displayed at the cabin or cockpit entrance.

        Section 91.405(a) requires, in pertinent part, that an aircraft operator or owner
shall have the aircraft inspected as prescribed in subpart E of the same part and shall,
between required inspections, except as provided in paragraph (c) of the same section,
have discrepancies repaired as prescribed in Part 43 of the chapter.

        Section 91.407(a)(1) prohibits, in pertinent part, any person from operating an
aircraft that has undergone maintenance, preventative maintenance, rebuilding, or
alteration unless it has been approved for return to service by a person authorized under
§ 43.7 of the same chapter.

        Section 91.409(a)(2) prescribes, in pertinent part, that no person may operate an
aircraft unless, within the preceding 12 calendar months, it has had an inspection for the
issuance of an airworthiness certificate in accordance with part 21 of this chapter.

                                                                    Buchalter Nemer
                                                Los Angeles · Irvine · San Francisco · Scottsdale

                                                                  www.buchalter.com
October 20, 2014
Page 8

        Section 91.417(a) and (b) prescribes, in pertinent part, that-
                (a) Each registered owner or operator shall keep the following records
                         for the periods specified in paragraph (b) of this section:
                         (1) Records of the maintenance, preventative maintenance, and
                                 alteration and records of the 100-hour, annual, progressive,
                                 and other required or approved inspections, as appropriate,
                                 for each aircraft (including the airframe) and each engine,
                                 propeller, rotor, and appliance of an aircraft. The records
                                 must include-
                                 (i) A description (or reference to data acceptable to the
                                          Administrator) of the work performed; and
                                 (ii) The date of completion of the work performed; and
                                 (iii) The signature, and certificate number of the person
                                          approving the aircraft for return to service.
                         (2) Records containing the following information:
                                 (i) The total time in service of the airframe, each engine,
                                          each propeller, and each rotor.
                                 (ii) The current status of life-limited parts of each
                                          airframe, engine, propeller, rotor, and appliance.

                                                                    Buchalter Nemer
                                                Los Angeles · Irvine · San Francisco · Scottsdale

                                                                  www.buchalter.com
October 20, 2014
Page 9

                                 (iii) The time since last overhaul of all items installed on
                                          the aircraft which are required to be overhauled on a
                                          specified time basis.

                                 (iv) The current inspection status of the aircraft, including
                                          the time since the last inspection required by the
                                          inspection program under which the aircraft and its
                                          appliances are maintained.

                                 (v) The current status of applicable airworthiness
                                          directives (AD) and safety directives including, for
                                          each, the method of compliance, the AD or safety
                                          directive number and revisions date. If the AD or
                                          safety directive involves recurring action, the time and
                                          date when the next action is required.

                                 (vi) Copies of the forms prescribed by § 43.9(d) of this
                                          chapter for each major alteration to the airframe and
                                          currently installed engines, rotors, propellers, and
                                          appliances.

                (b) The owner or operator shall retain the following records for the
                         periods prescribed:

                                                                    Buchalter Nemer
                                                Los Angeles · Irvine · San Francisco · Scottsdale

                                                                  www.buchalter.com
October 20, 2014
Page 10

                         (1) The records specified in paragraph (a)(1) of this section shall
                                 be retained until the work is repeated or superseded by other
                                 work or for 1 year after the work is performed.

                         (2) The records specified in paragraph (a)(2) of this section shall
                                 be retained and transferred with the aircraft at the time the
                                 aircraft is sold.

                         (3) A list of defects furnished to a registered owner or operator
                                 under § 43.11 of this chapter shall be retained until the
                                 defects are repaired and the aircraft is approved for return to
                                 service.

V. PETITIONER'S PROPOSED OPERATIONS SATISFY SECTION 333.
        A. Unmanned Aircraft System
        Petitioner intends to operate several small UAS under the requested exemptions.

Thus, the following specifications and limitations apply to all UAS for which Petitioner
herein seeks an exemption.

        The UAS to be operated under this request will be less than 55 lbs. fully loaded,
will be operated at a speed of no more than 50 knots, will carry neither a pilot nor
passenger and no explosive materials or flammable liquids, and will be operated
exclusively in predetermined environments that are controlled as to access. Petitioner's
UAS will use a radio frequency spectrum for operation and control that complies with
Federal Communications Commission ("FCC") requirements, and will be operated only

                                                                    Buchalter Nemer
                                                Los Angeles · Irvine · San Francisco · Scottsdale

                                                                  www.buchalter.com
October 20, 2014
Page 11
in accordance with the procedures described in Petitioner's Flight Operations and
Procedures Manual ("FOPM").1

        Petitioner's UAS will be equipped with redundant safety mechanisms allowing

safe operation after experiencing certain in-flight failures. If a lost-link event occurs,

including the loss of ground communications and/or the loss of a GPS signal, Petitioner's

UAS will have the ability to perform a pre-coordinated, predictable, automated flight

maneuver and return to a predetermined location within a designated security perimeter

for landing. The UAS will further have the ability to abort a flight in the event of

unpredicted obstacles or emergencies. The maximum total flight time for each

operational flight will be limited to the amount of time the UAS can be flown and still

maintain a reserve battery power of no less than 25%. Thus, good cause exists for

granting Petitioner's requested relief from 14 C.F.R. § 91.151(a) (setting forth fuel

requirements for flight in VFR conditions).

        Regarding Petitioner's requested exemption from 14 C.F.R. Section 91.109(a),

UAS, by their design, typically do not have functional dual controls. Given the size and

speed of the UAS, an equivalent level of safe training can be performed without dual

controls because no pilot or passengers are aboard the UAS and all persons will be a safe

1 The FOPM will be submitted separately and confidentially under 14 C.F.R. 11.35(b), as
the manual contains proprietary information that the applicant has not and will not share
with others. The manual contains operating conditions and procedures that are not
available to the public and are protected from release under the Freedom of Information
Act, 5 U.S.C. §§ 552, et seq.

                                                                    Buchalter Nemer
                                                Los Angeles · Irvine · San Francisco · Scottsdale

                                                                  www.buchalter.com
October 20, 2014
Page 12
distance away in the event that the UAS experiences any difficulties during flight
instruction. The FAA has approved exemptions for flight training without fully
functional dual controls for a number of aircraft and for flight instruction in experimental
aircraft. See Exemption Nos. 5778K and 9862A. Thus, good cause exists for granting
the requested relief from 14 C.F.R. § 91.109(a).

        Petitioner's UAS will be identified by serial number, registered in accordance with
14 C.F.R. Part 47, and have identification (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14
C.F.R. Part 45, Subpart C. Markings will be as large as practicable.

        Regarding Petitioner's requested relief from 14 C.F.R. § 91.121 (Altimeter
Settings), Petitioner seeks such relief because Petitioner will not have a typical
barometric altimeter onboard the UAS. Instead, altitude information will be provided to
the UAS PIC via a digitally encoded telemetric data feed, which downlinks from the
aircraft to a ground-based on-screen display. The altitude information will be generated
by equipment installed onboard the UAS, using GPS triangulation, digitally encoded
barometric altimeter, radio altimeter, or any combination thereof. Prior to each flight, a
zero altitude initiation point will be established and confirmed for accuracy by the UAS
PIC. Thus, good cause exists for granting the requested relief from 14 C.F.R. § 91.121.

        Given the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft to be utilized by the applicant, an exemption from 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H
(Airworthiness Certificates), subject to certain conditions and limitations, is warranted (if

                                                                    Buchalter Nemer
                                                Los Angeles · Irvine · San Francisco · Scottsdale

                                                                  www.buchalter.com
October 20, 2014
Page 13
necessary) and meets the requirements for an equivalent level of safety under 14 C.F.R.
Part 11 and Section 333. The UAS operated without an airworthiness certificate in the
restricted environment and under the conditions and limitations proposed by Petitioner
will be at least as safe, or safer, than a conventional aircraft (fixed wing or rotorcraft)
operating with an airworthiness certificate issued under 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H, and
not subject to the proposed limitations and conditions.

        Petitioner will strictly comply with safety and maintenance procedures included in
all applicable UAS manufacturer's instructions and operating manuals. To the extent
such information is not included in the guidelines developed by the manufacturers,
Petitioners will develop and document maintenance, overhaul, replacement, and
inspection requirements, procedures to document and maintain maintenance records with
regard to Petitioner's UAS, and UAS technician qualification criteria. Petitioner's
operations manuals will include maintenance requirements for Petitioner's UAS,
including "on-condition" maintenance and modifications. In light of these mitigating
factors, exemptions from 14 C.F.R. §§ 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and
91.417(a) and (b) are warranted.

        Regarding Petitioner's requested relief from 14 C.F.R. § 91.7(a), it is Petitioner's
understanding that, in light of the operating parameters defined herein, Petitioner's UAS
may not require an airworthiness certificate in accordance with 14 C.F.R. Part 21,
Subpart H, and exemption from 14 C.F.R. § 91.7(a) may be unnecessary. See, e.g.,

                                                                    Buchalter Nemer
                                                Los Angeles · Irvine · San Francisco · Scottsdale

                                                                  www.buchalter.com
October 20, 2014
Page 14
Exemption No. 11062, Regulatory Docket No. FAA-2014-0352 (explaining no such
exemption was necessary for the requested UAS operations). To the extent such an
exemption is deemed necessary in this instance, Petitioner asserts that it should be
granted in light of the safety procedures proposed herein. In accordance with the
pertinent part of 14 C.F.R. § 91.7(b), the PIC shall be responsible for determining
whether the aircraft is in a safe condition for flight. Petitioner's manuals for maintenance
and operations shall include safety checklists to be used by the PIC prior to each flight.

        Regarding Petitioner's requested relief from 14 C.F.R. § 91.9(b)(2) (Civil aircraft
flight manual, marking, and placard requirements) and § 91.203(a) and (b), (Civil
aircraft: certifications required), it is Petitioner's understanding that relief from these
regulations is no longer necessary in light of the FAA Memorandum "Interpretation
regarding whether certain required documents may be kept at an unmanned aircraft's
control station," dated August 8, 2014. To the extent the FAA deems an exemption from
this section necessary for Petitioner's proposed operations, such exemption should be
granted in light of the mitigating fact that Petitioner will maintain the documents required
under 14 C.F.R. §§ 91.9 and 91.203 at the UAS ground control station during flights.

        B. UAS Pilot in Command
        Petitioner's UAS pilot in command (PIC) will be Petitioner's Managing Director,
Owner, CEO, and Special Missions Pilot, Joseph Hovelman. Mr. Hovelman has over 23
years of experience in the aviation industry as a research and chief pilot, director of flight

                                                                    Buchalter Nemer
                                                Los Angeles · Irvine · San Francisco · Scottsdale

                                                                  www.buchalter.com
October 20, 2014
Page 15
operations, and project manager. Mr. Hovelman's responsibilities have included
management of domestic and international flight operations utilizing fixed wing aircraft,
helicopters, pilots, and mechanics. Mr. Hovelman has been responsible for experimental
research modifications of aircraft helicopters and marine survey vessels, and has served
as Chief Pilot for production level wide area assessment and UXO data collection survey
flights throughout North America. In addition, Mr. Hovelman has served as Chief Pilot
for projects conducted on behalf of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration
("NASA"), the U.S. Department of Energy, U.S. Air Force, U.S. Navy, Stanford
Research Institute & University, as well as several other public agencies and private
companies. Highlights of Mr. Hovelman's training and certifications include:

        · Airline Transport Pilot, Multi Engine Land, Commercial Privileges with
                Instrument Rating:
                 Type rated in JS-3101/02, 850 Hrs.
                 Pilatus PC-12, 1700 Hrs.
                 King Air B200/C12, 600 Hrs.
                 Queen Air B80, 400 Hrs.
                 Cessna C-208 Caravan, 2,000 Hrs.
                 Cessna 152/172/182/206/210/337
                 SR-22 Cirrus GTS, 100 Hrs.
                 Multiple other aircraft;

                                                                    Buchalter Nemer
                                                Los Angeles · Irvine · San Francisco · Scottsdale

                                                                  www.buchalter.com
October 20, 2014
Page 16

        · 5,500 Flight hours of survey, research and development and experimental
                test pilot experience;

        · Department of Defense Secret Security Clearance, United States
                Government ­ Current; and

        · Multiple professional pilot courses, initial and recurrent, Flight Safety
                International ProCard, SimCom Int.

        Highlights of Mr. Hovelman's pertinent experience include:
        · Director of Flight Operations/Chief Pilot on multiple simultaneous projects

                with multiple aircraft and pilots;
        · Project execution and oversight as Chief Pilot/Director of Marine and

                Flight Operations USACE specific projects, such as Ortho/LiDAR,
                HeliMag, SAR Radar, and MarineMag;
        · Flown hundreds of missions and millions of acres of Ortho/LiDAR, P-Band
                SAR, Hyperspectral and Thermal data collection flights;
        · Managed and flew as lead research pilot over 50 NASA missions involving
                pollution studies, forest fire mapping, and UAV electronics testing and
                development; and
        · Systems design lead on multiple airborne, ground, and marine platforms.
        Additionally, 100% of Petitioner's operations will utilize a visual observer
("VO"). The VO may be used to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC

                                                                    Buchalter Nemer
                                                Los Angeles · Irvine · San Francisco · Scottsdale

                                                                  www.buchalter.com
October 20, 2014
Page 17
always maintains VLOS capability. The VO and the PIC will be able to communicate
verbally at all times during operational flights.

        Regarding Petitioner's requested relief from 14 C.F.R. § 91.103(b)(1), Petitioner
will comply with the other applicable procedures and requirements stated in § 91.103(a)
and (b). Specifically, the PIC will take all actions including reviewing weather, flight
battery requirements, aircraft performance data, and landing and takeoff distances before
initiation of a flight. The PIC will also account for all relevant site-specific conditions in
their preflight procedures. Risks presented by sun glare will be mitigated by the PIC's
and VO's ability to see other air traffic and initiate a return-to-home sequence if needed.

        C. Operating Parameters of Petitioner's UAS
        Petitioner's UAS operations will be conducted within a predetermined, access
controlled environment. In this controlled environment, Petitioner's operations will
remain within VLOS of the PIC and/or VO, below 400 feet AGL, and at speeds below 50
knots. Flights will be operated at a lateral distance of no less than 100 feet from any
inhabited structures, buildings, vehicles, vessels, or nonparticipating persons. The UAS
will operate in accordance with the safety and operational requirements of the FOPM.
Prior to the operation, a Safety Risk Analysis Plan ("SRAP") will be created which
includes all safety and operational information necessary to safely carry out the flight.
When applicable, all UAS operations will be conducted in accordance with any state or
local privacy laws.

                                                                    Buchalter Nemer
                                                Los Angeles · Irvine · San Francisco · Scottsdale

                                                                  www.buchalter.com
October 20, 2014
Page 18

        Only participating persons will be permitted within the operating area.2 As to

Petitioner's filming operations, and consistent with the relief typically provided to

manned operations under FAA Order 8900.1, Volume 3, Chapter 8, Section 1, Petitioner

requests relief from 14 C.F.R. § 91.119(c) with respect to those participating persons,

vehicles, and structures directly involved in the performance of the actual filming.

Regarding distance from participating persons, the operations manual sets forth safety

factors for authorized and consenting production personnel. Because those procedures

are specific to participating persons, no further FSDO or aviation safety inspector

approval is necessary for reductions to the distances specified in Petitioner's manual.

        Although Petitioner seeks to comply with the waiver process as described in FAA

Order 8900.1, Volume 3, Chapter 8, Section 1 (Issue a Certificate of Waiver for Motion

Picture and Television Filming), the current section of Order 8900.1 has specific

processes that preclude a jurisdictional FAA FSDO from issuing the required Certificate

of Waiver, because the section did not originally provide for UAS operations. Thus,

Petitioner seeks exemption from the applicable regulations normally waived during that

process. Petitioner proposes that the FAA include the required notifications and

coordination with jurisdictional FSDOs through the conditions and limitations

accompanying the requested exemption, and that the exemption sought herein will take

2 Pursuant to Order 8900.1 V3, C8, S1, as applicable to aerial filming operations,
"participating persons" includes all persons associated with the production. Participating
persons will be briefed on the potential risk of the proposed flight operations and must
acknowledge and accept those risks prior to participation.

                                                                    Buchalter Nemer
                                                Los Angeles · Irvine · San Francisco · Scottsdale

                                                                  www.buchalter.com
October 20, 2014
Page 19
the place of the Certificate of Waiver normally issued by a jurisdictional FSDO under
8900.1. Under this rubric, for aerial filming operations, Petitioner will notify every
FSDO with jurisdiction over the area that Petitioner plans to operate, just as with manned
filming operations, and those FSDOs will have the ability to coordinate further conditions
and limitations with the UAS Integration Office to address any local concerns.

        Petitioner's UAS will remain clear and yield the right of way to all manned
operations and activities at all times (including, but not limited to, ultralight vehicles,
parachute activities, parasailing activities, and hangliders). Petitioner will not conduct
UAS operations within 5 nautical miles of the geographic center of a non-towered airport
unless a letter of agreement with that airport's management is obtained and the operation
is conducted in accordance with a Notice to Airmen ("NOTAM").

        Petitioner will obtain an Air Traffic Organization ("ATO") issued Certificate of
Waiver or Authorization ("COA") prior to conducting any operations under this grant of
exemption. In fulfilling its requirements under the COA, Petitioner will be required to
request a NOTAM not more than 72 hours in advance, but not less than 48 hours prior to
the operation.

        D. The Requested Exemption Promotes the Public Interest
        The enhanced safety achieved by replacing significantly larger manned aircraft
carrying crew and flammable fuel with small UAS carrying no passengers or crew and
operated under the specific guidelines and procedures proposed by Petitioner gives the

                                                                    Buchalter Nemer
                                                Los Angeles · Irvine · San Francisco · Scottsdale

                                                                  www.buchalter.com
October 20, 2014
Page 20
FAA good cause to find that the UAS operations enabled by the instant Petition are in the
public interest. Moreover, as the FAA has already recognized, UAS provide "a greater
degree of flexibility, which supplements the current capabilities offered by manned
aircraft." See Exemption No. 11062, Regulatory Docket No. FAA-2014-0352, at p. 22.

        By granting Petitioner's requested exemptions, the FAA will help drive
development of safe and successful commercial UAS operations and will advance the
public knowledge base for such operations. Petitioner is committed to promoting the
UAS research efforts of policymakers including the FAA, NASA, and DOD by sharing
data from its commercial UAS operations and serving as a resource for future UAS
research operations. Thus, the FAA has good cause to grant this Petition.
VI. CONCLUSION

        For the foregoing reasons, the exemptions requested herein should be granted and
Petitioner should be permitted to conduct small UAS operations in accordance with its
manuals and any other operating parameters the FAA deems necessary and appropriate.

                                                Respectfully submitted,
                                                BUCHALTER NEMER
                                                A Professional Corporation

                                                By
                                                          Paul J. Fraidenburgh
                                                          Counsel for Petitioner
                                                          Mountain High Aviation, LLC

                                                                    Buchalter Nemer
                                                Los Angeles · Irvine · San Francisco · Scottsdale

                                                                  www.buchalter.com
