April 16, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 11333
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA-2015-0004

Ms. Melinda Sokoloski
MSPhotography dba MSAerial
33 Sea Avenue
Quincy, MA 02169

Dear Ms. Sokoloski:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

The Basis for Our Decision

By letter dated December 31, 2014, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration
(FAA) on behalf of MSPhotography dba MSAerial (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an
exemption. The exemption would allow the petitioner to operate an unmanned aircraft system
(UAS) to conduct aerial photography for the media and advertising industries.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a DJI S1000.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C.  44704, and in
                                                                                                                 2

consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, MSPhotography dba MSAerial is granted an exemption
from 14 CFR ㎣ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a),
91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a)
and (b), to the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data
collection. This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, MSPhotography dba MSAerial is hereafter referred to as
the operator.
                                                                                                                 3

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI S1000 when
         weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any other
         aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         (not) permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
         must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
         documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
         Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
         limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
         the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
         Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
         documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
         operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
         documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
                                                                                                            4

    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR  61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR  61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
                                                                                                            5

    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR  91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR  1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.
                                                                                                               6

   23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
       any documents required under 14 CFR ㎣ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
       PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
       These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
       official upon request.

   24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
       activities at all times.

   25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

   26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
       persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
          a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
             from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
             that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
             where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
             the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
             of nonparticipating persons; and
          b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
             for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
             the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
             present an undue hazard.

       The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
       nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

   27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
       permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
       Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
       obtained for each flight to be conducted.

   28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
       boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
       to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
       reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
       contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

   29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
       as documented in this grant of exemption.
                                                                                                                 7

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.

This exemption terminates on April 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service
Addr:    33 Sea Ave
         Quincy, MA, 02169-3 135
    Ph:
Email:   + 1-(857)-204-2448
         mindi@msaerial.com
 VVeb:   msaerial.com

  33 Sea Ave,Quincy, MA

 Docket Management System
 U.S. Dept. of Transportation
  1200 New Jersey Ave., SE
 Washington, D.C. 20590

 J, , J,IIJ,,,,J,J,J,J,,JJ .... J렁 JI

                                                                                             MSPhotography, December 31, 2014

Re: Exemption Request Pursuant To Section 333 of the FAA Reform Act of 2012

Dear Sir or Madam,

Pursuant to 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of2012 (the Reform Act) and 14 C.F.R. Part 11,
MSPhotography DBA MSAerial, operator of Small Unmanned Aircraft Systems (sUASs) equipped to conduct
aerial photography for the media and advertising indestries for pre-planned, controlled area, photographic
and surveying services, hereby applies for an exemption from the listed Federal Aviation Regulations (FARs)
to allow commercial operation of its sUASs, so long as such operations are conducted within and under
the conditions outlined herein or as may be established by the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) as
required by 333. MSAerial's current operation of sUASs for commercial purposes has been halted to comply
with recently enacted federal aviation regulations pertaining to sUASs.

   As described more fully below, the requested exemption would permit the operation of small, unmanned
and relatively inexpensive multirotor aircraft under controlled conditions in airspace that is 1) contained 2)
predetermined 3) has on-site safety personnel controlling access, and 4) would provide increased safety and
enhancements to clients' business operations.

   The name and address of the applicant is: MSPhotography dba MSAerial Attn:Melinda Sokoloski Ph:+ l -
(857)-204-2448 Email:mindi@msaerial.com Address: 33 Sea Ave, Quincy, MA 02169

   MSAerial respectfully requests a grant of an exemption of the following sections of Title 14 of the Code of
Federal Regulations:

     o 14 CFR 21;

     o 14 CFR 91, et seq.;

      o 14 CFR 45.23 (b);
                                   Re: Exemption Request Pursuant To Section 333 of the FAA Reform Act of2012

      14 CFR 61.113 (a) & (b);

      14 CFR 407 (a)(l);

      14 CFR 409 (a)(2);

      14CFR417(a)&(b).

  MSAerial also respectfully requests an Exemption from Section 333 of the FAA Reform Act and Part 11 of
the Federal Aviation Regulations from:

      14 CFR 45.23(b);
      14 CFR Part 21;
      14 CFR 61.1 13 (a) & (b);
      91.7 (a);
      91.9(b)(2);
      91.103(b);
      91.109;
      91.119;
      91.12 1;
      91.151(a);
      91.203(a) & (b);
      91.405 (a);
      91.407 (a) (1 );
      91.409 (a) (2);
      91.417 (a) & (b).

I. The Exte nt of Relief MSAerial Se e ks a nd t he Reason It Seeks Such Relief :

MSAerial submits this application in accordance with the Reform Act, 112 P.L. 95 ㎣331-334, seeking relief
from any currently applicable federal aviation regulations PARs pertaining to UASs (unmanned aircraft
systems) and operating to prevent MSAerial contemplated commercial photographic, mapping, and other
flight operations within the U.S. national airspace system.

   The Reform Act in 332 provides for such integration of civil UASs into our national airspace system as
it is in the public's interest to do so. MSAerial's lightweight UASs meet the definition of "small unmanned
aircraft" as set forth in 331 and combined with a sterling safety record in similar industries, MSAerial's light
duty UASs are ideal recipients of exemption by the intent of the Reform Act.

   Considerations for relief include a combination of sUAS physical characteristics, safety features, and safe
practices identiied in 333:

       sUAS weight,

       sUAS overall size,

       sUAS speed over ground,

       sUAS flight zone characteristecs,
            - Non-operation near airports (civilian or military),
            - Tightly controlled operation in populated areas,

                                          33 SEA AvE, QuiNCY, MA 02169-3135
                                 MINDI@MSAERIAL.COM + 1 - (8 57) - 204 - 244 8
                                   Re: Exemption Request Pursuant To Section 333 of the FAA Reform Act of201 2

      Operation of the UAS by VLOS.

      Coordination by a minimum of4 persons, three staff members of MSAerial and one safety official from
        the client.

  Specific consideration is outline below.

   14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H: Airworthiness Certificates
14 C.F.R. 91.203 (a) (1) Subpart H, entitled Airworthiness Certificates, establishes the procedural require-
ments for the issuance of airworthiness certificates as required by FAR 91.203 (a) (1 ). Given the size and
limited operating area associated sUASs, an exemption from Part 21 Subpart H m eets the requirements
of an equivalent level of safety under Part 11 and 333 of the Reform Act. 1l1e Federal Aviation Act (49
U.S.C.4470 1 (f)) and 333 of the Reform Act both authorize the FAA to exempt aircraft from the requirement
for an airworthiness certificate, upon consideration of the size, weight, speed, operational capability, and
proximity to airports and populated areas of the particular sUAS. In all cases, an analysis of these criteria
demonstrates that the UAS operated without an airworthiness certificate, in the restricted environment and
under the conditions proposed will be at least as safe, or safer, than a conventional aircraft (fixed wing or
rotorcraft) operating with an airworthiness certificate without the restrictions and conditions proposed.

  The sUAS to be operated by MSAerial is less than 11kg. with maximal payload consisting of remote
sensing instrumentation, carries neither no persons, carries no explosive or flammable materials including
combustible fuels, and operates exclusively within a secured area. Unlike other civil aircraft, operations under
this exemption will be tightly controlled and monitored by both the pilot (PIC), 'spotter' role designated to
act as both the remote sensing controller and secondary monitor for safety issues, and a technician, which
assists in matters related to maintaining the sUAS and also monitors for safety concerns and liasons to
the on-site safety officials. These enhancements to current safety practices and regulations, which already
apply to civil aircraft, provide a greater degree of safety to the public and property owners than conventional
aircraft operations conducted with airworthiness certificates issued under 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H . Lastly,
application of these same criteria demonstrates that there is no intrinsic credible threat to national security
posed by the UAS, due to its size, speed of operation, location ofoperation, lack of intrinsic explosive materials
or flammable liquid fuels, and inability to carry a substantial external load.

   14 C.F.R. 45.23 (b ). Marking of the Aircraft
The regulation requires: When marks include only the Roman capital letter "N" and the registration number
is displayed on limited, restricted or light-sport category aircraft or experimental or provisionally certificated
aircraft, the operator must also display on that aircraft near each entrance to the cabin, cockpit, or pilot station,
in letters not less than 2 inches nor more than 6 inches high, the words "limited;' "restricted;' "light-sport;'
"experimental;' or "provisional;' as applicable.

   Even though the sUAS will have no airworthiness certificate, an exemption may be needed as the sUAS
will have no entrance to the cabin, cockpit or pilot station on which the word "Experimental" can be placed.
G iven the size of the sUAS, two-inch lettering will be impossible. The word "Experimental" will be placed on
the frame in compliance with 45.29 (f) at a size suitable for the available space.

   The equivalent level of safety will be provided by having the sUAS marked on its fuselage as required by
45.29 (f) where the pilot, observer and others working with the sUAV will see the identification ofthe UAS as
"Experimental." The FAA has issued the following exemptions to this regulation to Exemptions Nos. 10700,
8738, 10167 and 10167A.

   Further markings include the use of flashing green LED illumination on the underside of the sUAS frame
 which stands at contrast against a blue or white sky.

                                          33 SEA AvE, QuiNCY, MA 02169 - 3135
                                 MIND I @MSAERIAL.COM + 1 - (8 57) - 204 - 2448
                                   Re: Exemption Request Pursuant To Section 333 of the FAA Reform Act of2012

   14 C.P.R. 61.113 (a) & (b): Private Pilot Privileges and Limitations: Pilot in Command.
61.113 (a) & (b) limit private pilots to non -commercial operations. Because the sUAS will not carry a pilot
or passengers, the proposed operations can achieve the equivalent level of safety of current operations by
requiring a ground crew member to have a private pilot's license rather than a commercial pilot's license to
operate this sUAS. Unlike a conventional aircraft that carries the pilot and passengers, the sUAS is remotely
controlled with no persons on board. The area of operation is controlled and restricted, and all flights are
planned and coordinated in advance. The risks associated with the operation of the sUAS are so diminished
from the level of risk associated with commercial operations contemplated by Part 61 when drafted, that
allowing operations as requested with a private pilot in the ground crew exceeds the present level of safety
achieved by 14 C.P.R. 61.1 13 (a) & (b).

   14 C.P.R. 91.7(a): Civil aircraft airworthiness.
The regulation requires that no person may operate a civil aircraft unless it is in airworthy condition.
As there will be no airworthiness certificate issued for the aircraft, should this exemption be granted, no
FAA regulatory standard will exist for determining airworthiness. Given the size of the aircraft and the
requirements contained in the Manual for maintenance and use of safety check lists prior to each flight, a
subset ofwhich are provided in enclosed Supplemental material, an equivalent level of safety will be provided.

   14 C.F.R. 91.9 (b) (2): Civil Aircraft Flight Manual in the Aircraft.
91.9 (b) (2) provides: No person may operate a U.S.-registered civil aircraft ... (2) For which an Airplane
or Rotorcraft Flight Manual is not required by 21.5 of this chapter, unless there is available in the aircraft a
current approved airplane or Rotorcraft Flight Manual, approved manual material, markings, and placards,
or any combination thereof.

   The sUAS, given its size and configuration has no ability to carry a physical flight manual on the aircraft. The
equivalent level of safety will be maintained by keeping the flight manual at the ground control point where
the pilot flying the sUAS will have immediate access to it. The FAA has issued the following exemptions to
this regulation: Exemption Nos. 8607,8737,8738,9299, 9299A, 9565,95658, 10167, 10167A, 10602,32827,
and 10700.

   14 C.F.R. 91.103: Preflight action
This regulation requires each PIC to take certain actions before flight to insure the safety of flight. As FAA
approved rotorcraft flight manuals will not be provided for the aircraft an exemption will be needed. The PIC
will take all actions including reviewing weather, flight battery requirements, landing and takeoff distances
 and aircraft performance data before initiation of flight. Further, we have proprietary manuals created
 with the help of sUAS experts, the manufacturer, the regional sUAS vendor and policy holding insurer and
 continue to work with these organizations to ensure best safe practices are adhered to.

    14 C.P.R. 91.1 09: Flight instruction
 91.103 provides that no person may operate a civil aircraft (except a manned free balloon) that is being
 used for flight instruction unless that aircraft has fully functioning dual controls. sUASs and remotely piloted
 aircraft, by their design do not have fully functional dual controls. Flight control is accomplished through the
 use of a control box that communicates with the aircraft via radio communications. The FAA has approved
 exemptions for flight training without fully functional dual controls for a number of aircraft and for flight
 instruction in experimental aircraft. See Exemption Nos.5778K & 9862A. The equivalent level of safety
 provided by the fact that neither a pilot nor passengers will be carried in the aircraft and by the size and

                                           33 SEA AvE, QurNCY, MA 02169-3135
                                  MINDI@MSAERIAL.COM + 1- (8 57)- 204 - 2448
                                   Re: Exemption Request Pursuant To Section 333 of the FAA Reform Act of2012

speed of the aircraft. Enhancing this safety is the technology inherent in the remote controls utiziling digital
communications which is paired to the sUAS m aking it nearly impossible to unintentionally or intentionally
have the con trol communications interrupted.

   14 C.F.R. 91.119: Minimum safe altitudes
91.119 establishes safe altitudes for operation of civil aircraft. 91.119 (d) allows helicopters to be operated
at less than the minimums prescribed, provided the person operating the helicopter complies with any route
or altitudes prescribed for helicopters by the FAA. As this exemption is for a sUAS that closely mimics the
behavior of a helicopter, and the exemption requests authority to operate at altitudes up to 400 AGL, an
exemption may be needed to allow such operations. As set forth herein, the UAS will never operate at higher
than 400 AGL or beyond unaided visual line of sight, whichever is closer. It will however be operated in a
restricted area with security officials tasked with ensuring public safety, and where buildings and people will
not be exposed to operations without their pre-obtained consent and training.

   The equivalent level of safety will be achieved given the size, weight, speed of the UAS as well as the location
where it is operated. No flight operation will be taken without the permission of the property owner in the
case of private property or local officials i the case of public property or private property with public interests.
Because of the advance notice to the property owner and participants in the remote sensing activity, all
affected individuals will be aware of the planned flight operations. Compared to flight operations with aircraft
o r rotorcraft weighting fa r more than the maximum 11kg of MSAerial's sUASs proposed herein and the lack
of flammable fuel, any risk associated with these operations is far less than those presently presented with
conventional aircraft operating at or below 500 AGL. In addition, the low-altitude operations of the sUAS
will ensure separation between these small- UAS operations and the operations of conventional aircraft that
must comply with 91.119.

   14 C.F.R. 91. 121 Altimeter Settings
91.121 requires each person operating an aircraft to maintain cruising altitude by reference to an altimeter
that is set "... to the elevation of the departure airport or an appropriate altimeter setting available before
d eparture." As the sUAS may not have a barometric altimeter, but instead a GPS altitude read out, an
exemption may be need ed. An equivalent level of safety will be achieved by the operator, confirming the
altitude of the launch site shown on the GPS altitude indicator before flight. The PIC and Technician will also
 ensure effective pairing with multiple GPS sources to guarantee accurate detection of height.

    14 C.F.R. 9 1.15l (a): Fuel Requirements for Flight in VFR Conditions
9 1.151 (a) prohibits an individual from beginning "a flight in an airplane under VFR conditions unless
 (considering wind and fo recast weather conditions) there is enough fuel to fly to the first point of intended
 landing, and, assuming normal cruising speed- (1) During the day, to fly after that for at least 30 minutes; or
 (2) At night, to fly after that for at least 45 minutes:' The battery powering the sUAS provides approximately
 15 minutes of powered flight in hover mode with out payload. MSAerial's sUAS will not be able to meet the
 30 minute reserve requirement in 14 CPR 91.15 1. Operating the small UAS, in a tightly controlled area
 where only people and property owners or official representatives who have signed waivers will be allowed,
 with less than 30 minutes of reserve power, does not engender the type of risks that Section 9l.l51(a) was
 intended to alleviate given the size and speed of the small UAS. MSAerial believes that an equivalent level of

퍀afety can be achieved by limiting flights to 10 minutes or 25% of battery power whichever happens first.

 This restriction would be more than adequate to return the sUAS toils planned landing zone from anywhere
 in its limited op erating area.

    Similar exemptions have been granted to other operations, including Exemptions 2689F, 5745, 10673, and

                                           33 SEA AVE, QUINCY, MA 02169 - 3135

                                MINDI@MSAERIAL.COM +1- (8 57) - 204 - 24 4 8
        Re: Exemption Request Pursuant To Section 333 ofthe FAA Reform Act of2012

10808.

   14 C.P.R . 91.203 (a) & (b): Car rying C ivil Aircraft Certification and Registra t ion
The regulation provides in pertinent part:

(a) Except as provided in 91.715, no person may operate a civil aircraft unless it has within it the following:

      (1) An appropriate and current airworthiness certificate...

(b) No person may operate a civil aircraft unless the airworthiness certificate required by paragraph (a) of this
      section or a special flight authorization issued under 91.715 is displayed at the cabin or cockpit entrance
      so that it is legible to passengers or crew.

   The sUAS fully loaded weighs no more than llkg and is operated without an onboard pilot. As such, there
is no ability or place to carry certification and registration documents or to display them on the sUAS. An
equivalent level of safety will be achieved by keeping these documents at the ground control point where
the pilot flying the sUAS will have immediate access to them, to the extent they are applicable to the sUAS.
The FAA has issued numerous exemptions to this regulation. A representative sample of other exceptions
includes Exemption Nos. 9565,9665,9789, 9789A, 9797, 9797A, 9816A, and 10700.

   14 C.P.R. 9 1.405 (a); 407 (a) (1); 409 (a) (2); 4 17(a) & (b): Mainten an ce Insp ection s
These regulations require that an aircraft operator or owner "shall have that aircraft inspected as prescribed
in subpart E of this part and shall between required inspections, except as provided in paragraph (c) of
this section, have discrepancies repaired as prescribed in part 43 of this chapter...;' and others shall inspect
o r maintain the aircraft in compliance with Part 43. Given that these section and Part 43 apply only to
aircraft with an airworthiness certificate, these sections will not apply to the applicant. Maintenance will
be accomplished by the operator pursuant to the flight manual. An equivalent level ofsafety will be achieved
because these small UASs are very limited in size and will carry a small payload and operate only in restricted
areas for limited periods of time. If mechanical issues arise the UAS can land immediately and will be
operating from no higher than 400 feet AGL. The operator will ensure that the UAS is in working order prior to
initiating flight, perform required maintenance, and keep a log of any maintenance performed. Moreover, the
operator is the person most familiar with the aircraft and best suited to maintain the aircraft in an airworthy
condition to provide the equivalent level of safety.

   An exemption granted to MSAerial would permit its operation of lightweight, unmanned, remotely
controlled, sUASs in a tightly controlled environment with limited airspace. MSAerial utilizes local business'
safety officers in specifically determined areas (designed flight zone) to mitigate injury and property damage
while fulfilling clients' goals. Technical enhancements to current safety controls will allow MSAerial to
operate exceeding current safety specifications, and stay ahead of, or meet, new ones being implemented
by the FAA and Department of Transportation. Further, MSAerial conducts its operations in compliance
with protocols described herein or as otherwise established by the FAA.

II. Commercial and Public Benefits

We at MSAerial believe that granting this exemption request furthers the public interest by providing safe
(by way of an unmanned system) and efficient means to meet technical problems solvable by elevated data
collection instruments. MSAerial's client base are typically small to medium sized business' looking to
increase their awareness of structures or landscape on their respective properties through data collection

                                            33 SEA AVE, QUINCY, MA 02169-3135

                                 MINDI@MSAERIAL . COM + 1 - (8 57) - 204 - 244 8
                                   Re: Exemption Request Pursuant To Section 333 of the FAA Reform Act of2012

by photographic, videographic or lidar based surveying. By moving these functions onto sUAS based
aircraft, the potential for loss of life or property is diminished due to the greater control in a smaller and
safer aircraft that holds no persons. Second, there are no reactive or combustible materials on board the
sUAS and thus the potential for fire or explosions is greatly diminished. Third, the small size and extreme
maneuverability of MSAerials UASs allow the PIC to avoid hazards. Lastly, due to the nature of the remote
sensing instrumentation onboard, the sUAS can maintain quite a safe distance between the aircraft and the
object(s) undergoing scrutiny. Accordingly, MSAerial's UASs have operated and will continue to operate at
and above current safety levels.

A. The costs and benefits of you r proposed action to societ y in general and specifi c gro ups within society

As described above, MSAerial's past customers have been small to medium business seeking a remote sensing
solution to specific issues before a larger effort on their part would come underway. Examples include
construction efforts that sought elevated photographic imagery of specific landforms to minimize cost of
efforts to develop, a regional park service that wanted to quantify the changing lifecycle of it's flora by way of
measuring leaf health through gradual chlorophyll depletion, and a local cities' Dept. of Public Works that
sought to collect images and 30 structural data by way of Lidar sensing en masse of it's bridges to serve as a
supplement to it's routine repair and planning documentation.

   The impact to society, financial and otherwise, would be extremely minimal. Indeed, it's been demonstrated
that sUASs have the ability to drasticially increase the information availible to policymakers at a frac tion of
the cost of measuring this data by terrestrial means. One such impact would be inconvenience to directly
proximal and non-essential personnel that would be displaced from public or business owned property if it is
d eemed to be unsafe. In this case we relay our needs for a f1ight zone with the requirement that it be safe from
casual intrusions and allow the business time to shift operations in order to minimize potential safety issues.
This is best performed with the aid of safety personnel that actively steer non-essential persons around the
flight zone.

 1. The effect of an exemption fo r MSAerial o n t he quality of t he natural and social e nvironments

 Utilizing sUASs minimizes the requirement for conventional aircraft. This eliminates the need for an onboard
 pilot, time consuming adherance to regulations surrounding bookeeping and submission of flight paths
 to local civiliar or military airports, and detrimental effects to the environment caused by operating a
 combustible fuel based, large scale aircraft, with restrictions on the proximity to the target for remote sensing.

 Ill. Flig ht Capabilities a nd Characteristics of MSAe rial's UASs

 Persuant to 112 P.L. 95 333 (a), concerns for public safety are mitigated by the overall capabilities and
 characteristics of the sUAS. 1

   MSAerial UASs utilizes eight (8) counter-rotating propellers paired oppositely to each other for balance,
 control and stability. The total span of the sUAS is ""'1.2 m allowing for stable flight or landing even with
 the sudden onset of detrimental environmental conditions. The sUAS's have a maximal unit+ payload mass
 of llkg, including cinematic/photographic or other surveying equipment. MSAerial's sUAS is designed to
 primarily hover in place to capture photographic data and then operate at less than a 35 knot maximum speed
 to the next point of interest. They are capable ofvertical and horizontal operations but, in practice, is operated
 only within unaided VLOS of the PIC. In addition to the PIC, MSAerial employs a spotter (VOS role) and a
 technician (secondary VOS and on-site personnelliason) which are within unaided verbal communication
 range. These personnel are supplemented by safety offcials provided by the client who are instructed to cordon

    1More characteristics have been outlined in the enclosed supplemental materials.

                                        33 SEA AvE, QuiN CY, MA 02169-3135
                                  Ml NDI@MSAER IAL .COM + 1- (8 57)- 204-2448
                                   Re: Exemption Request Pursuant To Section 333 of the FAA Reform Act of2012

off and otherwise minimize pedestrian access in the flight zone of the client's grounds. In the event of loss of
visual of the UAS, the PIC can change flight controls from cartesian (X,Y,Z) based controls to radial (r,a ,h)
based controls which allows the PIC to utilize one controller axis to recall the VAS to the PIC's position
without concern to the current heading of the sUAS. In the event of loss of sight of the sUAS into an area
containing hazards or possible hazards, the spotter has a heads-up-display containing a live video feed which
can be used to locate the UAS while it maintains it's position in hover mode. The sUAS has demonstrated
it's ability to maintain it's position by GPS coordinates in hover mode in "-'2Skph wind gusts at rv25 feet
representing an extreme environmental condition beyond the range of conditions within the scope for sUAS
operation.

   All ofMSAerial's sUASs utilize LiPo (lithium polymer) battery based power sources, decreasing safety risks
from more easily combustible, fuel based, power sources. Flight times generally last between eight (8) to ten
(1 0) minutes allowing the staff to work with small flight areas per phase. The maximum flight time without
payload is 15 minutes, however practical safe operation limits this to 10 to give ample time to control the
sUAS to a safe landing zone. MSAerial further restricts flight time by not operating its sUASs with less than
twenty five percent battery capacity. Further safety management systems in place include a GPS mode that
allows MSAerial sUASs to hover in place if communication with the PIC is lost and optionally follow a set
of waypoints at a set speed and height to a 'home base' predesignated safe landing zone. In the event of
unforseen motor(s) failure, the system will enter into a controlled descent while allowing full use of all UAS
flight controls by the PIC. All commands sent via remote controller received during a controlled descent are
translated to an 'as meant' paradigm meaning the flight control package will use it's realtime 3 dimensional
position and compensate rotors control the sUAS regardless ofspin velocity. Landing gear is also programmed
to deploy based on sensing of range to ground from non-GPS based sources. This assures that if one system
is compensated a safe and successful landing can still occur.

IV. Reasons Why an Exemption to MSAerial Will Not Adversely Affect Safety Standards

 MSAerial's contends that operation of it's sUASs will not "create a hazard to users of the national airspace
system or the public:' as stated in 112 P.L. 95 333 (b). Given the diminuative size and weight of MSAerial's
 sUASs, combined with their operation in cordoned off and well-controlled areas, MSAerial's sUASs falls
within Congress's contemplated safety zone. MSAerial sUASs have an established safety record bolstered
 by multi-point preflight checklist, awareness of their surroundings and intimate knowlege of the behaviour
 of the sUAS platform in many weather conditions. TI1is safety record and implemented operational practices
 demonstrate an awareness of public safety.

    MSAerial operations routinely provide a level of safety at least equal to existing rules, and in nearly every
 instance, exceeds existing rules. MSAerial has worked very closely with the regional vendors and support for
 this unit to create a tightly integrated and highly fauh tolerant platform that has been tested throughly by a
 vendor with a proven record for safety and solid designs.

    Though it does not mitigate safety it is of note that as of Nov 2014 there are few companies that will
 insure sUAS operations and sUAS based companies. The sUAS of use at MSAerial is one of two models
 (by current awareness) that qualify for protection against damages or injury. MSAerial attained the maximal
 level of insurance to rectify accidental damage or injury. MSAerial also continues to work closely with this
 organization to identify and mitigate sUAS platform risk due to their expertise in several industries closely
 related to the aviation and transportation.

    MSAerial does not operate its UASs on or near airports and generally has only operated its fleet on private
 grounds with cordoned off areas or areas under the control of the property owner I client with assistance by
 safety officials employed by the business. MSAerial determines the areas needed to fulfill the clients' goals
 and only operates its UASs in these flight zones and only in compliance with well regarded safety protocols
 set forth initially by the RC UAS trade and hobby groups and recently codified by relevant FARs.

                                           33 SEA AVE, QUINCY, MA 02169-3135
                                  MIND! @MSAER IA L. COM + 1 - (8 57) -204-2448
                                  Re: Exemption Request Pursuant To Section 333 of the FAA Reform Act of2012

  MSAerial standardized on the following practices to ensure safe operation of it's UASs:

     Work with on-site personnel to plan the flight goals,

     Work with on-site personnel to restrict access to non-essential persons,

     Operation by unaided VLOS operation only,

     Operation in phases 10 minutes in length,

     Operation to minimal 25% battery power,

     Operation of device to GPS aided readout to 300ft at maximum,

      Numerous pre-programmed fail -safes that ensure specific behavior per issue,

      Three main roles supplemented by on-site safety personnel,

      Employ controlled lifecycle management of components to guard against multiple failures,

      Preform a site check day(s) before flight to identify poten tial issues,

      Subscribe to relevant local weather and safety alerts,

        Expertly choose data collection instruments and accessories to minimize flight requirements or
       expe r tise,

  MSAerial has experience in similar fields and has adapted this experience in it's use of UASs to increase
safety. In combination to the ever expanding knowlege repositories from hobbyists and experts alike,
M SAerial is constantly evolving it's practices when there is a clear benefit to operations or increased safety
element.

A. Summary
Pursuant to 14 C.F.R. Part 11, the following summary is provided for publication in the Federal Register,
should it be determined that publication is needed:

   MSAerial {applicant) seeks an exemption from the following rules: 14 C.P.R. 21, subpart H; 14 C.F.R
45.23(b); 14 C.P.R. ㎣61.113( a) & (b); 91.7 (a); 91.9 (b) (2); 91.103{b); 91.109; 91.119; 91.121; 91.151(a);
91.203(a) & (b); 91.405 (a); 91.407 (a) (1 ); 9 1.409 (a) (2); 91.409 (a) {2) and 91.417 (a) & (b) to operate
commercially a small unmanned vehicle (11kg or less) in elevated photographic and remote sensing
o p e rat io n s .

   Approval of exemptions allowing commercial operations of sUASs in the the media industry will enhance
safety by reducing risk associated with conventional aircraft operations and other means of elevated rem ote
sensing involving persons. The public benefit served by approval of this petition is increased awareness
of characteristics of difficult imaging targets. A sUAS weighing fewer than 1lkg and powered by sealed
batteries eliminates virtually all associated risk inherent in operating conventional aircraft in close proximity
to buildings or persons or otherwise elevating persons to a position they would be able to collect needed d ata.

   The operation of small UASs, weighting less than 55lbs., conducted in the strict conditions outlined above,
will provide an equivalent level of safety supporting the grant of the exemptions requested herein, including
exempting the applicant from the requirements of Part 21 and allowing commercial operations.

                                          33 SEA AVE, QUIN CY, MA 02169 - 3135

                              MlNDI@MSAERlAL .COM +1- (8 57) - 204-24 48
                                   Re: Exemption Request Pursuant To Section 333 of the FAA Reform Act of2012
  As identified and described herein, Melinda Sokoloski, and her company MSPhotography DBA MSAerial,
is an experienced, recognized media services professional in the various photographic industries. Mrs.
Sokoloski and her companies have been producing and delivering media and technical solutions for the media
service industry for ten (10) years with a spotless safety record.
  The FAA has been given the authority to issue the exemption to MSPhotography DBA MSAerial pursuant
to the Federal Aviation Act, 85 P.L. 726 (1958), and as such, we humbly seek your consideration and approval
of this petition.
  PIC VLOS Best,

encl: Supplement A: Physical characteristics of UAS
encl: Supplement B: Flight Operation and Procedures Manual (FOPM) related to operation
encl: Supplement C: Flight maps in MSAerial regional base

                                        33 SEA AvE, Qu i NCY, MA 02169-3135
                                 MINDI@MSAERIAL. COM +1- (8 57)- 204 - 2448
                          Supplement B : Summary Sections ofFlight Operations and Procedure Manual (FOPM)

      All regular and irregular operations are noted with timestamps, relevant UAS metrics and corrective
        action procedures (CAP) that are performed.
            - Note: All irregular behavior have root cause analysis performed before UAS operation is resumed.

VI. Emergency Procedures

      Loss of Remote Signal
            - The flight package features an optional enhanced fail-safe which returns the UAS to the home base
               waypoint via the same path taken to point of lost signal.
            - The UAS will then preform a hover over this waypoint and then a con trolled landing.

      Loss of GPS signal
            - The system will operate in GPS assisted mode with three (3) satellites.
            - At loss of three (3) GPS satellites, manual mode can be activated or the flight package can be
                programmed to preform a controlled landing to the home base waypoint.
            - Ground based height ranging is preformed by a seperate system and so loss of GPS will not impact
                controlled landing in a safe manner.

      Loss of Engine Power
            - In the event of one (1) (or to two oppositely positioned) rotor or motor failure the system will
                enter into controlled spin where all controls are translated based on current orientation and will
                behave as normal operation to the PIC to ensure a safe landing,
            - In the event of multiple rotor or motor failures the flight package can be configured to preform a
                safe landing or attempt operation to home base waypoint.
            - Note : Behavior of the landing location is highly dependant on the position and number of
                rotors/motors that are affected.

       Loss of Ground Control Software
             - This will not affect operation of the flight. The unit will be piloted to a safe landing area and then
                landed so that examination of the link can be made.

  Best,  Norfolk, SS .  Commonwealth of Massachusetts
                                                     December iH , 2014
ML~~
                               On this 31st day of December , 2014, before me , the
                               undersigned Notary Public, personally appeared Melinda
                               Sokoloski , provide to me through satisfactory evidence of
                               identification, which was her Mass . Driver's License, to
         ~~--------~~~e person whose name is signed on the preceding
                               document, and acknowledged to me that she signed it
                               voluntarily as her free act and deed and for its
                                stated purpose .

         ecu-Pa- ~

           IL<>-~ p~

                        33 SEA AvE, QuiNCY, MA 02169-3135
                  MINDI@MSAERIAL .COM + 1 - (8 57)- 204-244 8
                                         CERTIFICATE OF LIABILITY INSURANCE                                                              I DATE (MM/ DDIYYYY)
                                                                                                                                                          1/20/2014

THIS CERTIFICATE IS ISSUED AS A MATTER OF INFORMATION ONLY AND CONFERS NO RIGHTS UPON THE CERTIFICATE HOLDER. THIS
CERTIFICATE DOES NOT AFFIRMATIVELY OR NEGATIVELY AMEND, EXTEND OR ALTER THE COVERAGE AFFORDED BY THE POLICIES
BELOW. THIS CERTIFICATE OF INSURANCE DOES NOT CONSTITUTE A CONTRACT BETWEEN THE ISSUING INSURER(S), AUTHORIZED
REPRESENTATIVE OR PRODUCER, AND THE CERTIFICATE HOLDER.

IMPORTANT: If the certificate holder Is an ADDITIONAL INSURED, the pollcy(les) must be endorsed. If SUBROGATION IS WAIVED, subject to the
terms and conditions of the policy, certain policies may require an endorsement. A statement on this certificate does not confer rights to the

certificate holder in lieu of such endorsement(s).

PRODUCER                                                                     CONTACT
Lockton Affinity, LLC
P.O. Box 410679                                                              NAME:                     I  8 8 8- 2 0 2- 1 5 2 6          FAX
Kansas City, MO 64141-0679                                                   PHONE                                                       (AIC,No)::
                                                                             (AIC No.Ext):

                                                                             E-MAIL
                                                                             ADDRESS:

                                                                                                          INSURER(S) AFFORDING COVERAGE                                 NAIC

                                                                             INSURER텮: Certain Underwriters at Lloyd'&, London

INSURED                                                                      INSURER텯:

MS Photography                                                               INSURER텰 :
                                                                             INSURER텱:
33 Sea Ave                                                                   INSURER텲:
Quincy MA 02169

COVERAGES                                                                                  INSURER텳:     REVISION NUMBER ~
                                                   :ERTIFICA.rE NIIMR~

THIS IS TO CERTIFY THAT THE POUCIES OF INSURANCE USTED BELOW HAVE BEEN ISSUED TO THE INSURED NAMED ABOVE FOR THE POUCY PERIOD
INDICATED. NOTWITHSTANDING ANY REQUIREMENT, TERM OR CONDITION OF ANY CONTRACT OR OTHER DOCUMENT WITH RESPECT TO WHICH
THIS CERTIFICATE MAY BE ISSUED OR MAY PERTAIN, THE INSURANCE AFFORDED BY THE POLICIES DESCRIBED HEREIN IS SUBJECT TO ALL THE
TERMS, EXCLUSIONS AND CONDffiONS OF SUCH POLICIES. U MITS SHOWN MAY HAVE BEEN REDUCED BY PAID CLAIMS.

INSR       TYPE OF INSURANCE                       ADOl $UBR  POLICY NUMBER         POLICY Eff            POLICY EX!'                                LIMITS
LTR                                                INSR W\10                        (MM/00/YY)            (MM/00/YY)

A GENERALLIABILITY                                            PP4003590                l/21/2014          1/21{2015              EACH OCCURRENCE                        $1,000,000

      X COMMERCIAL GENERAL LIABILITY                                                                                             DAMAGE TO RENTED PREMISES $100,000
                                                                                                                                 {Ea occurrence)
         CLAIMS MADE       fXl occuR
                                                                                                                                 MED EXP (Any one person) $5,000

                                                                                                                                         PERSONAL& AC1I/ INJURY         $1,000,000

                                                                                                                                         GENERAL AGGREGATE              $2,000,000

      nGEN'I. AGGREGATE LIMIT APPUES PER:                                                                                                PRODUCTS  COMP/OP AGG $2,000,000
        X POLICY [ ] PROJECT
                                              LOC                                                                                                                       $
                                                                                                                                                                        $
      Al/TOM081LE UA8IUTY                                                                                                                COI'ISINEO SINGLE liMIT
                                                                                                                                         (Eaacddent)                    $
         ANY ALrrO         -  SCHEDULED AUTOS                                                                                                                           $
         ALLOWNED AUTOS    -  NON텽WNEO AUTOS                                                                                            BOOILY INJURY (Per person)     $
         HIRED AUTOS
                           -                                                                                                             BOOILY INJURY (Per acx:ldent)

                                                                                                                                         PROPERTY DAMAGE
                                                                                                                                         (Per accident)

         UMBRELLA UA8      - OCCUR                                                                                                       EACH OCCURRENCE                $
         EXCESS LIA6               CLAIMS HADE                                                                                           AGGREGATE
                                                                                                                                                                        $

             OED I IRETENTlON$                                                                                                           톖lr~~톘;lOftY UNITS  OTHER

      W0RJ<ERS COMPENSATION              Y/N
      AND EMPlOYERS' UA8ILITY
      ANY PROPRIETOR/PARTNEJVEXECIITlVE                                                                                                  E.L EAOi ACCIDENT              $

      OFFlCEIVMEMBER EXCLUDED?

      (MANDATORY IN NH)                                                                                                                  E.L. DISEASE  EA EMPLOYEE $
      II yes, describe under
                                                                                                                                         E.L. DISEASE  POLICY LIMIT $
      DESCRIPTION Of OPERATIONS belOw

Hired & Non-owned Auto Liability Is Included                             CANCELLATION

 CERTIFICATE HOLDER                                                      SHOULD ANY Of THE A80VE DESCRIBED POUOES BE CANCELLED BEFORE
 Proof of Coverage                                                       THE EXPIRATION DATE THEREOf, NOTICE WILL 8E DEliVERED IN
                                                                         ACCORDANCE WITH THE POLICY PROVISIOHS

                                                                         AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE

                                                                         J 8 ~~

ACORD 25 (2010/05)                              The ACORD name and logo are registered marks of ACORD
                                                            Addr:    33 Sea Ave
                                                                     Quincy, MA, 02169-3135
                                                                Ph:
                                                            Email:   +1-(857)-204-2448
                                                                     mi ndi@msaeri al. com
                                                             VVeb:   msaerial.com

33 Sea Ave, Quincy, MA

Docket Management System
U.S. Dept. of Transportation
1200 New Jersey Ave., SE
Washington, D.C. 20590

J,,J,JJJ,,,,J,J,J,J,,JJm,J,,JJ

                                                            MSPhotography, December 31,2014

Supplement A : Physical Character istics of MSAerial's UAS

Dear Sir or Madam,

Please find in this document specifications related to the UAS subject to consideration for Exemption. All
specifications given by the manufacturer. It is of note that these specifications in some instances constitute
the maximal values discovered by the manufacturer and averaged over several test units. MSAerial utilizes
these metrics when forming safe and sustainable flight operations and in no way do the specification extrema
contained herein constitute normal MSAerial flight parameters.

I. General

            Manufacturer Details

Specification                     Value

Manufacturer                         DJI
Model
Website        SlOOO (Spreading Wings)

Contact (Ph)                   www.dji.com
Contact (Em)
                      us.support@dji.com
                       + 1 (818) 235-0789
                                                 Supplement A : Physical Characteristics ofMSAerial's UAS

II. Physical Characteristics

                                                     Frame                                            Value

Specification                                                                                     1045mm
                                                                                                   386mm
Diagonal Wheelbase
Frame Arm Length                                                                                       325g
Frame Arm Weight(with Motor, ESC, Propeller)                                                     337.5mm
Center Frame D1ameter
Center Frame Weight                                                                                   1330g
Landing Gear Size                                           460mm(L) x 511 mm(W) x 305mm(H)

                                                 Motor

                              Specification                 Value

                              Stator Size        41 xl4m m
                              KV
                              Max Power          400rspomo/wV

                              Weight                     158g

                              Electronic Speed Controller

                              Specification                        Value

                              Stator Size                      41 x 14mm
                              Working Current                           40A
                              Working Voltage
                              Signal Frequency                     6S LiPo
                              Drive PWM Frequency           30Hz 450Hz
                              Weight (with Radiators)
                                                                      8KHz
                                                                         35g

                              Specification      Propeller

                              Material                                         Va lue
                              Size
                              Weight         Performance engineered plastic
                                                                       15 x5.2inch

                                                                            13g

                              Flight Parameters

Specification                                                      Value

TakeoffWeight (with payload)                                 6.0Kg "' ll.OKg
Total Weight (system only)                                                4.2Kg

Power                         Battery LiPo (6S,10Ah 20Ah,15C(Min))
Max lost. Power                                                          4000W
Hovering Power
                                              1500W (@9.5Kg total load)
Hovering Time
                                  oc15min (@15Ah @9.5Kg total load)
Working Temp                                                     -10"' +40

                                   33 SEA AvE, QuiNCY, MA 02169 - 3135

                              M INDI@MSAERIAL.COM +1- (8 57) - 204-2448
Addr:    33 Sea Ave
         Quincy, MA, 02169-31 35
    Ph:  + l -(857)-204-2448
Email:   mi ndi@msaeri al. com
         msaerial.com
 VVeb:

  33 Sea Ave, Quincy, MA

 Docket Management System
 U.S. Dept. ofTransportation
  1200 New Jersey Ave., SE
 Washington, D.C. 20590
 1렁1.111 렁렁 1.1.1.1렁 11.... 1렁 11

                                                                                             MSPhotography, December 31, 2014

Supplement B : Summary Sections of Fligh t O perations and Procedure Manual (FOPM)

Dear Sir or Madam,

I. Introduction
This manual describes the notable roles, tasks, and operations performed by MS photography/MS Aerial. The
aim is to d ocument everything that is needed to be done during a m ission, so it can act as a reference point
for team members.

II. Roles and Responsibilities

As much as is possible, MSAerial staff attempt to have redundancy in expertise and skillsets related to
operations of the UAS.

   Pilot in Command (PIC)
      Piloting the UAV. This will include:
            - Takeoff,
            - Normal Flight,
            - Flight during emergency procedures,
            - Landing,
      Assembling the UAV
       Performs pre-flight checks of the fir mware,
                          Supplement B :Summary Sections ofFlight Operations and Procedure Manual (FOPM)

     Performs pre-flight checks of the hardware,
     Preforms pre-flight checks of the software.

  Spotter

     Relays notable flight parameters such as flight times, battery strength, metrics from the UAS.
     Primary communication link between pilot and on-site safety personnel,
     Will hold physical documents related to current flight,
     Preforms pre-flight checks of the data collection equipment,
     Monitors ground and greater above-ground environment for safety concerns

  Technician

     Assembling the UAV,
     Preforms pre-flight checks of the hardware,
     Performs pre-flight checks of the software,
     Secondary communication link between pilot and on-site safety personnel,
     Relays to the Spotter and records notable flight parameters metrics from the UAS,
     Monitors ground and greater above-ground environment for safety concerns

Ill. Pre-Flight Checklist

A. Before Power Applied

      Check for physical damage and any missing hardware,
      Check all electronics present and connected/ check coord connections are tight.
      Confirm all batteries charged,
      Check all rotors and moving parts for debris that would prevent proper operation.
      Check weather patterns the night beforehand. S!OOO should be raised above the ground when testing

       landing gear or recalibrating servo travel.
      Check data collection equipment for proper operation.
      Check data collection equipment for issues that would impact safe operation of flight package.

B. After Power Source Applied

      Confirm proper power reading of battery,
      Run hardware based systems check,
      Run software based systems check,
      Check flight LED array,
      Confirm proper radio link to flight controller,
      Confirm proper radio link to data collection device controller,
      Confirm secondary controller connection to UAS onboard flight controller,
      Confirm waypoints and geofences are accurate to current flight,
      Confirm desired behavior of emergency i[ifailsafes,
      Check with on-site safety personnel for any changes in goals I flightpath.

                                       33 SEA AvE, QuiNCY, MA 02169 - 3135
                                 MIND! @MSAERIAL.COM + 1 - (8 57) - 204 - 2448
                          Supplement B : Summary Sections ofFlight Operations and Procedure Manual (FOPM)

IV. Flight-time Checklist

      Check with on-site safety personnel for a safe flight area for first flight,
      Record relevant metrics in flight log,
      Check for ground hazards at home-base and rectify,
      Confirm > 8 satellite GPS lock,
      Confirm initial state of controllers,
      Initialize rotors and check for proper operation,
      Perform controlled flight to hover mode approximately 5m above ground,
      Check landing gear flight mode (up) operation,
      Perform controlled multi-axis roll procedure to check for proper orchestrated rotor operation,
      Perform controlled multi-axis (if applicable) control procedure of data collection package,
      Switch controller mode to radial based, check proper operation to maximum 5m distance to PIC and

        return to initial position,
      Return UAS to normal orientation,
      Perform controlled flight to hover mode approximately lm above ground,
      Check landing gear landing mode (down) operation,
      Land the UAS and check for proper de-initialization of rotors,
      Perform controlled flight to hover mode approximately 5m above ground,
      Check landing gear flight mode (up) operation,
      Operate UAS to each waypoint I position until maximum flight time is achieved,
      Return UAS to normal orientation,
      Perform controlled flight to hover mode approximately 1m above ground,
      Check landing gear landing mode (down) operation,
      Land the UAS and check for proper de-initialization of rotors,
      Remove power to the flight package,
      Remove power to the data collection package,
      Remove power to controllers,
      Complete flight log.

V. Standing Procedures

      The Pilot, Spotter, and Technician will be the only MSAerial staff members in the forward flight area.
        On-site personnel will be within verbal range and behind MSAerial staff.

       The maximum power used to control the device is soft limited to 75% in order to maintain power in
         reserve for unforeseen conditions,

       Flight time is limited to 15 minutes and goals will be planned in phases to be accomplished during this
         time.

       Flight time is limited to reserving 25% battery power,
       Flight height is soft limited to visible and unaided line of sight (VLOS), and hard limited to 300ft,

         whichever is less.
       Flight time is limited to operation in safe environmental conditions,
       Flight staff will maintain proximity so as to be in clear and unaided verbal range,
       The PIC will announce all movements to MSAerial and on-site staff so that non-PIC staff members can

         identify possible safety concerns before operation of the UAS to the next waypoint or position,

                                                 33 SEA AvE, Q UINCY, MA 02169-3135

                                MINDI@MSAERIAL.COM +1 - (8 57) - 204-2448
MS Photography/MS Aerial

                               Operations Area (Attached VFR Chart with
                               Coordinates)

                41 59' 13" N I 70 57' 54" w
A C O R D0                     CERTIFICATE OF AIRCRAFT INSURANCE                                                                            OATE (MMIDOIYYYY)

   ~                                                                                                                                 I 10/6/2014

THIS CERTIFICATE IS ISSUED AS A MATTER OF INFORMATION ONLY AND CONFERS NO RIGHTS UPON THE CERTIFICATE HOLDER. THIS

CERTIFICATE DOES NOT AFFIRMATIVELY OR NEGATIVELY AMEND, EXTEND OR ALTER THE COVERAGE AFFORDED BY THE POLICIES

BELOW. THIS CERTIFICATE OF INSURANCE DOES NOT CONSTITUTE A CONTRACT BETWEEN THE ISSUING INSURER(S), AUTHORIZED

REPRESENTATIVE OR PRODUCER, AND THE CERTIFICATE HOLDER.

IMPORTANT: If the certificate holder is an ADDITIONA L INSURED, the policy(ies) must be endorsed. If SUBROGATION IS WAIVED, subj ect to

the terms and condition s of the poli cy, certain policies may require an endorsement. A s tatement on this certificate does not confer rights to the
certificate holder in lieu of such endorse ment(s).

PRODUCER                                                                      CONTACT           T ransport Risk
                                                                              NAME:
       Tran~ort Risk
       1242 B~ Timber Drive, Suite 5                                          I i~8_NJo. Extl: 720.208.0844                          Ir..e~ Nol: 720.208.0845
       Conifer, 0 80433
                                                                               E M A I L
                                                                               ADDRESS:

                                                                              I ~~~~~~~~ ID 1:

INSURED                                                                                               INSURER(S) AFFORDING COVERAGE  % NAIC.

       MS Aerial and MS Photography                                           INSURER A: StarNet insurance Company                   100 40045
       33 Sea Avenue
       Quincy MA 02169                                                        INSURER B:
                                                                              INSURER C:
                                                                              INSURER D :

                                                                              INSURER E :

                                                                                                                                             INSURER F:

THIS IS TO CERTIFY THAT THE POLICIES OF INSURANCE LISTED BELOW HAVE BEEN ISSUED TO THE INSURED NAMED ABOVE FOR THE POLICY PERIOD
INDICATED. NOTWITHSTANDING ANY REQUIREMENT, TERM OR CONDITION OF ANY CONTRACT OR OTHER DOCUMENT WITH RESPECT TO WHICH THIS
CERTIFICATE MAY BE ISSUED OR MAY PERTAIN, THE INSURANCE AFFORDED BY THE POLICIES DESCRIBED HEREIN IS SUBJECT TO ALL THE TERMS,
EXCLUSIONS AND CONDITIONS OF SUCH POLICIES. LIMITS SHOWN MAY HAVE BEEN REDUCED BY PAID CLAIMS.

POLICY INFORMATION                                      CERTIFICATE NUMBER: 21910614                             REVISION NUMBER:

                               IPLEASURE & BUS  COMMERCIAL         AIRPLANE      HELICOPTER                                          QUOTA SHARE
                                                                                 HULL & LIABILITY
                                                            I LIABILITY ONLY

IYEAR MAKE                                              IMODEL                             ISERIAL NUMBER                            IREGISTRATION NUMBER
                                                                                             TRM767                                    N/A
  2014 DJI                                              ls1ooo

TERRITORY:

IAIRCRAFT COVERAGES                                                 IEFFECTIVE DATE    EXPIRATION DATE  IADDITIONAL INSURED? (YIN) SUBROGATION WAIVED? (YIN)
                                                                   I 5/21/201 4                                         yN
INSURER LETTER POLICY NUMBER                                                             5/21/20 15

        A BA-14-05-00210                                OPTIONS               LIMIT                     APPLIES TO   LIMIT                        APPLIES TO

COVERAGE                                                                                                             $

AIRCRAFT HULL                  1--                          1--               $

                                                                              $

AIRCRAFT LIABILITY             ~                            I--               $ 1,000,000               EAOCC        $               EAPER
                                                                              $ EXCLUDED                EAPASS       $               AGGR

MEDICAL PAYMENTS                        INCLUDING CREW                        $ 5,000 EA PER
                     COVERAGE
                               1--
                                I EXCLUDING CREW

CODE           DESCRIPTI ON                             OP TION S             LIMIT                     APPL.IES TO  LIMIT           APPLIES TO

                                    --                                        $                                      $
                                                                              $                                      $

                                    (-- 1--                                   $                                      $
                                                                              $                                      $

                                    f-- f--                                   $                                      $
                                                                              $                                      $

DESCRIPTION OF OPERATIONS I REMARKS (Attach ACORD 101 Additional Remarks Sche dule if more space is required)

It is agreed that the Certificate Holder is included as an Additional Insured under the Aircraft Liability Coverages, but only to the extent of
liability vicariously imposed upon the Certificate Holder solely as the result of an act or omission of the Named Insured or its employees in
connection with the Named Insured 's A ircraft operations, subject to all policy terms. conditions and exclusions.
The Company has made the provision to give the Certificate Holder prompt notice of cancellation of any policy above. But, the company assumes no
responsibility'for failure to provide such notice. This Certificate does not change in any way the actual cover~e.J1!ovided Qy_the_Q_oli<;y,

CERTIFICATE HOLDER                                                            CANCELLATION

Brid~ewater State University                                                    SHOULD ANY OF THE ABOVE DESCRIBED POLICIES BE CANCELLED BEFORE
131 ummer Street                                                                THE EXPIRATION DATE THEREOF, NOTICE WILL BE DELIVERED IN
Bridgewater MA 02325                                                            ACCORDANCE WITH THE POLICY PROVISIONS.

                                                                              AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE

                                                                                          ~-~
                                                                              Diane Beane

                                                                                                    2009 ACORD CORPORATION. All nghts reserved.

ACORD 21 (2009/12)                              The ACORD name and logo are registered marks of ACORD

CERT NO.: 21910614 Diane Deane 10/6/2014 3:20:59 PM (PDTI Page l of 1
            Li                                         -r         HeliDirect
                                                                  730 Eastern Ave. , Umt 096
Invoice : # H599494                                               East Boston, MA 02148
Tuesday, 29 Aprial 2014
                                                                  USA
SOLD TO:                                                          877-HDX-HELI
MS Photography                                                    781 -44 3-6185
Melinda Sogoloski
33 Sea Ave                    Invoice
Quincy, 02169
Massachusetts, United States                 IDELIVER TO:                                                                                                             I   -t-

                                                               jMs Photography                                                                                        I
                                                                                                                                                                      I
                                              IMe linda Sogoloski                                                                                                     I
                                                                                                                                                                      I
                                                        - j33 Sea Ave                                                                                                 II

                                  E.. IjQuincy, 02169
                                                               !Massachusetts, United States

                              - -I

                                                                                                                                                          ~

Order #: H599494              Date of Order: 04/29/2014           Payment method: Credit Card

Products                      SKU                      Qty   Qty  Price (EX)           Total (Inc)
                                                       Ship  80

DJI S1000 PREMIUM, A2 AND ZENMUSE 50 DJ I ~S1 000PA5   1          $6,560.00 $6,560.00
MKII I COMBO SN # 0200020888
                                                                                                                                     I

FUTABA 10JH 2.4G Heli R3008SB S/FHSS FUTK9201          1          $349.98                                                                                    $349.98
Mode 2 SN # 840313003

PLU 15-1 60006 PULSE LIPO 16000mAh 6S 1P PLU15-160006  1          $0.00                                                                                      $0 .00
22.2V 15C

                                                                  SubTotal:

                                                                  Shipping Cost:                                                                             $0.00

                                                                               Total:  $6, 909 .98
                                                             Total Pay!flent Paid:      $7,519.96

                                                                  Total Refunded:         $609.98
FAA UAS Civil COA Request

Any information that is provided is bound by the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) and may be releasable. This
requires compliance to FOIA and consent to the release of your information. If you do not consent to the release of
your information, you must contact us for further guidance. For more information, please visit http://www.foia.gov/.

Date I J}x. ,f.즜- lbl'l                 333 Exemption # or
                                         Federal Register Docket#

Proponent Information

Contact Name              !Melinda Sokoloski

Company Name              IMS Photography DBA MS Aerial

Street Address 1          j33 Sea Ave

Street Address 2

City lauincy

State                     IMA                 Zip Code .._10_2_16_9_ _ _ _ ___,
Phone Number
                          Iss?-204-2448

E-mail Address            lmindi@msaerial.com

Aircraft System

Aircraft Type             IUAV
Aircraft Registration
                          lsN # o2aoo2osss

Performance Characteristics

Climb Rate                1350 feet per minute  Descent Rate       1250/350 per minute
(Feet/Minute)                                   (Feet/M inute)
Turn Rate            laointroversive and a 3 ~      Approach Speed !maximum thrust of 2.!i4
(Degrees/Second)                                          Min !Hover

Cruise          Max !30-45 mph                       Launch/Recovery !Automated Return to ~
Speed

Gross Takeoff Weight 111 kg Max

Operational Information

Location             Bridgewater State University ( 131 Summer Street, Bridgewater, MA
A ltitude
                     02324) Possibly other privately owned locations within the New England

                     ~~~~                                                                    e

                     1200 Feet                   Distance from
                                                 nearest Town/City

Description of       Melinda Sokoloski along with a pilot and an observer have been
Operation            asked to film a few moments of B roll in a tightly controlled
                     enviroment. On the Campus of Bridgewater State university. There
                     will be a few days of filming . Projected filming for other companies
                     would take place in similar conditions , meaning saftey and education
                     wou ld be on the forefront. This includes knowijng regulations and
                     weather conditions.

Operations Area (Attach VFR Chart with Coordinates)

Class of Airspace                D B (Requires FAA HQ approval)

DA                               oc

D Under Mode C Veil              DE

oo                               D G (With an operational ATC Tower)

llJ G

Flight Conditions

llJ VFR D IFR

Air Traffic Communication

D VHF              Transmitter   Receiver            Guard (Emergency Frequency)

                   0 Yes         0 Yes               0 Yes
                                 0 No
                   0 No                              0 No
!Z] UHF  Transmitter  Receiver                            Guard (Emergency Frequency)

         @ Yes        @ Yes                               @ Yes

         0 No         0 No                                0 No

Procedures                                                2. LL A ltitude

Lost Link Procedures                                      1450 feet
1. How long to activate LL procedure
lmmeditely after line of sight may be                     4. Lost Link Point
                                                          Beyond line of sight. We do not fly beyond
compromised . There are 2 spotters at all times .c        line of sight.

3. Lost Link Route
f I tell it to or the signal is dropped it will fly back
to where it is told . I preprogram the altitude it ii:

5. Flight Termination Point
Never beyond line of sight and below 450'

Lost Communication Procedures

1. Between Pilot and Air Traffic Control

The MSPhotography/MS Aerial team would never be within in the range of airfields or restricted
airspace. The coordinates are: 41  59' 25" N I 70 58' 32" W

2. Between Pilot and Observer

Procedurally we would not allow an observer to be any farther than speaking distance. It can be
said that fundamentally , the primary role of the observer is to maintain communication with the pilot
as a first directive..
Observer

Line of Sight of Observer

1Z1 Yes
D Other

Observer Location          !Close enough to be with in speaking distance. lij
Time of Day
Transponder                @ Day 0 Night 0 Both

                           @ Yes  Mode C         D

                           0 No
                           0 N/A

Please return completed form to 9-AJV-115-UASOrganization@faa.gov.
