April 17, 2015

                                                          Exemption No. 11354
                                                          Regulatory Docket No. FAA-2014-1100

Mr. Ryan E. Hill
UAS Project Manager
Natalie Contracting, LLC
2128 Gould Court
Rockdale, IL 60436

Dear Mr. Hill:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

The Basis for Our Decision

By letter dated December 22, 2014, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration
(FAA) on behalf of Natalie Contracting, LLC (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an
exemption. The exemption would allow the petitioner to operate an unmanned aircraft system
(UAS) to conduct aerial videography and cinematography throughout Illinois and Indiana.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a DJI Phantom II.
                                                                                                                 2

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Natalie Contracting, LLC is granted an exemption from
14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c),
91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to
the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Natalie Contracting, LLC is hereafter referred to as the operator.
                                                                                                                 3

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom II
         when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any
         other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC must
         be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
         documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
         Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
         limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
         the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
         Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
         documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
         operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
         documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
                                                                                                            4

    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update or
    revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then the
    operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's UAS
    Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding updates or
    revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g. replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g. inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and aircraft
    components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer safety
    bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
                                                                                                            5

    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current FAA-
    published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a pre-
    determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification (N-
    Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must be
    as large as practicable.
                                                                                                               6

   23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
       any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
       PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating. These
       documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
       official upon request.

   24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
       activities at all times.

   25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

   26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
       persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
          a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
             from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
             that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
             where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
             the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
             of nonparticipating persons; and
          b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
             for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
             the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
             present an undue hazard.

       The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
       nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

   27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
       permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
       Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
       obtained for each flight to be conducted.

   28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
       boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
       to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
       reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
       contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

   29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
       as documented in this grant of exemption.
                                                                                                                 7

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.

This exemption terminates on April 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service
                               UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
                          DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION
                        FEDERAL AVIATION ADMINISTRATION

                                       WASHINGTON, DC

                          Regulatory Docket No. _

          IN THE MATTER OF THE PETITION FOR EXEMPTION OF:
                             NATALIE CONTRACTING, LLC.

FOR AN EXEMPTION SEEKING RELIEF FROM THE REQUIREMENTS OF
             TITLE 14 OF THE CODE OF FEDERAL REGULATIONS
            SECTIONS 91.9(b), 91.203(a), 91.203(b), 45.23(b) AND 21.185

   CONCERNING OPERATION OF AN UNMANNED AIRCRAFT SYSTEM
                  OVER THE STATE OF ILLINOIS AND INDIANA
                         PURSUANT TO SECTION 333 OF THE

               FAA MODERNIZATION AND REFORM ACT OF 2012

                                                         Submitted on December 22, 2014
                                                         Ryan E. Hill
                                                         Natalie Contracting, LLC.
                                                         2128 Gould Ct.
                                                         Rockdale, Illinois 60436-9531
                                                         Tel: (708) 259-0009
                                                         Fax: (708) 429-0795
                                                         Petitioner
                                          TABLE OF CONTENTS
                                                                                                          Page

GLOSSARY OF ABBREVIATIONS .................................................................................3
SUMMARY .........................................................................................................................4
INTRODUCTION AND INTERESTS OF PETITIONER .................................................4
BACKGROUND .................................................................................................................5
BASIS FOR PETITION ......................................................................................................6

    NAME AND ADDRESS OF PETITIONER.................................................................7
    THE SPECIFIC SECTIONS OF 14 C.F.R. FROM WHICH NATALIE
    CONTRACTING, LLC. SEEKS EXEMPTION. .........................................................7
    THE EXTENT OF RELIEF NATALIE CONTRACTING, LLC. SEEKS AND THE
    REASON NATALIE CONTRACTING, LLC. SEEKS THE RELIEF.....................9
    THE REASONS WHY GRANTING NATALIE CONTRACTING, LLC.'S
    REQUEST WOULD BE IN THE PUBLIC INTEREST ............................................12
    THE REASONS WHY GRANTING THE EXEMPTION WOULD NOT
    ADVERSELY AFFECT SAFETY..............................................................................16
    SUMMARY THAT CAN BE PUBLISHED IN THE FEDERAL REGISTER..........28
    ANY ADDITIONAL INFORMATION, VIEWS, OR ARGUMENTS AVAILABLE
    TO SUPPORT NATALIE CONTRACTING, LLC.'S REQUEST. ............................29
CONCLUSION.................................................................................................................30

                                                         2
AGL                 GLOSSARY OF ABBREVIATIONS
ATC          Above Ground Level
COA          Air Traffic Control
FAA          Certificate of Authorization
FAR          Federal Aviation Administration
NAS          Federal Aviation Regulation
Section 333  National Airspace System
SMS          FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012, Section 333
UAS          Safety Management System
VFR           Unmanned Aircraft System
VMC          Visual Flight Rules
             Visual Meteorological Conditions

             3
                                                   SUMMARY
         Natalie Contracting, LLC. seeks exemption from the requirements of 14 C.F.R. §§
         91.9(b),
91.203(a), 91.203(b), 45.23(b) and 21.185. This exemption will permit Natalie Contracting,
LLC. to operate an Unmanned Aircraft System ("UAS") over areas of the States of Illinois and
Indiana, while keeping the documents required by the regulations at the ground control station
and immediately accessible to the pilot in command. Furthermore, the exemption will relieve
Natalie Contracting, LLC. from the airworthiness certificate standards and the requirement to
have a certificate of airworthiness issued for its UAS. This exemption will also permit any
required markings concerning the operational status of the UAS to be displayed on the fuselage
of the unmanned aircraft.

                  INTRODUCTION AND INTERESTS OF THE PETITIONER
         Natalie Contracting, LLC. (hereinafter referred to as "Natalie") is a startup contracting
firm servicing the transportation and infrastructure industries as well as the motion picture
industry. Natalie has recently acquired a DJI Phantom II Unmanned Aircraft System (hereinafter
referred to as the "DJI Phantom II UAS"). As set forth in this Petition, Natalie seeks to operate
its DJI Phantom II UAS for the special purpose of aerial videography and cinematography,
jobsite pre-construction video documentation, infrastructure and railroad inspection, and post-job
as-built video documentation.

                                                         4
                                                BACKGROUND
                       Unmanned Aircraft System: DJI Phantom II UAS
         Natalie seeks an exemption to operate a DJI Phantom II UAS, Serial No.
PH645423185 V2.0, registration number1 to be determined, for compensation or hire within
the national airspace system ("NAS"). The DJI Phantom II UAS is comprised of an
unmanned quad-rotor aircraft and a transportable ground station. The DJI Phantom II UAS
has a maximum gross weight of approximately 4.4 pounds (2000 grams), while having a
diagonal length of 13.7 inches (350mm). The DJI Phantom II unmanned quad-rotor is
equipped with four independent electric motors turning fixed pitch rotors powered by a single
Lithium Polymer battery.

                        Figure 1: The DJI Phantom II UAS
1 Natalie has not reserved a registration number, but will submit an Aircraft Registration
Application upon the grant of the exemptions sought by this Petition.

                                                         5
                  Proven Operational History of the DJI Phantom II UAS in the NAS
         The DJI Phantom II UAS is a common, commercially available, model of remote multi-
rotor aircraft. It is currently operating safely within the NAS pursuant to Advisory Circular 91-
57, June 9, 1981. The DJI Phantom family of aircraft has been operating worldwide since 2006.

                                           BASIS FOR PETITION
         Petitioner, Natalie Contracting, LLC., by and through undersigned, pursuant to the
provisions of the Federal Aviation Regulations (14 C.F.R. § 11.61) and the FAA Modernization
and Reform Act of 2012, Section 333, Special Rules for Certain Unmanned Aircraft Systems,
hereby petitions the Administrator for an exemption from the requirements of 14 C.F.R. §§
91.9(b), 91.203(a), 91.203(b), 45.23(b), as well as the restricted category airworthiness
certification standards specified in 14 C.F.R. § 21.185, including the requirement to have a
certificate of airworthiness as contemplated by 14 C.F.R. Part 21.
         In the alternative, and in accordance with Federal Aviation Regulation ("FAR") Section
21.16, entitled Special Conditions (14 C.F.R. § 21.16), Natalie respectfully requests that the
Administrator prescribe special conditions for the intended operation of the DJI Phantom II UAS
that contain such safety standards as the Administrator finds necessary to establish a level of
safety equivalent to that established by the restricted category airworthiness certification
standards specified in 14 C.F.R. § 21.185. In the alternative, Natalie seeks an exemption from

                                                         6
the requirement to have a certificate of airworthiness issued for its DJI Phantom II UAS, as

otherwise contemplated by 14 C.F.R. Part 21.

         In accordance with 14 C.F.R. § 11.81, Natalie provides the following information in

support of its petition for exemption:

A. Name And Address Of The Petitioner.

                  The name and address of the Petitioner is:

                  Natalie Contracting, LLC
                  2128 Gould Ct.
                  Rockdale, IL 60436-9531

                  The point of contact for this Petition and specific contact information is as
                  follows:

                  Ryan Hill
                  UAS Project Manager
                  Natalie Contracting, LLC
                  1101 Ryehill Drive
                  Joliet, Illinois 60431-8640
                  Tel: (708) 259-0009
                  Fax: (708) 429-0795
                  Email: ryan@nataliecontracting.com

B. The Specific Sections Of 14 C.F.R. From Which Natalie Seeks Exemption.

         1. Natalie Seeks Exemption From The Requirement Of Section 91.9(b).

         Natalie seeks an exemption from 14 C.F.R. § 91.9(b). Section 91.9 entitled Civil

aircraft flight manual, marking, and placard requirements, subsection (b) states the following:

         (b) No person may operate a U.S.-registered civil aircraft--

         (1) For which an Airplane or Rotorcraft Flight Manual is required by § 21.5 of this
         chapter unless there is available in the aircraft a current, approved Airplane or Rotorcraft
         Flight Manual or the manual provided for in § 121.141(b); and

         (2) For which an Airplane or Rotorcraft Flight Manual is not required by § 21.5 of this
         chapter, unless there is available in the aircraft a current approved Airplane or Rotorcraft
         Flight Manual, approved manual material, markings, and placards, or any combination
         thereof.

                                                         7
         2. Natalie Seeks Exemption From The Requirements Of Sections 91.203(a)
                  and 91.203(b).

         Natalie seeks an exemption from 14 C.F.R. § 91.203(a) and (b). Section 91.203

entitled Civil aircraft: Certifications required, subsections (a) and (b) state the following:

         (a) Except as provided in § 91.715, no person may operate a civil aircraft unless it has
         within it the following:

         (1) An appropriate and current airworthiness certificate. Each U.S. airworthiness
         certificate used to comply with this subparagraph (except a special flight permit, a copy
         of the applicable operations specifications issued under § 21.197(c) of this chapter,
         appropriate sections of the air carrier manual required by parts 121 and 135 of this
         chapter containing that portion of the operations specifications issued under § 21.197(c),
         or an authorization under § 91.611) must have on it the registration number assigned to
         the aircraft under part 47 of this chapter. However, the airworthiness certificate need not
         have on it an assigned special identification number before 10 days after that number is
         first affixed to the aircraft. A revised airworthiness certificate having on it an assigned
         special identification number, that has been affixed to an aircraft, may only be obtained
         upon application to an FAA Flight Standards district office.

         (2) An effective U.S. registration certificate issued to its owner or, for operation within
         the United States, the second copy of the Aircraft registration Application as provided for
         in § 47.31(c), or a registration certification issued under the laws of a foreign country.

         (b) No person may operate a civil aircraft unless the airworthiness certificate required by
         paragraph (a) of this section or a special flight authorization issued under § 91.715 is
         displayed at the cabin or cockpit entrance so that it is legible to passengers or crew.

         3. Natalie Seeks Exemption From The Requirements Of Section 45.23(b).

         Natalie seeks an exemption from 14 C.F.R. § 45.23(b). Section 45.23 entitled Display of

marks; general, subsection (b), states the following:

         (b) When marks include only the Roman capital letter "N" and the registration number is
         displayed on limited, restricted or light-sport category aircraft or experimental or
         provisionally certificated aircraft, the operator must also display on that aircraft near each
         entrance to the cabin, cockpit, or pilot station, in letters not less than 2 inches nor more
         than 6 inches high, the words "limited," "restricted," "light-sport," "experimental," or
         "provisional," as applicable.

                                                         8
         4. Natalie Requests Relief To Exempt The DJI Phantom II UAS From The
                  Restricted Category Airworthiness Certification Standards Specified In
                  14 C.F.R. §21.185.

         In accordance with the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012, Section 333, and
14 C.F.R. § 21.16 entitled Special Conditions, Natalie seeks to exempt the DJI Phantom II UAS
from the restricted category airworthiness certification specified in 14 C.F.R. § 21.185, or the
requirement to have a certificate of airworthiness issued, as contemplated by 14 C.F.R. Part

21. Section 21.185 entitled Issue of airworthiness certificates for restricted category aircraft,
states the following, in part:

         (a) Aircraft manufactured under a production certificate or type certificate. An applicant
         for the original issue of a restricted category airworthiness certificate for an aircraft type
         certificated in the restricted category, that was not previously type certificated in any
         other category, must comply with the appropriate provisions of § 21.183.
C. The Extent Of Relief Natalie Seeks And The Reason Natalie Seeks The Relief.
         1. Extent Of Relief Natalie Seeks And The Reason Natalie Seeks Relief

                  From Section 91.9(b).
         Relief is requested because the DJI Phantom II UAS weighs approximately 4.4 pounds
(2000 grams) at its maximum gross weight and cannot carry the approved Airplane Flight
Manual onboard. Furthermore, since the DJI Phantom II UAS is unmanned, the aircrew
member is located at a ground control station. As such, Natalie proposes the following
conditions and limitations to its request for exemption from Section 91.9(b):

         The approved Airplane Flight Manual must be kept at the ground control station, where it
         is immediately available for reference by the aircrew member (pilot in command) of the
         DJI Phantom II UAS any time the unmanned aircraft is operating.
         The approved Airplane Flight Manual must be made available within 10 days to any
         FAA, U.S. Department of Defense, or law enforcement official upon request.

                                                         9
         2. The Extent Of Relief Natalie Seeks And The Reason Natalie Seeks Relief
                  From Section 91.203(a) and (b).

         Natalie requests relief from the requirement of Section 91.203(a) (i.e., that an appropriate
and current airworthiness certificate and an effective U.S. registration certificate be carried
within the aircraft), and further, requests relief from the requirement of Section 91.203(b) (i.e.,
that the airworthiness certificate be displayed at the cabin or cockpit entrance so that it is legible
to passengers or crew). As the DJI Phantom II UAS is unmanned, it has no cabin,
cockpit, pilot station, or entrances thereto. Therefore, the aircrew member is located at a ground
control station and no passengers are carried at any time. As such, Natalie proposes the
following conditions and limitations to its request for exemption from Sections 91.203(a) and
(b):

         The documents required by Sections 91.203(a) and (b) must be kept at the ground control
         station, where it is immediately available to the aircrew member (pilot in command) of
         the DJI Phantom II UAS any time the unmanned aircraft is operating.
         The documents required by 91.203(a) and (b) must be made available within 10 days to
         any FAA, U.S. Department of Defense, or law enforcement official upon request.
         3. The Extent Of Relief Natalie Seeks And The Reason Natalie Seeks Relief

                  From 14 C.F.R. § 45.23(b).
         Natalie requests relief from the requirement of Section 45.23(b), if applicable, that the
word "Restricted" be displayed on the DJI Phantom II UAS near each entrance to the cabin,
cockpit, or pilot station. As the DJI Phantom II UAS is unmanned, it has no cabin, cockpit, pilot
station, or entrances thereto. Natalie proposes that, if required, the word "Restricted" be
displayed in letters two (2) inches high, horizontally on both sides of the fuselage between the
outrunner arms on all sides of the DJI Phantom II UAS.

                                                         10
         4. The Extent Of Relief Natalie Seeks And The Reason Natalie Seeks Relief
                  From 14 C.F.R. § 21.185.

         Natalie seeks relief from the airworthiness certificate requirements of the Federal
Aviation Regulations and proposes to commercially operate the DJI Phantom II UAS, without an
airworthiness certificate, for the special purpose of conducting aerial videography services over

the States of Illinois and Indiana. Natalie seeks relief from the airworthiness certificate
requirements of 14 C.F.R. § 21.185 to the extent that the DJI Phantom II UAS, which has not yet
been type certificated by the FAA, may be operated as if it were a restricted category aircraft for a
single, defined, special purpose operation (i.e., aerial videography).

         Pursuant to the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012, Section 333 ("Section
333"), Natalie seeks relief from the airworthiness certificate requirements of the FAR because
operation of the DJI Phantom II UAS will not create a hazard to users of the NAS, or the public,
or otherwise pose a threat to national security.

         Section 333 sets forth the requirements for considering whether a UAS will create a
hazard to users of the NAS or the public or pose a threat to national security. Further, Section

333 provides the authority for such UAS to operate without airworthiness certification.
Specifically, Section 333 states the following, in part:

         (b) Assessment of Unmanned Aircraft Systems.--In making the determination under
         subsection (a), the Secretary shall determine, at a minimum--
         (1) which types of unmanned aircraft systems, if any, as a result of their size, weight,
         speed, operational capability, proximity to airports and populated areas, and operation
         within visual line of sight do not create a hazard to users of the national airspace system
         or the public or pose a threat to national security; and
         (2) whether a certificate of waiver, certificate of authorization, or airworthiness
         certification under section 44704 of title 49, United States Code, is required for the
         operation of unmanned aircraft systems identified under paragraph (1).

                                                         11
         As set forth below, numerous factors, including the proven safe operational history of
the DJI Phantom II UAS in the NAS, as well as the specific parameters of Natalie's intended
operation pursuant to this exemption, demonstrate that the DJI Phantom II UAS has in the
past, and will continue in the future, to operate safely in the NAS without creating a hazard to
other aircraft or people on the ground. Accordingly, the FAA may approve operation of the
DJI Phantom II UAS, without an airworthiness certificate, by setting forth specific operating
limitations to ensure a level of safety equivalent to what would be provided by
airworthiness certification.
D. The Reasons Why Granting Natalie's Request Would Be In The Public

         Interest; That Is, How It Would Benefit The Public As a Whole.
         Granting the present Petition will further the public interest by allowing Natalie to
safely, efficiently, and economically perform aerial videography services over the States of
Illinois and Indiana in support of government entities, transportation and water infrastructure
entities, and the motion picture industry. Additionally, use of the DJI Phantom II UAS will
decrease congestion of the NAS, reduce pollution, and provide significant benefits to the
economy. Notably, the benefits of the proposed operation of the DJI Phantom II UAS will
be realized without implicating any privacy issues.
         1. The Public Will Benefit From Aerial Videography

         Natalie submits this Petition to perform aerial videography throughout the States of
Illinois and Indiana, in support of government entities, transportation and water
infrastructure entities, and the motion picture industry. The DJI Phantom II UAS will
provide safe, efficient, and economical aerial videography operations to further each of
these fields, all of which are critical to the well-being of the general public.

         The specific operations that Natalie will perform with the DJI Phantom II UAS
                                                         12
demonstrate how the requested exemption will directly benefit the above-referenced
industries and the public. In the transportation and water infrastructure industry, the DJI
Phantom II UAS will be used to aid in facility inspections, surveying and planning new
worksites, and performing right of way analysis. The DJI Phantom II UAS can carry various
cameras for day and night inspection, can be equipped with additional sensors such as sniffers
and are programmable to fly specific routes regularly. The DJI Phantom II UAS can inspect
larger areas, in different ways, in less time and at lower costs. In addition, the more frequent
regular inspections facilitate faster problem recognition, resulting in fewer negative
externalities. In the motion picture industry, the DJI Phantom II UAS will be used to gather
video footage not otherwise attainable by traditional means. The advantage of unmanned
systems is that they provide overviews which normally require several cameras, can enter
narrow and confined spaces and produce little noise. The DJI Phantom II UAS provides a
great alternative to helicopters in that they can provide images from similar altitudes, with
gyro stabilized cameras and modular platforms at a fraction of the cost. This solution can
dramatically increase the applicability, improve the quality and decrease the costs of aerial
videography for the motion picture industry.

         2. The Public Will Benefit From Decreased Congestion Of The NAS.
         The DJI Phantom II UAS is a battery powered UAS that serves as a safe, efficient,
and economical alternative to the manned aircraft traditionally utilized to obtain aerial
imagery. By reducing the amount of manned aircraft needed to perform aerial videography,
an exemption allowing the use of a DJI Phantom II UAS would reduce the amount of
manned aircraft in the NAS, reduce noise and air pollution, as well as increase the safety of
life and property in the air and on the ground.
         Furthermore, by reducing the number of manned aircraft operating in the NAS,

                                                         13
congestion around airports caused by arriving and departing aircraft will be reduced. The
DJI Phantom II UAS does not require an airport to takeoff or land. Likewise, a reduction of
manned aircraft conducting aerial survey missions would result in fewer aircraft that must be
handled by air traffic control facilities during the ground, takeoff, departure, arrival, and
landing phases of flight operations.

           3. The Public Will Benefit From The Safety And Efficiency Of The DJI
           Phantom II UAS.
           Conducting aerial videography with the DJI Phantom II UAS, instead of manned
aircraft, will greatly benefit the public by drastically reducing the levels of air and noise
pollution generated during traditional aerial videography flight operations. By using battery
power and electric motors, the DJI Phantom II UAS produces no air pollution, and is the most
viable environmentally conscious alternative to piston or turbine powered rotorcraft. The DJI
Phantom II UAS, while reducing the carbon footprint of aerial videography, also eliminates
noise pollution as its battery powered electric motors are barely audible during the take-off
phase, and cannot be heard when operating more than 100 feet above ground level.
           By using the DJI Phantom II UAS to perform aerial videography, the substantial
risk to life and property in the air and on the ground, which is usually associated with
traditional manned aircraft flight operations, will be substantially reduced or completely
eliminated. Aside from the lack of aircrew members located onboard the aircraft, the DJI
Phantom II UAS (weighing approximately 4.4pounds (2000 grams) at its maximum gross
weight with a diagonal length of 13.7 inches (350mm), with no fuel on board), has less
physical potential for collateral damage to
life and property on the ground, and in the air, compared to the manned aircraft that
typically conduct aerial videography (weighing approximately 4,450pounds with a

                                                         14
rotor diameter of approximately 34 feet, and a fuel capacity of 110 gallons).
       The DJI Phantom II UAS has several safety features which will minimize the

potential for fly-aways and maximize the safe and efficient use of the aircraft in the
NAS. The DJI Phantom II UAS Naza-M-V2 controller provides Intelligent Orientation
control (Home Lock and Course Lock features). The Home Lock feature allows for a
safe return should the operator (i.e. Pilot in Command) get disoriented as to the
direction the aircraft is moving. Once activated on the remote control, the operator can
simply pull back on the right control stick and the DJI Phantom II UAS will return to
the remote control regardless of the aircraft's location from the remote control. The
Course Lock feature will allow the operator to maintain a specific course regardless of
aircraft orientation. The Naza-M-V2 controller also provides for fail safe and lost-link
safeguards. The fail safe feature means that when the controller link is lost all outputs
of the command sticks from the controller will go the center point. An example would
be if the aircraft is in a climbing right turn and the communication link is lost, the
aircraft would go into a level hover and not continue with the last assigned controller
instructions. After 3 seconds of the lost-link scenario, the aircraft will climb or descent
(based on altitude the lost-link occurs) to a pre-assigned altitude and return to the point
of departure and land itself. A more detailed description of each system is attached as
Exhibit A.

         4. Performing Aerial Videography Operations With The DJI Phantom
                  II UAS Will Benefit The Economy.

         In addition to being safe and efficient, the DJI Phantom II UAS is also an economical
alternative to using manned aircraft to conduct aerial videography. As such, operation of the
DJI Phantom II UAS will allow United States based companies, like Natalie, to remain

                                                         15
competitive and contribute to growth of the U.S. economy. Specifically, with the rising cost
of aviation fuel and the Environmental Protection Agency ("EPA") regulatory actions
phasing out leaded fuels, U.S. owned and operated companies must adopt new and
alternative technology in order to remain competitive.

         Operating the battery powered DJI Phantom II UAS is one such technology that not
only allows companies greater operational flexibility compared to manned aircraft, but
provides such flexibility without the high operational cost of a traditional manned aircraft.

         By operating the DJI Phantom II UAS, companies such as Natalie can remain
competitive and profitable, and therefore provide greater job stability to employees and
contractors, which will ultimately contribute to growth of the U.S. economy. Improved
financial performance of U.S. companies, through commercial use of the DJI Phantom II
UAS, provides a stable workforce that increases consumer spending; improves local, state,
and federal tax revenues; and allows companies to invest in research and development in
order to remain competitive both in the United States and abroad.

         5. There Are No Privacy Issues.
         Like the manned aerial videography flight operations that have been conducted for
decades, the proposed operation of the DJI Phantom II UAS will not implicate any privacy
issues. Specifically, the DJI Phantom II UAS will be operated over the public right-of-way
or above private property with the property owner/controllers consent, and in accordance
with all Federal Aviation Regulations.
E. The Reasons Why Granting The Exemption Would Not Adversely Affect Safety,
         Or How The Exemption Would Provide A Level Of Safety At Least Equal To
         That Provided By The Rule From Which Natalie Seeks Exemption.
         1. Reasons Why An Exemption From The Requirements Of Section

                  91.9(b) Would Not Adversely Affect Safety.

                                                         16
         This exemption would maintain the level of safety established by Section 91.9(b)
because Natalie will keep the approved Airplane Flight Manual at the ground control station
where the pilot in command flying the DJI Phantom II UAS will have immediate access to
the document.

         Previous exemptions granted by the FAA concerning Section 91.9(b) establish that
safety is not adversely affected when the approved Aircraft Flight Manual is kept at the
ground control station of a UAS, where it can be immediately accessed by the pilot in
command. Section
91.9(b) "requires aircraft to carry the flight manual so the pilot would have ready access to
the aircraft limitations while in flight." Exemption No. 8607. However, the FAA has also
found that UAS will always be operated without any passengers or crew onboard, and that
"requiring these special-use aircraft [UAS] to carry superfluous paper documents may
present a safety hazard to the integrity of the [UAS]." Id.

         The FAA has previously granted exemptions in circumstances similar, in all
material respects, to those presented herein (e.g., Exemption Nos. 8607, 8737, 8738, 9299,
9430, 9554,
9564, 9565, 10167, 10602, 10673, 10835, 10869, 10968).

         2. Reasons Why An Exemption From The Requirements Of Section
                  91.203(a) And (b) Would Not Adversely Affect Safety.

         This exemption would maintain the level of safety established by Sections 91.203(a)
and (b) because Natalie will keep the required documents at the ground control station where
the pilot in command flying the DJI Phantom II UAS will have immediate access.

         Previous exemptions granted by the FAA concerning Sections 91.203(a) and (b)
establish that safety is not adversely affected when the Airworthiness Certificate and U.S.

                                                         17
registration certificate are kept at the ground control station of the UAS, where it can be

immediately accessed by the pilot in command. Specifically, the FAA has held that the intent

of Sections

91.203(a) and (b) is better served by having the required documents in the control of the UAS

operator (pilot in command), reasoning as follows:

         The original intent of the subject regulation was to display the airworthiness and
         registration documents so they would be easily available to FAA inspectors and
         passengers for inspection and verification of the airworthiness and registration of
         the aircraft . . . In this case, the aircraft will always be operated without any
         passengers or crew.

         The missions for which UASs are intended will prevent the aircraft from being
         available for the inspections normally prescribed for civil aircraft. Further, it will be
         operated on strictly confined missions from a known departure and arrival point,
         under the constant control of a pilot-in-command. We also find that requiring these
         special-use aircraft to carry superfluous paper documents may present a safety
         hazard to the integrity of the [UAS].

         FAA operating limitations and special arrangements with Air Traffic Control (ATC)
         for surveillance of [UAS] flights adequately compensate for the requirements for
         carrying airworthiness and registration documents. We find the intent of the
         regulation is better served by having the required documents in the control of the
         aircraft operator and available for inspection under the special conditions prescribed
         in this exemption.

         The FAA has previously granted exemptions in circumstances similar, in all

material respects, to those presented herein (e.g., Exemption Nos. 8607, 8737, 8738, 9299,

9564, 9565,

10167, 10602, 10673, 10835, 10869, 10968).

         3. Reasons Why An Exemption From The Requirements Of 14 C.F.R.
                  § 45.23(b) Would Not Adversely Affect Safety.

         This exemption would maintain the level of safety established by Section 45.23(b)

because if required, displaying the word "Restricted" with two (2) inch high letters,

horizontally between outrunners on all four sides of the DJI Phantom II UAS, will inform all

                                                         18
parties of the unmanned aircraft's overall operating status.
         Significantly, Natalie will display the word "Restricted" in two (2) inch high letters

in compliance with size requirement of Section 45.23(b) (i.e., "letters not less than 2 inches
nor more than 6 inches high"). By placing the letters horizontally between outrunners on
all four sides of the DJI Phantom II UAS, will ensure that the word "Restricted" is the in
most visible location, so that all parties will be informed of the unmanned aircraft's overall
operating status.

         The FAA has previously granted exemptions in circumstances similar, in all
material respects, to those presented herein (e.g., Exemption Nos. 8737, 10167, 10167A,
10700, 10810).

         4. Reasons Why An Exemption From The Requirements Of 14 C.F.R. §
                  21.185, Including The Requirement To Have A Certificate Of
                  Airworthiness, Would Not Adversely Affect Safety.

         In seeking this exemption, Natalie submits that the DJI Phantom II UAS can operate
safely in the NAS above the States of Illinois and Indiana without creating a hazard to other
aircraft or people on the ground. Accordingly, the FAA may approve its use without an
airworthiness certificate as demonstrated by: (i) the safe operational history and current use of
the DJI Phantom II UAS in the NAS; (ii) the characteristics of the DJI Phantom II UAS; (iii)
the limited area of Natalie's intended operation; (iv) the Safety Management System Natalie
has developed for DJI Phantom II UAS operations and maintenance; (v) the commercial pilot
requirement; (vi) the specific operating limitations; and (vii) any other conditions that the
Administrator may prescribe.

                   i. The DJI Phantom II UAS Has A Proven History Of Operation In
                   The

                            NAS Pursuant To Advisory Circular 91-57, June 9, 1981.
                                                         19
         The DJI Phantom II UAS is currently operating safely in the NAS pursuant to

Advisory Circular 91-57, Model Aircraft Operating Standards. The DJI Phantom II UAS

has been operated worldwide since 2006.

                   ii. The Specifications Of The DJI Phantom II UAS Demonstrate
                                                          Its Safe

                           Characteristics.

         The DJI Phantom II UAS does not create a hazard to users of the NAS or the

public, or otherwise pose a threat to national security considering its size, weight, speed,

or operational capability. The specifications of the DJI Phantom II UAS are as follows:

Unmanned Aircraft  The DJI Phantom II is an Unmanned Aircraft System that is
       System      comprised of an unmanned quad-rotor aircraft and a transportable
                   ground station. Model Number P330Z

Serial No.         PH45423185 V2.0

Unmanned Aircraft Diagonal Length:

Dimensions         13.7 inches (350mm)

      Engine       Engine (Propulsive Unit)
(Propulsive Unit)
                   (4) Multistar P/N : 2212 (Electric) FAA
                   Engine Type Cert: None
                   Propulsive Unit Type: (1) 11.1V 5200mAh, Lithium polymer
                   battery powered, brushless electric motors

                                    20
                  Motor, Controller Sub-Assembly:
                  Manufacturer: DJI Innovations
                  Model: Naza-M
                  Type: Motor Controller
                  3.15W (0.25A@12.6V) Maximum
                  27 grams Wt.

                  Motor, Battery:
                  Manufacturer: DJI Innovations
                  Type: 3S Lithium Polymer
                  5200 milliamp hour
                  11.1V (nominal)

Fuel Not Applicable.
                              NOTE: The DJI Phantom II UAS is powered by a Lithium
                              Polymer rechargeable battery, DJI, Inc. P/N 733496-
                              5200mAh-11.1V.

Engine (Propulsive Unit) Maximum Power Output: 130 Watts

Limits            Maximum RPM: 920Kv (rpm/v)

 Propeller and    (4) DJI Innovations
Propeller Limits  FAA Propeller Type Certificate: None
                  Propeller Type: 2-blade, ABS plastic, fixed pitch
                  Propeller Sub-Assembly:
                  Manufacturer: DJI Innovations
                  Model: 9450 10x4.5mm
                  Diameter (Nominal): 10 in.

Battery Command & DJI Innovations battery powers the motor, and internal battery

Control           powers the command and control ground station (remote).

Airspeed Limits   Vne (Never Exceed Speed) 29 knot (15 m/s)
                  Vno (Maximum Structural Cruising Speed) Not Applicable
                  Va (Maneuvering Speed) Not Applicable
                  Landing Speed: Not Applicable

Mean Aerodynamic  Not Applicable
   Chord (MAC)

                                  21
Leveling Means   Not Applicable.

Maximum Weights  Ramp 4.4 lbs (2000 grams)
                 Takeoff 4.4 lbs (2000 grams)
                 Landing 4.4 lbs (2000 grams)

Empty Weight     2.2 lbs. (1000 grams)

                         NOTE: Empty Weight Includes weight of battery and
                         Excludes payload modules.

Frequencies      902-928 MHz (ISM Band)
                 2.4 GHz (ISM Band)

                         NOTE: FCC license is not required to utilize the above
                         frequencies; uplink and downlink are on the 900Mhz band. If
                         video is utilized, uplink, downlink, and video are all on
                         2.4 Ghz.

Computer Software Ground Station software, iOS

Minimum Crew     (1) The DJI Phantom II UAS can be operated by a single operator.

Number of Seats  (0) Not Applicable.

Fuel Capacity    Not Applicable.

Oil Capacity     Not Applicable.

Max. Operating Altitude 393 ft. AGL (120 M)

Control Surface  Not Applicable
  Movements                            22
Nominal Endurance 25 minutes 14° - 122° F (-20° - 50° C)

Ambient Outside Air Maximum OAT: 122° F (50° C)
Temperature (OAT) Minimum OAT At Altitude: 14° F (-10° C)

Wind Limitation  Not Applicable

Maintenance      This DJI Phantom II UAS must be maintained in accordance with
                 the DJI Phantom II Maintenance Operation Manual, or later FAA
                 accepted revision.

                  iii. Flight Operations Pursuant To The Exemption Sought
                           Would Be Limited To Areas Over The States Of Illinois
                           and Indiana That Are Not In The Proximity Of Airports
                           Or Over Populated Areas.

         Natalie proposes to only conduct aerial videography flight operations over areas of

the States of Illinois and Indiana that are not near populated areas, airports, helipads, or
state roads. Specifically, Natalie's proposed area of flight operations over the States of

Illinois and Indiana includes areas that are:

     1. Not within five (5) miles of any airport or helipad, without the consent of the
     affected air traffic control facility. Continuous two-way radio communication will be
     established and maintained at all times during flights in this area;

     2. Not below one hundred fifty (150) feet over of state roads having more than two
     lanes; and

     3. Not below seventy-five (75) feet over state roads having two lanes or less.

Since this platform is capable of hovering, slewing laterally, and ascending/descending over
a point, we are considering the DJI Phantom II UAS a "helicopter" for the purposes of

91.119(d). Furthermore, all flight operations will be conducted in accordance with 14

                                                        23
 C.F.R. § 91.119. Minimum safe altitudes: General.

         In summary, Natalie seeks to operate its DJI Phantom II UAS over areas of
Illinois and Indiana, while maintaining safe distances from any populated areas, airports,
helipads, and roadways.

                iv. Operation Of The DJI Phantom II UAS Will Be Conducted
                Pursuant

                           To A Safety Management System.
         A Safety Management System ("SMS") will control Natalie's operation of the DJI
Phantom II UAS and will significantly contribute to maintaining the level of safety
contemplated by the airworthiness certificate requirements from which Natalie now seeks
relief.
         Pursuant to the SMS and 14 C.F.R. § 43.13, entitled Performance Rules (general),
each person performing maintenance, alteration, or preventive maintenance on the DJI
Phantom II UAS, motor, propeller, or appliance shall use the methods, techniques, and
practices prescribed in the current manufacturer's maintenance manual or Instructions for
Continued Airworthiness prepared by its manufacturer, or other methods, techniques, and
practices acceptable to the
Administrator. Each person shall use the tools, equipment, and test apparatus necessary to
assure completion of the work in accordance with accepted industry practices.

                                                         24
                  v. Flight Operations Of The DJI Phantom II UAS Are Limited To
                           The Line Of Sight Of A Commercial Certificated Pilot in
                           Command With A Safety Observer.

         Natalie will only utilize Commercial Pilots with a valid First or Second Class Airman

Medical certificate to act as pilot in command of the DJI Phantom II UAS. Additionally, all

pilots will be assisted by a safety observer. The pilot in command and safety observer must

meet the requirements as set forth by the SMS and Standard Operating Procedures adopted

by Natalie for flight operations of the DJI Phantom II UAS. A copy of the Standard

Operating Procedures, which is proprietary information, is attached hereto as Exhibit B, and
is to be held in a separate file pursuant to 14 C.F.R. § 11.35(b).4

                       vi. Flights Will Be Conducted Pursuant To Specific
                                                    Operating

                           Limitatio
                               ns.

         In seeking this exemption, Natalie proposes to commercially operate the DJI Phantom

II UAS without satisfying the restricted category airworthiness certification process specified
in

14 C.F.R. § 21.185, or otherwise having a certificate of airworthiness issued by the FAA, as

contemplated by 14 C.F.R. Part 21. Natalie proposes to operate the DJI Phantom II UAS,

for the special purpose of conducting aerial videography over the States of Illinois and

Indiana, pursuant to the following specific operating limitations:

         1. Flight operations are permitted only over the States of Illinois and Indiana.

         2. The DJI Phantom II UAS will be operated at or below 400 ft. above ground level

             (AGL), except as necessary to comply with the requirements of 14 C.F.R. §
             91.119.

         3. The DJI Phantom II UAS shall be operated within one mile, and within line of

                                                         25
             sight, of the pilot in command and safety observer.
          4. The DJI Phantom II UAS shall be operated pursuant to Day Visual Flight

                                                      Rules
             (VFR) in visual meteorological conditions (VMC). The DJI Phantom II UAS
             shall be operated only during daylight hours (i.e. between the end of morning civil
             twilight
             and the beginning of evening civil twilight, as published in the American

                                                        Air
             Almanac, converted to local time).
         5. The duration of each flight shall not exceed 25 minutes or upon reaching 25%
         battery
             power, whichever is less.

       6. The DJI Phantom II UAS shall operate from on-site takeoff/landing locations
        directly next to the pilot in command and co-located safety observer. If the operation
        is from a watercraft, the pilot in command and safety observer shall remain co-located
        on the same watercraft.
       7. Operations shall be conducted by commercially certificated airmen who have
        completed training, checking, currency, and recency of experience requirements as
        approved by the FAA Administrator.
       8. Operation of the DJI Phantom II UAS with any inoperative instruments or
        equipment shall be prohibited.
       9. The DJI Phantom II UAS shall be maintained in accordance with the
       Manufacturer's Maintenance Manual.

4 Exhibits to this Petition are proprietary information, and in accordance with 14 C.F.R.
11.35(b), are not to be included in the Federal Docket Management System (FDMS).

                                                         26
       10. The DJI Phantom II UAS shall be operated pursuant to 14 C.F.R. Part 91,
        operating requirements.
       11. For the proposed flight operation, only one DJI Phantom II UAS shall be
        airborne at any given time.
       12. Prior to flight operations, Natalie shall coordinate and establish two
        way communications with the nearest Air Traffic Control facility.
       13. For any flight operations over U.S. Government or state managed lands, Natalie
        shall coordinate with the appropriate authority and ensure that the property owners
        have at least twelve (12) hours of advance notice prior to the proposed flight
        operations. Coordination shall include anticipated periods of operation, purpose of
        the flights, and contact information for the operator should questions or issues arise.

                 vii. Any Other Conditions The FAA May Prescribe For Safe
                Operation.

         In accordance with Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012
         and
14 C.F.R. § 21.16 entitled Special Conditions, Natalie requests that the FAA prescribe special
conditions for the intended operation of the DJI Phantom II UAS, which contain such safety
standards that the Administrator finds necessary to establish a level of safety equivalent to
that established by Section 21.185, and which will permit safe operation of the DJI Phantom
II UAS for the special purpose of conducting aerial videography over the State of Ohio.
Section 333 sets forth the requirements for considering whether a UAS will create a hazard to
users of the NAS or the public, or otherwise pose a threat to national security; and further,
provides the authority for such UAS to operate without airworthiness certification in

                                                         27
accordance with any requirements that must be established for the safe operation of the

aircraft systems in the NAS.

         Likewise, the Administrator may prescribe special conditions pursuant to 14 C.F.R.

§ 21.16, for operation of the DJI Phantom II UAS, since the airworthiness regulations of 14

C.F.R. Part 21 do not contain adequate or appropriate safety standards, due to the novel

or unusual design features of the aircraft. Section 21.16, entitled Special Conditions,

states the following:

         If the FAA finds that the airworthiness regulations of this subchapter do not contain
         adequate or appropriate safety standards for an aircraft, aircraft engine, or propeller
         because of a novel or unusual design feature of the aircraft, aircraft engine or
         propeller, he prescribes special conditions and amendments thereto for the product.
         The special conditions are issued in accordance with Part 11 of this chapter and
         contain such safety standards for the aircraft, aircraft engine or propeller as the
         FAA finds necessary to establish a level of safety equivalent to that established in
         the regulations.
See 14 C.F.R. § 21.16

         Therefore, in accordance with Section 333 and 14 C.F.R. § 21.16, the FAA may
prescribe special conditions for Natalie's intended operation of the DJI Phantom II UAS,

which contain such safety standards that the Administrator finds necessary to establish a level

of safety equivalent to that established by Section 21.185, and which will permit safe

operation of the DJI Phantom II UAS for the special purpose of conducting aerial

videography over the States of Illinois and Indiana.

F. A Summary That Can Be Published In The Federal Register,

         stating: The Rules From Which Natalie Seeks Exemption:

         Natalie Contracting, LLC. seeks exemption from the requirements of 14 C.F.R. §§
         91.9(b), 91.203(a), 91.203(b), 45.23(b) and 21.185.

         A Brief Description Of The Nature Of The Exemption Natalie Seeks:

         This exemption will permit Natalie Contracting, LLC. to operate an Unmanned Aircraft
                                                         28
         System over certain rural areas of the State of Illinois, while keeping the documents
         required by the regulations at the ground control station and immediately accessible
         to the pilot in command. Furthermore, the exemption will relieve Natalie Contracting,
         LLC. from the airworthiness certificate standards and the requirement to have a
         certificate of airworthiness for its Unmanned Aircraft System. This exemption will
         also permit any required markings concerning the operational status of the UAS to be
         displayed on the fuselage of the unmanned aircraft.

G. Any Additional Information, Views, Or Arguments Available To Support
         Natalie's Request.

         This Petition is made pursuant to the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012,

Section 333, which directs the Secretary of Transportation to determine if certain UAS may

operate safely in the NAS. As such, Natalie's request for exemption may be granted

pursuant to the authority of Section 333 and 14 C.F.R. Part 11, as set forth above.

         Sec. 333 sets forth the requirements for considering whether a UAS will create a

hazard to users of the NAS or the public or pose a threat to national security; and further,

provides the authority for such UAS to operate without airworthiness certification. Section

333 states the following:

         (a) In General.--Notwithstanding any other requirement of this subtitle, and not
         later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of
         Transportation shall determine if certain unmanned aircraft systems may operate
         safely in the national
         airspace system before completion of the plan and rulemaking required by section
         332 of this Act or the guidance required by section 334 of this Act.

         (b) Assessment of Unmanned Aircraft Systems.--In making the determination
         under subsection (a), the Secretary shall determine, at a minimum--

                  (1) which types of unmanned aircraft systems, if any, as a result of their size,
                  weight, speed, operational capability, proximity to airports and populated
                  areas, and operation within visual line of sight do not create a hazard to
                  users of the national airspace system or the public or pose a threat to
                  national security; and

                  (2) whether a certificate of waiver, certificate of authorization, or
                  airworthiness certification under section 44704 of title 49, United States
                  Code, is required for the operation of unmanned aircraft systems identified
                  under paragraph (1).

                                                         29
         (c) Requirements for Safe Operation.--If the Secretary determines under this section
         that certain unmanned aircraft systems may operate safely in the national airspace
         system, the Secretary shall establish requirements for the safe operation of such
         aircraft systems in the national airspace system.
         As discussed in detail above, the DJI Phantom II UAS has in the past, and will
continue in the future, to operate safely in the NAS without creating a hazard to users of the
NAS, or the public, or otherwise pose a threat to national security.

                                            CONCLUSION
         As set forth above, Natalie seeks an exemption pursuant to 14 C.F.R. § 11.61 and
Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012, which will permit safe
operation of the DJI Phantom II UAS commercially, without an airworthiness certificate, for
the special purpose of conducting aerial videography over areas in the States of Illinois and
Indiana. By granting this Petition, the FAA Administrator will be fulfilling the
Congressional mandate of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012, while also
advancing the interests of the public, by allowing Natalie to safely, efficiently, and
economically operate the DJI Phantom II UAS commercially within the NAS.

                                                         30
WHEREFORE, in accordance with the Federal Aviation Regulations and the FAA

Modernization and Reform Act of 2012, Section 333, Natalie respectfully requests that the

Administrator grant this Petition for an exemption from the requirements of 14 C.F.R. §§

91.9(b), 91.203(a), 91.203(b), 45.23(b), as well as the restricted category airworthiness

certification standards specified in 14 C.F.R. § 21.185, including the requirement to have a

certificate of airworthiness issued for the DJI Phantom II UAS, as contemplated by 14 C.F.R.

Part 21.

Dated:                            Respectfully submitted,
December 22, 2014

                                  Natalie Contracting, LLC.

                                  /s/ Ryan E. Hill

                                  Ryan E. Hill
                                  UAS Project Manager
                                  1101 Ryehill Drive
                                  Joliet, Illinois 60431-8640
                                  Tel: (708) 259-0009
                                  Fax: (708) 429-0795
                                  Petitioner

cc: Timothy Harris, DPA FSDO

                              31
