September 16, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12866
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA-2015-2158

Mr. Nathan Limback
50 Obsidian Loop
Los Alamos, NM 87544

Dear Mr. Limback:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated April 27, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) for
an exemption. You requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct
aerial videography/cinematography.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a DJI Inspire 1.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C.  44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
                                                                                                                 2

14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Mr. Nathan Limback is granted an exemption from
14 CFR ㎣ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c),
91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to
the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Mr. Nathan Limback is hereafter referred to as the operator.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                                                 3

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Inspire 1 when
         weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any other
         aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
         must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
         documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
         Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
         limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
         the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
         Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
         documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
         operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
         documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
                                                                                                            4

    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR  61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR  61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
                                                                                                            5

    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR  91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR  1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.
                                                                                                               6

   23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
       any documents required under 14 CFR ㎣ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
       PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
       These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
       official upon request.

   24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
       activities at all times.

   25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

   26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
       persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
          a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
             from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
             that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
             where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
             the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
             of nonparticipating persons; and
          b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
             for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
             the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
             present an undue hazard.

       The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
       nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

   27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
       permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
       Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
       obtained for each flight to be conducted.

   28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
       boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
       to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
       reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
       contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

   29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
       as documented in this grant of exemption.
                                                                                                                 7

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.

This exemption terminates on September 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,
/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
Nathan  Limback,  Los  Alamos  NM  -  Section  333  Exemption  Petition  

  
April  27,  2015  
  
U.  S.  Department  of  Transportation  
Docket  Management  System  
1200  New  Jersey  Ave,  SE  
Washington,  DC  20590  
  
Re:   Exemption   Request   Section   333   of   the   FAA   Reform   Act   of   the   Federal  

Aviation   Regulations   from   14   C.F.R.   45.23(b);   14   C.F.R.   Part   21;   14   C.F.R.  
61.113(a)&(b);   91.7(a);   91.9(b)   (2);   91.103(b);   91.109;   119.121;   91.151(a);  
91.203(a)&(b);  91.405(a);  91.407(a)  (1);  91.409(a)  (2);  91.417(a)&(b)  

  
Dear  Sir  or  Madam,  
  
I,   Nathan   Limback,   am   writing   pursuant   to   the   FAA  
Modernization   and   Reform   Act   of   2012   and   the   procedures  
contained   within   14   C.F.R.   11,   to   request   that   I,   Nathan  
Limback,  an  owner  and  operator  of  small  unmanned  aircraft,  be  
exempted  from  the  Federal  Aviation  Regulations  ("FARs")  listed  
below   so   that   I,   Nathan   Limback,   may   operate   my   small   ultra  
light  weight  unmanned  aircraft  system  ("UAS")  commercially  in  
airspace   regulated   by   the   Federal   Aviation   Administration  
("FAA").  
  
As   described   herein   I,   Nathan   Limback,   am   a   licensed   private  
pilot  within  the  State  of  New  Mexico  with  a  current  Third  Class  
Medical;   experienced   in   flying   hobby   helicopters,   fixed   wing  
planes   and   quad-copters   for   recreational   purposes.   I   have  
added   a   professional   grade   quad-copter   UAS   to   my   inventory  
with   intent   for   aerial   videography/cinematography   to   enhance  
academic   community   awareness   for   those   individuals   and  
companies   unfamiliar   with   the   geographical   layout   of   the   New  
Mexico  area,  and  augment  aerial  pictures  and  videos;  following  
exemption   and   approval   by   the   FAA.   Thereby   enhancing   their  
academic   research   experience   for   the   Northern   New   Mexico  
area.  
  
I   have   flown   small   and   large-scale   RC(Radio   Control)   electric  
helicopters,   planes   and   quad-copters   for   over   twenty   five   (25)  
years  without  incident.  Committed  to  safety  with  each  flight.  I,  
Nathan   Limback's,   exemption   request   would   permit   operation  
of  ultra  lightweight,  unmanned  (piloted  by  remote  control)  and  
comparatively   inexpensive   UAS(s)   in   tightly   controlled   and  
limited   airspace.   Conducting   predetermined   operation   in   areas  
away   from   general   public,   airports,   heliports   and   vehicular  
traffic   for   community   videos,   and   within   property   boundaries  
for   individual   homeowner   real   estate   listing   videos/photos.  
Currently,   similar   lightweight,   remote   controlled   UAS's   are  
legally   operated   by   unmonitored   amateur   hobbyists   with   no  
safety   plan   or   controls   in   place   to   prevent   catastrophe.   I,  
Nathan   Limback,   have   personally   instilled   safety   protocols   and  
controls   in   the   form   of   pre-flight   and   post-flight   check   list      to  
avoid   and   prevent   public   hazard,   as   well   as   manned   aircraft  
hazards/catastrophe.   This   will   act   to   further   safety   protocols  
exclusive   to   lightweight   UAS's   specific   to   real   estate   video   and  
photography  usage  as  I,  Nathan  Limback,  record  flight  data  and  
other   information   gained   through   permitted   flight   operations  
to   share   with   the   FAA   through   any   required   FAA   reports   to  
assist  with  future  protocol  and  safety  regulation.  
  
Granting   my,   Nathan   Limback's,   request   comports   with   the  
Secretary   of   Transportation's   (FAA   Administrator's)  
responsibilities   and   authority   to   not   only   integrate   UAS's   into  
the   national   airspace   system,   but   to   "...establish   requirements  
for   the   safe   operation   of   such   aircraft   systems   [UAS's]   in   the  
national   airspace   system"   under   Section   333(c)   of   the   Reform  
Act  specific  to  the  use  of  UAS's  for  real  estate  purposes.  Further  
I,   Nathan   Limback,   will   conduct   my   operations   in   compliance  
with  the  protocols  described  herein  or  as  otherwise  established  
by   the   FAA.   For   the   reasons   stated   below   I,   Nathan   Limback,  
respectfully   request   the   grant   of   an   exemption   allowing   me   to  
operate   ultra   light   weight,   remote   controlled   UAS's   for  
academic  community  awareness  to  benefit/stimulate  attraction  
to   the   New   Mexico   area   and   to   enhance   real   estate   listing  
videos   for   homeowners   who   cannot   afford   expensive   manned  
aircraft  for  the  same  purpose.  Both  of  which  will  promote  local  
economic   growth   through   increased   employment   and  
increased   tax   base.   Both   with   public   safety   in   mind   by   keeping  
heavier   manned   aircraft   containing   combustible   fuel   that   that  
poses  potential  public  hazard.  
  
I.  Contact  Information:  

Nathan  Limback  
50  Obsidian  Loop  
Los  Alamos,  NM  87544  
Mobile:  (505)  500-2334  
Email:  nlimback@gmail.com  

  
II.   The   Specific   Sections   of   Title   14   of   the   Code   of   Federal  
Regulations  From  Which  Nathan  Limback  Requests  Exemption  
are:  
  

14  CFR  21;  
14  C.F.R.  45.23(b);  
14  CFR  61.113  (a)  &  (b);  
14  C.F.R.  91,  et  seq.;  
14  CFR  407  (a)  (1);  
14  CFR  409  (a)  (2);  and,  

14  CFR  417  (a)  &  (b).  
  
III.   The   Extent   of   relief   Nathan   Limback   seeks   and   the   Reason  
He  Seeks  Such  Relief:  
  
I,   Nathan   Limback,   submit   this   application   in   accordance   with  
the  Reform  Act,  112  P.L.  95  ㎣  331-334,  seeking  relief  from  any  
currently   applicable   FARs   operating   to   prevent   me,   Nathan  
Limback,   contemplated   commercial   cinematic,   academic   and  
other  flight  operations  within  the  national  airspace  system.  The  
Reform  Act  in  Section  332  provides  for  such  integration  of  civil  
unmanned  aircraft  systems  into  our  national  airspace  system  as  
it   is   in   the   public's   interest   to   do   so.   My,   Nathan   Limback's,  
ultra  light  weight  UAS  meets  the  definition  of  "small  unmanned  
aircraft"  as  defined  in  Section  331  and  therefore  the  integration  
of   my   ultra   light   weight   UAS   is   expressly   contemplated   by   the  
Reform   Act.   I   would   like   to   operate   my   ultra   light   weight   UAS  
prior   to   the   time   period   by   which   the   Reform   Act   requires   the  
FAA   to   promulgate   rules   governing   such   craft.   Thereby,  
providing  direct  experience  and  valuable  information  for  formal  
regulation  that  can  be  administered  uniformly  to  all  real  estate  
commercial   related   UAS   aerial   video   and   photography.   The  
Reform   Act   guides   the   Secretary   in   determining   the   types   of  
UAS's   that   may   operate   safely   in   our   national   airspace   system.  
Considerations   include:   The   weight,   size,   speed   and   overall  
capabilities   of   the   UAS's;   Whether   the   UAS   will   be   operated  
near  airports  or  heavily  populated  areas;  and,  Whether  the  UAS  
will   be   operated   by   line   of   sight.   112   P.L.   95      333   (a).   Each   of  
these   items   reflect   in   favor   of   an   exemption   for   me,   Nathan  
Limback.   My   UAS   utilizes   four   (4)   counter-rotating   propellers  
for  balance,  control  and  stability.  My  UAS  is  equipped  with  GPS  
and  auto  return  safety  technology.  Weighing  less  than  ten  (10)  
pounds   (far   below   the   maximum   55   pound   limit);   including  
camera  with  gimbal.  
  
I,  Nathan  Limback,  consider  safety  as  foremost  with  each  flight.  
My   small   unmanned   aircraft   is   designed   to   hover   in   place   via  
GPS   and   operate   in   less   than   a   21   knot   (25   mph)   wind.   For  
safety,   stability   and   fear   of   financial   loss   I   will   not   fly   in   winds  
exceeding   15   mph.   Built   in   safety   systems   include   a   GPS   mode  
that   allows   my   UAS   to   hover   in   place   when   radio   controls   are  
released,   a   build   in   restricted   flight   zone   limiting   the   altitude  
and   radial   vicinity   the   quad-copter   can   fly   within   an   active  
airport.   With   three   modes   to   choose   from,   I   utilize   the   P-GPS  
mode   for   aerial   videography/photography.   This   is   the   safest,  
most  reliable  and  stable  mode  to  prevent  accident  and  hazard.  
When   pilot   communication   is   lost   this   UAS   is   designed   slowly  
return   to   the   point   of   take   off.   I   do   not   operate   my   UAS   near  
airports,  Hospitals  nor  Police  heliports,  and  do  not  operate  near  
areas   where   general   public   is   within   fifty   (50)   yards   depending  
on   location,   conditions   and   weather.   I   am   constantly   on   alert  
for   any   manned   aircraft   (Police/Medical   helicopters,   etc.)   and  
prepared   to   land/abort   immediately   to   the   nearest   and   safest  
ground  point  should  a  manned  aircraft  approach  my  location  or  
I   suspect   manned   aircraft   may   approach   near   my   location.   My  
UAS   is   capable   of   vertical   and   horizontal   operations,   and   are  
flown  only  within  my  line  of  sight  of  me,  as  the  remote  control  
pilot.   Utilizing   battery   power   rather   than   combustible   fuels,  
flights   generally   last   between   three   (3)   to   seven   (7)   minutes,  
with   an   altitude   under   two   hundred   (200)   feet.   I,   Nathan  
Limback,  utilize  a  fresh  fully  charged  battery  with  each  flight  as  
a   safety   precaution;   full   flight   time   limit   for   each   battery  
between   fifteen   (15)   to   twenty   (20)   minutes.   I   do   not   operate  
my  UAS  at  or  below  manufacture  recommend  minimum  charge  
levels   for   operation,   I   also   set   safety   alerts   in   the   DJI   Pilot   App  
for  30%  remaining  battery  useful  life  to  allow  sufficient  time  to  
return  to  the  takeoff  location  or  alternate  safe  landing  location;  
preferring   to   remain   well   within   a   safe   operating   range   to  
insure   adequate   communication   between   radio   control   and  
UAS   to   eliminate   potential   for   crash,   loss   of   control   or   hazard.  
Reserve   batteries   are   at   hand   with   each   exercise   to   insure  
replacement   for   sufficient   safe   level   of   operation.   I   do   not  
believe   in   taking   risk   that   may   cause   a   crash   that   could   create  
hazard   to   the   public/property/manned   aircraft,   and   have   no  
desire  to  lose  an  investment.  I  have  clocked  numerous  practice  
flights  in  remote  areas  as  a  hobbyist  simulating  flights  for  future  
commercial   use   to   gain   familiarization   with   the   characteristics  
of  this  specific  UAS's  performance  under  different  temperature  
and  weather  conditions.  I  also  practice  computerized  simulated  
flights  to  maintain  adequate  skills  and  response  reflex  time.  All  
for  the  sake  of  safety.  
  
I,   Nathan   Limback,   am   extremely   cautious   when   operating   of  
my   UAS/ultra   light   weight   unmanned   aircraft   and   will   not  
"create  a  hazard  to  users  of  the  national  airspace  system  or  the  
public."  112  P.L.  95    333  (b).  Given  the  small  size  and  weight  of  
my  UAS  it  falls  well  within  Congress's  contemplated  safety  zone  
when   it   promulgated   the   Reform   Act   and   the   corresponding  
directive   to   integrate   UAS's   into   the   national   airspace   system.  
Nathan   Limback's   UAS,   used   in   hobby   flight,   has   a  
demonstrable   safety   record   and   does   not   pose   any   threat   to  
the  general  public  or  national  security.  I  currently  have  over  five  
hundred   (500)   hours   as   PIC   of   various   sizes   and   types   of   Radio  
Control  (RC)  model  aircraft.  I,  Nathan  Limback  currently  have  a  
Private   Pilots   Certificate   with   a   current   Third   Class   Medical.   I  
also   posses   a   Amateur   Ham   Radio   License   which   allows   me   to  
have   the   background   and   understanding   of   radio   frequency  
propagation.   This   knowledge   with   allows   me   to   assess   and  
mitigate   interfering   geographical   and   atmospherically  
conditions   that   could   adversely   affect   the   communication  
between   the   UAS   and   Pilot   in   Command   (PIC).   I   currently   have  
fifteen  (8)  flight  hours  with  the  DJI  Inspire  1  UAS.  

           
  
  
IV.  How  Nathan  Limback's  Request  Will  Benefit  the  Public  As  A  
Whole:  
  
Aerial   videography   for   geographical   awareness   and   for   real  
estate   marketing   has   been   around   for   a   long   time   through  
manned   fixed   wing   aircraft   and   helicopters.   For   small   budget  
real  estate  companies  and  average  homeowners  the  expense  of  
such   aerial   videography   is   cost   prohibitive.   Only   large  
companies   and   high   end   Realtors   or   luxury   homeowners   can  
afford   to   absorb   such   expense.   Depriving   non-luxury  
homeowners   and   lower   budget   Realtors   from   a   valuable  
marketing   tool.   Manned   aircraft   pose   a   threat   to   the   public  
through   potential   catastrophic   crash.   My,   Nathan   Limback's,  
UAS  pose  no  such  threat  since  size  and  lack  of  combustible  fuel  
alleviates   any   potential   threat   to   the   public.   Congress   has  
already  proclaimed  that  it  is  in  the  public's  interest  to  integrate  
commercially   flown   UAS's   into   the   national   airspace   system,  
hence   the   passing   of   the   Reform   Act.   Granting   my,   Nathan  
Limback's,   exemption   request   furthers   the   public   interest  
through   academic/visual   awareness   of   the   geographical  
benefits  in  and  around  the  Northern  New  Mexico  area.  My  ultra  
light   weight   UAS   is   battery   powered   and   creates   no   emissions  
that   can   harm   the   environment.   The   consequence   of   my   ultra  
light  weight  UAS  crashing  is  far  less  than  a  full  size  helicopter  or  
fixed   wing   aircraft;   which   are   heavy,   contain   combustible   fuel  
and  can  cause  catastrophic  devastation  to  the  public.  
  
The   public's   interest   is   furthered   by   minimizing   ecological   and  
crash   threat   by   permitting   aerial   video/photo   capture   through  
my   battery   operated   ultra   light   weight   UAS's.   Permitting   me,  
Nathan   Limback,   to   immediately   fly   within   national   air   space  
furthers   economic   growth.   Granting   my   exemption   request  
substantially  furthers  the  economic  impact  for  the  New  Mexico  
community   for   companies   looking   to   relocate   or   build   in   the  
New   Mexico   area   as   well   as   individuals   looking   to   relocate   for  
career   advancement   through   academic   and   geographical  
awareness.   Both   of   which   serve   as   a   stimulus   to   the  
community.  
  
V.   Reasons   Why   Nathan   Limback's   Exemption   Will   Not  
Adversely  Affect  Safety  Or  How  The  Exemption  Will  Provide  a  
Level  of  Safety  At  Least  Equal  To  Existing  Rule:  
  
My,   Nathan   Limback's,   exemption   will   not   adversely   affect  
safety.   Quite   the   contrary,   for   the   reasons   stated   permitting  
me,   Nathan   Limback,   to   log   more   flight   time   in   FAA   controlled  
airspace,   with   communication   with   the   FAA,   will   allow   me   to  
contribute   to   the   innovation   and   implementation   of   new   and  
novel,   as   of   yet   undiscovered   safety   protocols   for   Aerial  
Photographers  that  can  be  embraced  by  the  NAR,  AAR,  and  TAR    
for   development   in   cooperation   with   the   FAA.   In   addition   I,  
Nathan   Limback,   submit   the   following   representations   of  
enhancements   to   current   aerial   videography   and   photography  
for  commercial  operations:  
  
My  UAS  weighs  less  than  10  pounds  complete  with  a  small  ultra  
light   weight   high   quality   4k   camera;   I   only   operate   my   UAS  
below  200  feet  (well  within  the  400  foot  permissible  ceiling  set  
by   the   FAA   Modernization   and   Reform   Act   of   2012);   my   UAS  
only  operate  for  7-10  minutes  per  flight;  I  land  my  UAS  prior  to  
manufacturer  recommended  minimum  level  of  battery  power;  
  

     I   pilot   my   UAS   through   remote   control   only   by   line   of  
         sight;  

     My   UAS   has   GPS   a   flight   safety   feature   whereby   it  
         returns   to   the   home   set   location   and   lands   if  
         communication  with  the  remote  control  pilot  is  lost;  

     I   actively   analyze   flight   data   and   other   sources   of  
         information   to   constantly   update   and   enhance   safety  
         protocols;  

     I  check  current  and  future  weather  condition  in  the  area  
         where  UAS  flight  will  be  conducted  and  also  monitor  K-
         Index   values   to   ensure   reliable   communication   with   my  
         UAS;  

     I   only   operate   in   reasonably   safe   environment   that   are  
         strictly   controlled,   are   away   from   power   lines,   elevated  
         lights,  airports  and  actively  populated  areas;  

     I   conduct   extensive   pre-flight   inspections   and   protocol,  
         during  which  safety  carries  primary  importance;  

     I   always   obtains   all   necessary   permissions   prior   to  
         operation;  and,  

     I   have   procedures   in   place   to   abort   flights   in   the   event  
         of  safety  breaches  or  potential  danger.  

  
My,   Nathan   Limback,   safety   protocols   provide   a   level   of   safety  
equal  to  or  exceeding  existing  rules.  It  is  important  to  note  that  
absent   the   integration   of   commercial   UAS   into   our   national  
airspace   system,   helicopters   are   the   primary   means   of   aerial  
video   and   photography   for   community   awareness.   While   the  
safety   record   of   such   helicopters   is   remarkably   astounding,  
there   has   been   local   incident   involving   loss   of   life   as   well   as  
extensive   property   damage;   it   is   far   safer   to   operate   a   battery  
powered  ultra  light  weight  UAS.  
  
First,  the  potential  loss  of  life  is  diminished  because  UAS's  carry  
no  people  on  board  and  I  only  operate  my  UAS  in  specific  areas  
away  from  mass  populations.  Second,  there  is  no  fuel  on  board  
a   UAS   and   thus   the   potential   for   fire   or   explosions   is   greatly  
diminished.   Third,   the   small   size   and   extreme   maneuverability  
of   my   UAS   allow   me   to   remotely   pilot   away   from   and   avoid  
hazards   quickly   and   safely.   Lastly,   given   its   small   size   and  
weight,   even   when   close   enough   to   capture   amazing   images,  
my  UAS  need  not  be  so  close  to  the  objects  they  are  focused  on  
through   the   technology   and   use   of   post   editing   software  
allowing  pan  and  zoom.  
  
Accordingly,   my   UAS   has   been   experimentally   operated   for  
familiarization/competency  and  will  continue  to  operate  at  and  
above  current  safety  levels.  
  
As   with   all   UAS   operation   I,   Nathan   Limback   with   always  
perform   every   flight   with   a   safety   spotter   familiar   with   the  
characteristic   and   capabilities   of   the   DJI   Inspire   1.   As   the   PIC   I  
will,   before   every   flight,   perform   preflight   using   a   laminated  
checklist,   post   warning   signs   in   the   close   vicinity   to   warn  
anyone  in  the  close  vicinity  that  aerial  photography  is  currently  
taking  place.  
  
  
VI.  A  Summary  The  FAA  May  Publish  in  the  Federal  Register:  
  
A.   14   C.F.R.   21   and   14   C.F.R.   91:   Airworthiness   Certificates,  
Manuals   and   The   Like.   14   C.F.R.   21,   Subpart   H,   entitled  
Airworthiness   Certificates,   sets   forth   requirements   for  
procurement   of   necessary   airworthiness   certificates   in   relation  
to   FAR      91.203(a)(1).   The   size,   weight   and   enclosed  
operational   area   of   my,   Nathan   Limback,   UAS   permits  
exemption   from   Part   21   because   my   UAS   meets   (and   exceeds)  
an   equivalent   level   of   safety   pursuant   to   Section   333   of   the  
Reform   Act.   The   FAA   is   authorized   to   exempt   aircraft   from   the  
airworthiness   certificate   requirement   under   both   the   Act   (49  
U.S.C.      44701   (f))   and   Section   333   of   the   Reform   Act.   Both  
pieces   of   legislation   permit   the   FAA   to   exempt   UAS's   from   the  
airworthiness   certificate   requirement   in   consideration   of   the  
weight,   size,   speed,   maneuverability   and   proximity   to   areas  
such   as   airports   and   dense   populations.   My,   Nathan   Limback,  
current   and   projected   UAS's   meet   or   exceed   each   of   the  
elements.  
  
14   C.F.R.   91.7(a)   prohibits   the   operation   of   an   aircraft   without  
an   airworthiness   certificate.   As   no   such   certificate   will   be  
applicable   in   the   form   contemplated   by   the   FARs,   this  
Regulation   is   inapplicable.      14   C.F.R.      91.9   (b)   (2)   requires   an  
aircraft   flight   manual   in   the   aircraft.   As   there   are   no   on   board  
pilots   or   passengers,   and   given   the   size   of   the   UAS's,   this  
Regulation   is   inapplicable.   An   equivalent   level   of   safety   will   be  
achieved   by   maintaining   a   safety/flight   manual   delineating  
areas   of   where   safety   can   be   defined.   The   FAA   has   previously  
issued   exemptions   to   this   regulation   in   Exemption   Nos.   8607,  
8737,  8738,  9299,  9299A,  9565,  9565B,  10167,  10167A,  10602,  
10700  and  32827.  14  C.F.R.    91.121  regarding  altimeter  settings  is  

inapplicable   insofar   as   my   UAS   utilizes   electronic   global   positioning  
systems  with  a  barometric  sensor.  
  
14  C.F.R.    91.203  (a)  and  (b)  provides  for  the  carrying  of  civil  aircraft  
certifications   and   registrations.   They   are   inapplicable   for   the   same  
reasons   described   above.   The   equivalent   level   of   safety   will   be  
achieved   by   maintaining   any   such   required   certifications   and  
registrations  by  me,  Nathan  Limback.  
  
B.   14   C.F.R.      45.23:   Marking   of   The   Aircraft.   Applicable   Codes   of  
Federal  Regulation  require  aircraft  to  be  marked  according  to  certain  
specifications.   My   UAS   are,   by   definition,   unmanned.   They   therefore  
do  not  have  a  cabin,  cockpit  or  pilot  station  on  which  to  mark  certain  
words   or   phrases.   Further,   two-inch   lettering   is   difficult   to   place   on  
such   small   aircraft   with   dimensions   smaller   that   minimal   lettering  
requirement.   Regardless,   I   will   mark   its   UASs   in   the   largest   possible  
lettering   by   placing   the   word   "EXPERIMENTAL"   on   its   fuselage   as  
required  by  14  C.F.R.  45.29  (f)  so  that  I  the  pilot,  or  anyone  assisting  
me   as   a   spotter   with   the   UAV   will   see   the   markings.   The   FAA   has  
previously   issued   exemptions   to   this   regulation   through   Exemptions  
Nos.  8738,  10167,  10167A  and  10700.  
  
C.   14   C.F.R.      61.113:   Private   Pilot   Privileges   and   Limitations:   PIC.  
Pursuant  to  14  C.F.R.  ㎣  61.113  (a)  &  (b),  private  pilots  are  limited  to  
non-commercial   operations.   I,   Nathan   Limback,   have   a   Private   Pilots  
Certificate  and  current  Third  Class  Medical  Thus,  allowing  me,  Nathan  
Limback,   to   operate   my   UAS   exceeding   the   current   safety   levels   in  
relation  to  14  C.F.R.  61.113  (a)  &  (b).  
  
D.   14   C.F.R.   91.119:   Minimum   Safe   Altitudes.   14   C.F.R.      91.119  
prescribes   safe   altitudes   for   the   operation   of   civil   aircraft.   It   allows  
helicopters   to   be   operated   at   lower   altitudes   in   certain   conditions.  
My  UAS  will  never  operate  at  an  altitude  greater  than  200  AGL;  safely  
below  the  standard  of  400  AGL.  I,  
Nathan   Limback,   will   however   operate   my   UAS   in   safe   areas   away  
from  public  and  traffic,  providing  a  level  of  safety  at  least  equivalent  
to   or   below   those   in   relation   to   minimum   safe   altitudes.   Given   the  
size,  weight,  maneuverability  and  speed  of  my  UAS,  an  equivalent  or  
higher  level  of  safety  will  be  achieved.  
  
E.   14   C.F.R.   91.405   (a);   407   (a)   (1);   409   (a)   (2);   417(a)   &   (b):  
Maintenance   Inspections.   The   above-cited   Regulations   require,  
amongst   other   things,   aircraft   owners   and   operators   to   "have   [the]  
aircraft   inspected   as   prescribed   in   subpart   E   of   this   part   and   shall  
between  required  inspections,  except  as  provided  in  paragraph  (c)  of  
this   section,   have   discrepancies   repaired   as   prescribed   in   part   43   of  
this   chapter.   .   .   ."   These   Regulations   only   apply   to   aircraft   with   an  
airworthiness   certificate.   They   will   not,   therefore,   apply   to   my,  
Nathan  Limback's,  UAS.  However,  as  a  safety  precaution  I  inspect  my  
UAS  before  and  after  each  flight.  

  
A  Summary  The  FAA  May  Publish  in  the  Federal  Register:  A.  14  
C.F.R.   21   and   14   C.F.R.   91:   Airworthiness   Certificates,   Manuals  
and   The   Like.   14   C.F.R.   21,   Subpart   H,   entitled   Airworthiness  
Certificates,   sets   forth   requirements   for   procurement   of  
necessary   airworthiness   certificates   in   relation   to   FAR     
91.203(a)(1).  The  size,  weight  and  enclosed  operational  area  of  
my   UAS   permits   exemption   from   Part   21   because   my,   Nathan  
Limback's,  UAS  meets  an  equivalent  level  of  safety  pursuant  to  
Section  333  of  the  Reform  Act.  The  FAA  is  authorized  to  exempt  
aircraft   from   the   airworthiness   certificate   requirement   under  
both   the   Act   (49   U.S.C.      44701   (f))   and   Section   333   of   the  
Reform  Act.  Both  pieces  of  legislation  permit  the  FAA  to  exempt  
UAS's   from   the   airworthiness   certificate   requirement   in  
consideration   of   the   weight,   size,   speed,   maneuverability   and  
proximity  to  areas  such  as  airports  and  dense  populations.  My  
UAS   meets   or   exceeds   each   of   the   elements.   14   C.F.R.   91.7(a)  
prohibits   the   operation   of   an   aircraft   without   an   airworthiness  
certificate.   As   no   such   certificate   will   be   applicable   in   the   form  
contemplated   by   the   FARs,   this   Regulation   is   inapplicable.   14  
C.F.R.      91.9   (b)   (2)   requires   an   aircraft   flight   manual   in   the  
aircraft.  As  there  are  no  pilots  or  passengers,  and  given  the  size  
of  the  UAS's,  this  Regulation  is  inapplicable.  An  equivalent  level  
of  safety  will  be  achieved  by  maintaining  a  manual.  The  FAA  has  
previously   issued   exemptions   to   this   regulation   in   Exemption  
Nos.   8607,   8737,   8738,   9299,   9299A,   9565,   9565B,   10167,  
maintenance   program   that   involves   regular   software   updates  
and   curative   measures   for   any   damaged   hardware.   Therefore,  
an  equivalent  level  of  safety  will  be  achieved.  
  
In   summary,   Nathan   Limback   seeks   an   exemption   from   the  
following  
Regulations:  
  
14   C.F.R.   21,   subpart   H;   14   C.F.R.   45.23(b);   14   C.F.R.   ㎣   61.113  
(a)  &  (b);  14  C.F.R.    91.7  (a);  14  C.F.R.    91.9  (b)(2);  14  C.F.R.    
91.103(b);   14   C.F.R.      91.109;   14   C.F.R.      91.119;   14   C.F.R.     
91.121;  14  C.F.R.    91.151(a);  14  C.F.R.  ㎣  91.203(a)  and  (b);  14  
C.F.R.    91.405  (a);  14  C.F.R.    91.407  (a)(1);  14  C.F.R.    91.409  
(a)(2);  14  C.F.R.    91.409  (a  )  (2);  and,  14  C.F.R.  ㎣  91.417  (a)  &  
(b)   to   commercially   operate   my,   Nathan   Limback,   small  
unmanned   vehicle/lightweight   unmanned   aircraft   vehicle   in  
community   awareness   and   real   estate   operations,   and   to  
develop   economic   platforms   for   real   estate   and   other   aerial  
needs   to   enhance   the   experience   of   those   seeking   to   relocate  
to   the   Northern   New   Mexico   Area.   Currently,   area   awareness  
and  aerial  videography/photography  relies  primarily  on  the  use  
of   larger   aircraft   running   on   combustible   fuel.   Posing   potential  
risk   to   the   public.   Granting   my,   Nathan   Limback's,   request   for  
exemption   will   reduce   current   risk   levels   and   thereby   enhance  
safety.  My  UAS  craft  do  not  contain  potentially  explosive  fuel,  is  
smaller,  lighter  and  more  maneuverable  than  conventional  real  
estate   video   and   photographic   aircraft   with   much   less   flight  
time.   Further,   I   operate   at   lower   altitudes   and   in   controlled  
airspace   eliminating   potential   public   risk   flying   to   and   from  
established   air   fields.   I,   Nathan   Limback,   have   been   informally  
analyzing   flight   information   and   will   compile   safety   protocols  
and  the  implementation  of  a  flight  operations  manual  for  usage  
that   exceeds   currently   accepted   means   and   methods   for   safe  
flight.  Formal  collection  of  information  shared  with  the  FAA  will  
enhance   the   FAA's   internal   efforts   to   establish   protocols   for  
complying  with  the  FAA  Modernization  and  Reform  Act  of  2012.  
There   are   no   personnel   on   board   my,   Nathan   Limback's,   UAS  
and  therefore  the  likelihood  of  death  or  serious  bodily  injury  is  
significantly  diminished.  My,  Nathan  Limback's,  operation  of  my  
UAS,   weighing   less   than   10   pounds   and   travelling   at   lower  
speeds   within   limited   areas   will   provide   an   equivalent   level   of  
safety   as   that   achieved   under   current   FARs.   Accordingly   I,  
Nathan   Limback,   respectfully   request   that   the   FAA   grant   my  
exemption   request   and   am   willing   to   cooperate   in   sharing  
information   to   benefit   the   FAA,   safety   of   manned   aircraft,   and  
the  general  public  at  large.  
  
Respectfully  submitted,  
  
  

Nathan  Limback  
50  Obsidian  Loop  
Los  Alamos,  NM  87544  
Mobile:  (505)  500-2334  
Email:  nlimback@gmail.com  

  

  

  

  

  
INSPIRE 1

 User Manual    V1.2

  

   2015.3
 Using this manual

  
  Legends

  

        Warning      Important          Hints and Tips  Reference

  
  
  Before Flight

  
  The following tutorials and manuals have been produced to ensure you to make full use of your Inspire 1.

  
1.Disclaimer

2.In the Box

3.Inspire 1 Quick Start Guide

4.Safety Guidelines

5. Inspire 1 User
  Manual

  6. Intelligent Flight Battery Safety
    Guidelines

  
Watching all the tutorial videos and reading the Disclaimer before flight is recommended. Afterwards,

prepare for your first flight by using the Inspire 1 Quick Start Guide. Refer to this manual for more

  comprehensive information.

  
  Watch the video tutorials

  
  Please watch the tutorial video below to learn how to use Inspire 1 correctly and safely:

  www.dji.com/product/inspire-1/video
  

  
  Download the DJI Pilot app

  
  Download and install the DJI Pilot app before use. Scan the QR code or visit

   "http://m.dji.net/djipilot" to download the app.

  
  
  

  For the best experience, use mobile device with Andriod V 4.1.2 or above. Requires iOS 8.0 or later.

    2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.                                                                    2
 Contents                                            2
                                                     2
  
                                                     6
                                                    9
  Using this manual
            Legends                                 12
            Watch the video tutorials               13
                                                    16
  Product Profile                                   17
            Feature Highlights
            Aircraft Diagram                        24
                                                    31
  Aircraft                                          33
            Flight Mode                             35
            Return to Home (RTH)
            Vision Positioning System                2
            Attaching and Detaching the Propellers   2
                                                     6
  Remote Controllers                                 7
                                                     9
            Remote Controller Operations            12
            Remote Controller Status LED            12
            Remote Controller Compliance Version    15
            Camera Profile                          17
            Before Flight                           18
            Download the DJI Pilot app              24
            Introduction                            29
            Assemble the Aircraft
            Remote Controller Diagram
            Flight Controller
            Flight Status Indicator
            Dynamic Home Point
            Flight Recorder
            DJI Intelligent Flight Battery
            Remote Controller Profile
            Dual Remote Controllers Mode

    2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.                    3
               Linking the Remote Controller  32

     Gimbal and Camera                        36
               Gimbal                                     40
                           Camera                         43
                           Academy

                Flight

  

                                               2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.  4
Flight Environment Requirements                                45
Flight Limits and Flight Restriction Area                      45
Preflight Checklist                                            49
Calibrating the Compass                                        49
Auto Take-off and Auto Landing                                 50
Starting/Stopping the Motors                                   51
Flight Test                                                    51

            Appendix                                                   60
                        Intelligent Orientation Control (IOC)          62
                        FCC Compliance

     DJI Pilot App                                                 43
               Map                                                 43
               User Center
                                                                   57
     FAQ                                                           61
               Specifications
               How to Update Firmware

  

                                                                2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.  5
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  

                       Product Profile

  

                                                This chapter describes the features of
                                                Inspire 1, instructs you to assemble the
                                                aircraft and explains the components on
                                                the aircraft and remote controllers.

    2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.  6
 Product

 Profile

  
  Introduction

  
  The Inspire 1 is brand new quadcopter capable of capturing 4K video and transmitting an HD video
  signal (up to 2km) to multiple devices straight out of the box. Equipped with retractable landing gear, it
  can capture an unobstructed 360 degree view from its camera. The built-in camera has an integrated
  gimbal to maximize stability and weight efficiency while minimizing space. When no GPS signal is

  available, Vision Positioning technology provides hovering precision.

  

  Feature Highlights

  
  Camera and Gimbal: Up to 4K video recording and 12 megapixel photo capture. Reserved mounting
  space for ND filters for better exposure control. New quick-release mount allows you to remove the
  camera with ease.

  

  HD Video Downlink: Low latency, HD downlink powered by an enhanced version of the DJI Lightbridge
  system. It also provides dual controllers mode.

  

  Landing gear: Retractable landing gear that enables an unobstructed panoramic view from the camera.
  DJI Intelligent Flight Battery: 4500 mAh DJI Intelligent Flight Battery employs new battery cells and a
  battery management system.

  

  Flight Controller: The next generation flight controller system provides a more reliable flight experience.
  A new flight recorder stores the flight data from each flight, and Vision Positioning enhances hovering
  precision when no GPS is available.

  

  Assemble the Aircraft

  

  Unlocking Travel Mode

  The aircraft is in Travel Mode during delivery. Follow these steps to change it to Landing Mode before

  your first flight:
  1. Insert the Intelligent Flight Battery into the battery compartment.
  2. Power on the Remote Controller and the Intelligent Flight Battery.
  3. Toggle the Transformation Switch up and down at least four times.

4. Power off the aircraft.             Toggle4  Landing Mode

                          Travel Mode

    2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.                           7
   INSPIRE 1 User Manual

  

Battery must be fully charged before using it for the first time. Refer to "Charging the Intelligent

Flight Battery" (P21) for more information .

If you have purchased the dual remote controller version, you must use the Master remote
controller to deactivate Travel Mode. Refer to "Setting Up Dual Remote Controllers Mode" (P30)
section for more infromation about Master remote controller.
Be sure to remove the gimbal from the aircraft before switch from Landing Mode to Travel Mode.

              Place the aircraft on the smooth and reflective surface (e.g. table or tile) before switching between

              the travel modes to the landing mode. Do not place the aircraft on the rough and sound-absorbing

              surface (e.g. carpet) before switching between the travel modes and landing mode.

  
  Installing Gimbal and Camera

1. Remove Gimbal Cover.

2. Rotate the Gimbal Lock to the unlocked position (to the right when facing the nose of the aircraft).

3. Insert the gimbal by aligning the white mark on the Gimbal.

  4. Rotate the Gimbal Lock back into the locked position.

  

  
                             
1
                             
             Gimbal Cover    

                                               3 Gimbal Lock
  

                                                                                                      Mounting Place

     

                                              Gimbal Connector

  

                                        2 Locked

  

  

            Ensure the Micro-SD card is correctly inserted into the camera.

  

  Attaching Propellers

  Attach propellers with the black nut onto motors with the black dot and spin counter-clockwise to secure.
  Attach propellers with gray nut onto motors without a black dot and spin clockwise to secure.

  

    2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.                                                                                  8
   INSPIRE 1 User Manual

  

            Place all propellers onto the correct motor and tighten by hand to ensure security before flight.

  

     Attaching 1345s Quick-Release Propellers
     The 1345s Quick-Release propeller is the upgrade version of the propellers that greatly enhance the

     reliability of the propeller during the flight. Following the steps below to attach the 1345s Quick-Release

     propellers.

    1. Install the propellers with a white dot onto the mounting plates that have a white dot, and install the

     propellers without a white dot onto the mounting plates that do not have a white dot.

                                                                          
                                                                         Without white dot
  
                                                               Without
                          White dot                            white dot

                          White dot

  
  
  
  

  2. Align the hook (A) on the propellers with the securing spring (B), then press down the propeller onto
      the mounting plate then rotate the propellers according to the lock direction until it is secured.

  

  
  Preparing Remote Controller

  Tilt the Mobile Device Holder to the desired position then adjust the antenna as shown.

  1. Press the button on the side of the Mobile Device Holder to release the clamp, adjust it to fit then attach
      your mobile device.

  2. Connect your mobile device to the remote controller with a USB cable.

  3. Plug one end of the cable into your mobile device, and the other end into the USB port on the back of
      the remote controller.

  

    2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.                                                                           9
                                                  INSPIRE 1 User Manual

  

  Aircraft Diagram                        [1] GPS
    

  

                    [1]                    
                                            [2] Propeller (P17)
                    [7]         [2]   
                  [8]         [3] [3] Motor
     
     [6]                       [4]         
                                            [4] Front LED (P12)
                               [5]   
                                 [5] Landing gear
                                         
                                              [6] Gimbal and Camera (P35)
                                 
                                             
                                 
                                           
                                              [7] Intelligent Flight Battery (P18)
                               [9]         
                                   [8] Aircraft Micro-USB Port
     [11]                       [10]   

                                   [9] Rear LED (P12)
                                        
                                          [10] Camera Micro-USB Port
                                               
                                  
                                            [11] Camera Micro-SD Card Slot (P35)
                                  
                                               

                                [12]         [12] Vision Positioning Sensors (P16)
                                            
                                  
                                             [13] Aircraft Status Indicator (P13)
                                [13]

  

    Remote Controller Diagram
  

  
           
                                       [1] Antennas (P29)
           
                                          Relays aircraft control and video signal.
            
                                [1] [2] Mobile Device Holder
                                          Mounting place for your mobile device.
  
                               [2] [3] Control Stick
           
                                          Controls aircraft orientation.
                                      

     [9]                                [4] Return Home (RTH) Button (P13)
                                [3]
     [8]                        [4] Press and hold the button to initiate Return to
                                [5] Home (RTH).
    [7]                        [6] [5] Transformation Switch (P27)

                                            Toggle the switch up or down to raise or lower
                                            the landing gear.

    2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.                                                10
                                                                                                               INSPIRE 1 User Manual

                                                   [8] Power Button
  [6] Battery Level LEDs

         Displays the current battery level.              Used to power on or power off the remote controller.

     [7] Status LED                                 [9] RTH LED

        Displays the power status.                       Circular LED around the RTH button displays RTH status.

  
  
                                                                                                                                     
                                                                                                         [16] [17] [18] [19]
  [10] Camera Settings Dial                                                                                                           

         Turn the dial to adjust camera settings.                                                                                     
         Only functions when the remote controller is                                                                                 
         connected to a mobile device running the DJI                                                                                 
                                                                                      [15]                                           [10]
           Pilot app.
     [11] Playback Button                                                             [14]                                           [11]
                                                                                                                                      
           Playback the captured images or videos.
     [12] Shutter Button                                                                                                              
                                                                                      [13]
                                                                                                                                     [12]

  

        Press to take a photo. If in burst mode, the

         set number of photos will be taken with one

         press.

  [13] Flight Mode Switch

  

        Used to switch between P, A and F mode.

  

  [14] Video Recording Button

        Press to start recording video. Press again to                               
        stop recording.                                                              [18] CAN Bus Port

  [15] Gimbal Dial                                                                         Reserved for future use.

        Use this dial to control the tilt of the gimbal.                             [19] USB Port

  [16] Mini-HDMI Port                                                                      Connect to mobile device to access all of the
                                                                                           DJI Pilot app controls and features.
        Connect an HD compatible monitor to this                                     
        port to get a live HD video preview of what the
        camera sees.                                                                 
                                                                                     
  [17] Micro-USB Port                                                                
                                                                                     
        For connecting the remote controller to your
        computer.                                                                    [20] GPS Module

                                                                                          Used to pinpoint the location of the remote
                                                                                           controller.
  
                                                                             [20]

                                                                                        [21] Back Left Button

                                                                                          Customizable button in DJI Pilot app.
   [23]                                             [21]

                                                                                       [22] Power Port

                                                                                           Connect to a power source to charge the
                                                                                           remote controller's internal battery.
  
                                                                                        [23] Back Right Button
   [22]

    2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.                                                                                                      11
                                               INSPIRE 1 User Manual

  

        Customizable button in DJI Pilot app.

  

                                                2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.  12
  

  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

                        Aircraft

  

                                                This chapter describes the features of
                                                the Flight Controller, Vision Positioning
                                                System and the Intelligent Flight Battery.
  
  
  
  

    2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.  11
  

 Aircraft
  

  Flight Controller

  
  The Inspire 1's flight controller is based on DJI flight controller with several enhancements such as new

  flight mode and new safe mode. Three safe modes are available: Failsafe, Return Home and Dynamic

  Home Point. These features ensure the safe return of your aircraft if the control signal is lost. A flight

  recorder stores crucial flight data for each flight.

  

  Flight Mode

  
  Three flight modes are available. The details of each flight mode are found in the section below:
  P mode (Positioning) : P mode works best when GPS signal is strong. There are three different states of P

  mode, which will be automatically selected by the Inspire 1 depending on GPS signal strength and Vision
  Positioning sensors:

       P-GPS: GPS and Vision Positioning both are available, and the aircraft is using GPS for positioning.

       P-OPTI: Vision Positioning is available but the GPS signal is not. Aircraft is using only Vision
       Positioning for hovering

       P-ATTI: Neither GPS or Vision Positioning available, aircraft is using only its barometer for positioning,
       so only altitude is controlled.
  A mode (Attitude): The GPS and Vision Positioning System is not used for holding position. The aircraft

  only uses its barometer to maintain altitude. If it is still receiving a GPS signal, the aircraft can automatically
  return home if the Remote Controller signal is lost and if the Home Point has been recorded successfully.
  F mode (Function): Intelligent Orientation Control (IOC) is activated in this mode. For more information
  about IOC, refer to the IOC in Appendix.

  

           Use the Flight Controller mode switch to change the flight mode of the aircraft, refer to the "Flight
           Mode Switch" on P27 for more information.

  

  Flight Status Indicator

     The INSPIRE 1 comes with the Front LED, Rear LED and Aircraft Status Indicator. The positions of these

  LEDs are shown in the figure below:                       

                                                           
                                                                 Aircraft Status Indicator

                                     Front LED  Rear LED

  

     The Front and Rear LED show the orientation of the aircraft. The Front LED displays solid red and the
     Rear LED displays solid green.

     Aircraft Status Indicator shows the system status of the flight controller. Refer to the table below for more
     information about the Aircraft Status Indicator:

    2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.                      12
   INSPIRE 1 User Manual
  

   Aircraft Status Indicator Description                

                                                       
                                                        Power on and self-check
   Normal                  

                       Red, Green and Yellow Flash

         Alternatively

                  Green and Yellow Flash Alternatively Aircraft warming up

                   Green Flashes Slowly               Safe to Fly (P mode with GPS and Vision Positioning)
  
       X2 Green Flashes Twice                         Safe to Fly (P mode with Vision Positioning but without GPS)
                                                      Safe to Fly (A mode but No GPS and Vision Positioning)
     
   Yellow Flashes Slowly
          Warning
  
                                                      Remote Controller Signal Lost
             Fast Yellow Flashing                     Low Battery Warning
  

              Slow Red Flashing
  
              Fast Red Flashing                       Critical Low Battery Warning
  
              Red Flashing Alternatively              IMU Error
  
        -- Solid Red                                  Critical Error

  
                  Red and Yellow Flash Alternatively Compass Calibration Required

  
  

  Return to Home (RTH)

  
  The Return to Home (RTH) brings the aircraft back to the last recorded Home Point. There are three cases

     that will trigger RTH procedure; they are Smart RTH, Low Battery RTH and Failsafe RTH.

  

        GPS                                                          Description

                                        The Home Point is the location at which your aircraft takes off when the
                                          GPS signal is strong. You can view the GPS signal strength through
       
          Home Point                      the GPS icon ( ). If you are using the Dynamic Home Point

                                          setting, the Home Point will be updated to your current position as you

                                                 move around and when the Aircraft Status Indicator blinks green.

  

  Smart RTH

  

  Using the RTH button on the remote controller (refer to "RTH button" on P28 for more information) or the
  RTH button in the DJI Pilot app when GPS is available to enables smart RTH. The aircraft return to the
  latest recorded Home Point, you may control the aircraft's orientation to avoid collision during the Smart
  RTH. Press the Smart RTH button once to start the process, press the Smart RTH button again to exit
  Smart RTH and regain the control.

    2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.                                                                               13
   INSPIRE 1 User Manual
  

     Low Battery RTH

     The low battery level failsafe is triggered when the DJI Intelligent Flight Battery is depleted to a point that

     may affect the safe return of the aircraft. Users are advised to return home or land the aircraft immediately

     when these warnings are shown. DJI Pilot app will advise user to return the aircraft to the Home Point

     when low battery warning is triggered. Aircraft will automatically return to the Home Point if no action is

     taken after 10 seconds countdown. User can cancel the RTH by pressing once on the RTH button. The

     thresholds for these warnings are automatically determined based on the current aircraft altitude and its

     distance from the Home Point.

     Aircraft will land automatically if the current battery level can only support the aircraft to land to the ground

     from the current altitude. User can use the remote controller to control the aircraft's orientation during the

  landing process.

  
  The Battery Level Indicator is displayed in the DJI Pilot app, and is described below
  

  
                                                                  
                     Critical Low battery level
                                                                      Sufficient battery

                          warning(Red)                                level(Green)

                                                                 
                                                 Low battery   
                                                 level warning                             Remaining flight time

  

  

                                                                           Power requires
                                                                           to return home

  

                                                     Battery level indicator
    Battery Level   
       Warning         Remark                         Aircraft Status                     DJI Pilot app            
                                                         Indicator                                                  Flight Instructions

                                                                        Tap "Go-home" to have                    
                                                                         the aircraft return to the
                                                                        Home point and land                      
                                                 
                                                                          automatically, or "Cancel" to           Fly the aircraft
      Low battery                                 Aircraft status                                                  back and land
      level warning   The battery                 indicator blinks         resume normal flight. If no             it as soon as
                      power is low.               RED slowly.              action is taken, the aircraft
                      Please land the                                      will automatically go home              possible, then
                      aircraft.                                            and land after 10 seconds.              stop the motors
                                                                           Remote controller will sound            and replace the
                                                                           an alarm.                               battery.

                                                                        The DJI Pilot app screen will          The aircraft
      Critical Low    The aircraft                Aircraft status          flash red and aircraft starts to       will begin to
      battery level   must land                   indicator blinks         descend. Remote controller             descend and land
      warning         immediately.                RED quickly.             will sound an alarm.                   automatically.

                      Estimated                     N/A                                 N/A                      
      Estimated        remaining flight
      remaining                                                                                                   
      flight time
                       based on current                                                                                      N/A

                       battery level.

    2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.                                                                                                     14
   INSPIRE 1 User Manual

  

When the critical battery level warning activates and the aircraft is descending to land

automatically, you may push the throttle upward to hover the aircraft and navigate it to a more
appropriate location for landing.

Color zones and markers on the battery level indicator reflect estimated remaining flight time
and are adjusted automatically, according to the aircraft's current status.

  

  Failsafe RTH

Failsafe RTH is activated automatically if remote controller signal (including video relay signal) is lost for

more than 3 seconds provided that Home Point has been successfully recorded and compass is working

normally. Return home process may be interrupted and the operator can regain control over the aircraft if

a remote controller signal is resumed.

                                                                                      
                                                                                        
  Failsafe Illustration          
                                 2 Confirm Home Point                                    3 Remote Controller Signal Lost
  
                                                                                         
   1 Record Home Point (HP)                                                            
                                                                                        
                                
                                                                                        Fast Blinking Yellow

                                                                                       
    Blinking Green                                                                       6 Landing after Hovering 15secs
                                  Blinking Green
                                                                                       
   4 Signal Lost Lasts 3secs.                                                           Fast Blinking Yellow
                               5 Go Home(20m can be set)
                                                 
  
                                                                Height over HP>20m
                                                         20m Elevate to 20m

                                                                 Height over HP<=20m

   Fast Blinking Yellow        Fast Blinking Yellow

  

              Aircraft cannot avoid obstruction during the Failsafe RTH, therefore it is important to set an
              reasonable Failsafe altitude before each flight. Launch the DJI Pilot app and enter "Camera"

              view and select "MODE" to set the Failsafe altitude.
              Aircraft will stop ascending and immediately return to the Home Point if you move the throttle
              stick if the aircraft reaches 20 m altitudes or beyond during Failsafe.

  

  Dynamic Home Point

  
  Dynamic home point is useful in situations when you are in motion and require a Home Point that is
  different from the takeoff point. GPS module is located at the position shown in the figure below:

                                                                                                                GPS

  

            Ensure the space above the GPS module is not obstructed when using Dynamic Home Point.

    2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.                                                                                 15
   INSPIRE 1 User Manual
  

  There are two options for Dynamic Home Point.
  1. Set the aircraft current coordinate as the new Home Point.
  2. Set the remote controller's coordinate as the new Home Point.

  
  Setting Up Dynamic Home Point

  Follow the steps below to setup Dynamic Home Point:
  1. Connect to the mobile device and launch the DJI Pilot app and go to the "Camera" page.

  2. Tap" "and select" ", to reset the remote controller's coordinates as the new Home Point.
  3. Tap" "and select" ", to reset the aircraft's coordinates as the new Home Point.
  4. The aircraft status indicator blinks green to show Home Point is set successfully.

  

  
  Vision Positioning System

  
  DJI Vision Positioning is a positioning system that uses ultrasonic and image data to help the aircraft
  identify its current position. With the help of Vision Positioning, your Inspire 1 can hover in place more
  precisely and fly indoors or in other environments where there is no GPS signal available. The main
  components of DJI Vision Positioning are located on the bottom of your Inspire 1, including [1]two sonar
  sensors and[2]one monocular camera.

  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

                                                                                                           [2]

  

  

                                                                [1]

  

  Using Vision Positioning

  Vision Positioning is activated automatically when the Inspire 1 is powered on. No manual action is
  required. Vision Positioning is typically used in the indoor environment where no GPS is available. By
  using the sensors on the Vision Positioning system, Inspire 1 can perform precision hovering even when
  no GPS is available.

  

    2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.  16
   INSPIRE 1 User Manual
  

  Follow the steps below to use Vision Positioning:

  1. Toggle the switch to "P" as shown the figure to the right:
  2. Place the Inspire 1 on a flat surface. Notice that the Vision Positioning system

      cannot work properly on surfaces without pattern variations.

  3. Power on the Inspire 1. The aircraft status indicator will flash twice in green light,
      which indicates the Vision Positioning system is ready. Gently push the throttle up
      to lift off, and the Inspire 1 will hover in place.

  

            The performance of your Inspire 1's Vision Positioning System is subject to the surface you are
            flying over. The ultrasonic waves may not be able to accurately measure the distance over sound
            absorbing materials, and the camera may not function correctly in suboptimal environments. The
            aircraft will switch from "P" mode to "A" mode automatically if both GPS and Vision Positioning
            System are not available. So operate the aircraft cautiously when in any of the following situations:

              Flying over monochrome surfaces (e.g. pure black, pure white, pure red, pure green).
              Flying over a highly reflective surfaces.

              Flying at high speeds(over 8m/s at 2 meters or over 4m/s at 1 meter).
              Flying over water or transparent surfaces.
              Flying over moving surfaces or objects.

              Flying in an area where the lighting changes frequently or drastically.
              Flying over extremely dark (lux < 10) or bright (lux > 10,000) surfaces.
              Flying over surfaces that can absorb sound waves (e.g. thick carpet).
              Flying over surfaces without clear patterns or texture.
              Flying over surfaces with identical repeating patterns or textures (e.g. tiles with same design).

              Flying over inclined surfaces that will deflect sound waves away from the aircraft.

              In the event of loss of remote controller's signal, the aircraft will hover for 8 seconds and then
              auto-land if it is in "P" mode.
  
              Keep the sensors clean at all times. Dirt or other debris may adversely affect the effectiveness
              of the sensors.
              The effective hovering altitudes of the aircraft is from 0 to 2.5 meters.

              Vision Positioning system may not function properly when the aircraft is flying over water.
              Vision Positioning system may not be able to recognize pattern on the ground in low light
              conditions (less than 100lux).

              Do not use other ultrasonic devices with frequency of 40 KHz when Vision Positioning system is
              in operation.
              Vision Positioning system may not be able to stabilize the aircraft when flying close to the
              ground (below 0.5 meters) in fast speed.
  
            Keep the animals away from the aircraft when Vision Positioning system is activated. The sonar

            sensor emits high frequency sound that is only audible to some animals.

  

  Flight Recorder

  
  Flight data is automatically stored in the internal storage device of the aircraft. User can gain access to

  these data through the DJI Pilot app. This includes flight duration, orientation, distance, aircraft status

  information, speed, and other parameters.
  

  Attaching and Detaching the Propellers

  
  Use only DJI approved propellers with your Inspire 1. The grey or black nut on the propeller indicates

  the rotation direction of the propeller and where it should be attached. To attach the propellers properly,

    2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.  17
                                                                           INSPIRE 1 User Manual
                                                                  Black cap(1345R)

    match the nut with the dots on the motors of your Inspire 1:

     Propellers                 Grey cap(1345)

     Figure

     Attach On   Motors without a black dot                        Motors with a black dot

                               Lock : Turn the propellers in the indicated direction to mount and tighten
                                Unlock : Turn the propellers in the indicated direction to loosen and remove
   Legends

  
     Attaching the Propellers

  1. Attach the propellers with a grey nut onto a motor without a black dot and spin the propellers clockwise

      to secure them in place. Attach the propellers with a black nut onto a motor with a black dot and spin

      the propellers counter clockwise to secure its position. Be sure to completely tighten each propeller by

      hand before flight.

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

              Ensure propellers are attached to its corresponding motors, otherwise the aircraft cannot take off.
              Handling the propellers with care.

              Manually tighten each of the propellers on the corresponding motors to ensure it is attached firmly.

  
  Detaching the Propellers

  Hold the motor still. Then spin the propeller in the unlock direction indicated on the propeller itself.

  
  Detaching 1345s Quick-Release Propellers

  Press the 1345s Quick-Release propellers downward firmly then rotate the propeller in the unlock
  direction to unlock the propellers.

  

              Check that the propellers and motors are installed correctly and firmly before every flight.
              Ensure that all propellers are in good condition before each flight. DO NOT use old, chipped,

              or broken propellers.

              To avoid injury, STAND CLEAR of and DO NOT touch propellers or motors when they are spinning.

              ONLY use original DJI propellers for a better and safer flight experience.

  

  DJI Intelligent Flight Battery

  
  The DJI Intelligent Flight Battery has a capacity of 4500mAh, voltage of 22.2V, and smart charge-

  discharge functionality. It can only be charged with an appropriate DJI approved charger.

  

    Intelligent Flight Battery                                                         Charger                      18
                                                                    2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.
  
   INSPIRE 1 User Manual

  

            Battery must be fully charged before using it for the first time. Refer to "Charging the Intelligent

            Flight Battery" P21 for more information .

  

  DJI Intelligent Flight Battery Functions

  1. Battery Level Display: LEDs display the current battery level.
  2. Battery Life Display: LEDs display the current battery power cycle.
  3. Auto-discharging Function: The battery automatically discharges to below 65% of total power when it

      is idle (press the power button to check battery level will cause battery to exit idle state) for more than
      10 days to prevent swelling. It takes around 2 days to discharge the battery to 65%.It is normal to feel
      moderate heat emitting from the battery during the discharge process. Discharge thresholds can be
      set in the DJI Pilot app.
  4. Balanced Charging: Automatically balances the voltage of each battery cell when charging.

  5. Over charge Protection: Charging automatically stops when the battery is fully charged.
  6. Temperature Detection: The battery will only charge when the temperature is between 0 캜(32캟) and

      40캜 (104캟).

  7. Over Current Protection: Battery stops charging when high amperage (more than 10A) is detected.

  8. Over Discharge Protection: Discharging automatically stops when the battery voltage reaches 18V to
      prevent over-discharge damage

  9. Short Circuit Protection: Automatically cuts the power supply when a short circuit is detected.
  10. Battery Cell Damages Protection: DJI Pilot app shows warning message when damaged battery cell

       is detected.
  11. Battery Information History: Show the last 32 entries of battery information records that include warning

       messages and so on.
  12. Sleep Mode: Sleep mode is entered after 10 minutes of inactivity to save power.

  13. Communication: Battery voltage, capacity, current, and other relevant information is provided to the
       aircraft's to the main controller.

  

            Refer to Disclaimer and Intelligent Flight Battery Safety Guidelins before use. Users take full
            responsibility for all operations and usage.

  

  Using the Battery             LED4           Power Button
                     LED2                       (Built-in LED)
                                     LED3
                                      LED1
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Powering ON/OFF

Powering On: Press the Power Button once, then press again and hold for 2 seconds to power on. The
                  Power LED will turn red and the Battery Level Indicators will display the current battery level.

Powering Off: Press the Power Button once, then press again and hold for 2 seconds to power off.

    2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.                                                              19
   INSPIRE 1 User Manual
  

Low Temperature Notice:

1. The performance of the intelligent Flight Battery is significantly reduced when flying in a low

temperature environments (those with air temperatures below 5). Ensure that the battery is fully

   charged and the cell voltage is at 4.43 V before each flight.
2. Using the Intelligent Flight Battery in extremely low temperature environments (those with air

temperatures below -10) is not recommended. When flying in environments with temperatures

between 5 and -10, the Intelligent Flight Battery should be able to achieve the appropriate voltage

levels (above 4.2 V), but it is recommended that you apply the included insulation sticker to the battery
in order to prevent a rapid drop in temperatures.

3. If the DJI Pilot app displays the "Critical Low Battery Level Warning" when flying in low temperature
   environments, stop flying and land the aircraft immediately. You will still be able to control the aircraft's
   movement when this warning is triggered.

4. Store the Intelligent Flight Battery in a room temperature environment and ensure that its temperature

exceeds 5 before using it in the low temperature environment.

5. When using the Inspire 1 in a low temperature environment, begin by allowing the aircraft to hover at a

low altitude, for approximately one minute, to heat the battery.

  6. To ensure optimum performance, keep the Intelligent Flight Battery's core temperature above 20

      when in use.

  

            In cold environments, insert the battery into the battery compartment and allow the aircraft to

            warm up for approximately 1-2 minutes before taking off.

  
Checking the battery level

The Battery Level Indicators display how much remaining power the battery has. When the battery is

  powered off, press the Power Button once. The Battery Level Indicators will light up to display the current
  battery level. See below for details.
  

          The Battery Level Indicators will also show the current battery level during charging and

discharging. The indicators are defined below.

                : LED is on.   : LED is flashing.

                : LED is off.
  

  
  Battery Level   

     LED1  LED2                LED3  LED4                         Battery Level
                                                                  87.5%~100%
                                                                75%~87.5%

                                                                           62.5%~75%

                                                     

                                                                           50%~62.5%

                                                                           37.5%~50%

                                                     

                                                                           25%~37.5%

                                                                           12.5%~25%

                                                     

                                                                            0%~12.5%

                                                                  =0%

    2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.                                                  20
   INSPIRE 1 User Manual
  

Battery life

The battery life indicates how many more times the battery can be discharged and recharged before

it must be replaced. When the battery is powered off, press and hold the Power Button for 5 seconds
to check the battery life. The Battery Level Indicators will light up and/or blink as described below for 2

  seconds:

  
  Battery Life   

     LED1           LED2                       LED3  LED4                    Battery Life
                                                                             90%~100%
                                                                           80%~90%

                                                                              70%~80%

                                                       

                                                                              60%~70%

                                                                              50%~60%

                                                       

                                                                              40%~50%

                                                                                                   30%~40%

                                                                                                                    

                                                                                                   20%~30%

                                                                                                   below 20%

  

            When battery life reaches 0%, it can no longer be used.

  

            For more information about the battery, launch DJI Pilot app and check the information under the
            battery tab.

  
  Charging the Intelligent Flight Battery

  1. Connect Battery Charger to a power source (100-240V 50/60Hz).

  2. Open the Protection Cap and connect the Intelligent Flight Battery to the Battery Charger. If the battery

      level is above 95%, turn on the battery before charging.
  3. The Battery Level Indicator will display the current battery level during charging.
  4. The Intelligent Flight Battery is fully charged when Battery Level Indicators are all off.

  5. Air cool the Intelligent Flight Battery after each flight. Allow its temperature to drop to room temperature
      before storing it for an extended period.

  

              Do not charge the Intelligent Flight Battery and remote controller with standard charger (model:

              A14-100P1A) at the same time, otherwise the charger may overheat.
              Always turn off the battery before inserting it or removing it from the Inspire 1. Never insert or
              remove a battery when it is powered on.

  
  
  

                                                                                                                       Power Outlet

                                                    Charger

                                                                             2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.                        21
                   Intelligent Flight Battery

  
   INSPIRE 1 User Manual

  

             Battery Level Indicators while Charging

  

             LED1  LED2  LED3                         LED4       Battery Level
                                                                   0%~25%
                                                                25%~50%
                                                                 50%~75%
                                                              
                                                                75%~100%

                                                                                                 Fully Charged
  

  Charging Protection LED Display

  The table below shows battery protection mechanisms and corresponding LED patterns.

  

             Battery Level Indicators while Charging

                                                                Battery Protection Item

    LED1 LED2 LED3 LED4 Blinking Pattern
  
                         LED2 blinks twice per second
                                                                Over current detected

                                              LED2 blinks three times per second Short circuit detected
  
                         LED3 blinks twice per second
                                                                Over charge detected

                         LED3 blinks three times per second Over-voltage charger detected
  

                                                                                               Charging temperature is too low
                         LED4 blinks twice per second
                                                               (<0캜)

                         LED4 blinks three times per second      Charging temperature is too high
                                                                 (>40캜)

  

  After any of the above mentioned protection issues are resolved, press the button to turn off the Battery
  Level Indicator. Unplug the Intelligent Flight Battery from the charger and plug it back in to resume
  charging. Note that you do not need to unplug and plug the charger in the event of a room temperature
  error, the charger will resume charging when the temperature falls within the normal range.

  

            DJI does not take any responsibility for damage caused by third-party chargers.
  

            How to discharge your Intelligent Flight Battery:

            To effectively calibrate the battery capacity, it is recommended to charge and discharge the
            battery thoroughly for every 10 charge-and-discharge cycle. User should install the battery onto

            the aircraft and then power on the aircraft to initiate the discharge process, discharge the battery
            until the aircraft is powered off automatically. User should then fully charge the battery to ensure
            the battery is working at its optimal.
            Slow: Place the Intelligent Flight Battery into the Inspire 1's Battery Compartment and power it

                     on. Leave it on until there is less than 5% of power left, or until the battery can no longer
                     be turned on. Launch the DJI Pilot app to check battery level.
            Rapid: Fly the Inspire 1 outdoors until there is less than 5% of power left, or until the battery can
                     no longer be turned on.

    2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.                                                                            22
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  

                            Remote Controllers

  

  
                                                          This chapter describes the features
                                                          of the remote controller that includes
                                                          aircraft and remote controller operations
                                                          and dual remote controller mode.

    2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.  23
Controllers    

              Remote Controller
               

               Remote Controller Profile

               

               The Inspire 1 Remote Controller is a multi-function wireless communication device that integrates the
               video downlink ground system and aircraft Remote Controller system. The video downlink and aircraft
               Remote Controller system operate at 2.4 GHz with maximum transmission distance of 2km. The remote
               controller features a number of camera functions, such as taking and previewing photos and video, and
               controlling gimbal motions. The remote controller is powered by a 2S rechargeable battery. The current
               battery level is displayed by LEDs on the front panel of the remote control.

               

                          Compliance Version: The Remote Controller is compliant with both CE and FCC regulations.
                          Operating Mode: Control can be set to Mode 1 , Mode 2.
                          Mode 1: The right stick serves as the throttle.
                          Mode 2: The left stick serves as the throttle.
               
                        Do not operate more than 3 aircrafts within in the same area (size equivalent to a soccer field) to
                        prevent transmission interference.
               

               
               Remote Controller Operations

               

               Powering On And Off The Remote Controller
               The Inspire 1 remote controller is powered by a 2S rechargeable battery with a capacity of 6000mAh. The
               battery level is indicated by the Battery Level LEDs on the front panel. Follow the steps below to power on
               your remote controller:
               1. When powered off, press the Power Button once and the Battery Level LEDs will display the current

                   battery level.
               2. Then, press and hold the Power Button to power on the remote controller.
               3. The Remote Controller will beep when it powers on. The Status LED will blink green (slave remote

                   controller blinks solid purple) rapidly, indicating that the remote controller is linking to the aircraft. The
                   Status LED will show a solid green light when linking is completed.
               4. Repeat step 2 to power off the remote controller after finish using it.

               

                                                                   2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.  24
               Charging Remote Controller

               Charge the remote controller via supplied charger.

               
   INSPIRE 1 User Manual

  

  
  
  
  
  

                                                                                                                                                         Power Outlet
  

                                                                                                           Charger
  

              Power Button

  
  Controlling Camera
                                                                                                                                                                       Controllers
  

  Shoot videos or images and adjust camera settings via the Shutter Button, Camera Settings Dial, Playback

  Button and Video Recording Button on the remote control.

  
  
  

  

   [1]
                                          [4]                                                                       [2]
                                                                                                                      
  
                                                                                                                     
  
                                                                                                                   [3]
  
  
  
  

  

  [1] Camera Settings Dial

  

       Turn the dial to quickly adjust camera settings such as ISO and shutter speed without letting go of the

       remote controller. Move the dial button to left or right to view the pictures or videos in playback mode.

  

  [2] Playback Button

       Press to view images or videos that have already been captured.

  
  [3] Shutter Button

  

       Press to take a photo. If burst mode is activated, multiple photos will be taken with a single press.

  

  [4] Recoding Button

  

       Press once to start recording video, then press again to stop recording.

  
  Controlling Aircraft

  This section explains how to use the various features of the remote controller. The Remote Controller is set

  to Mode 2 by default.

    2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.                                                                                     25
                INSPIRE 1 User Manual

               

                       Stick Neutral/ mid point: Control sticks of the Remote Controller are placed at the central position.

                       Move the Stick: The control stick is pushed away from the central position.

                                                                    
               
                                                    Aircraft         Remarks
                        Remote         ( indicates nose direction)
                       Controller
                       (Mode 2)

                                                                  Moving the left stick up and down changes the
                                                                    aircraft's elevation.
                                                                   Push the stick up to ascend and down to descend.
                    

                                                                    Push the throttle stick up to takeoff.

                                                                    When both sticks are centered, the Inspire 1 will
                                                                    hover in place.

                                                                    The more the stick is pushed away from the

Controllers                                                        center position, the faster the Inspire 1 will change
                                                                    elevation. Always push the stick gently to prevent
                                                                   sudden and unexpected elevation changes.
                    
                                                                    Moving the left stick to the left or right controls the
                                                                  rudder and rotation of the aircraft.

                                                                    Push the sick left to rotate the aircraft counter

                                                                    clock-wise, and push the stick right to rotate the

                                                                    aircraft clockwise. If the stick is centered, the

                                                                    Inspire 1 will stay facing its current direction.

                                                                   The more the stick is pushed away from the center
                                                                    position, the faster the Inspire 1 will rotate.
                       
                                                                  Moving the right stick up and down changes the
                                                                    aircraft's forward and backward pitch.

                                                                    Push the stick up to fly forward and down to fly
                                                                    backward. The Inspire 1 will hover in place if the stick

                                                                   is centered.
                                                                  Push the stick further away from the center position for
                                                                    a larger pitch angle (maximum 35) and faster flight.

                                                                    Moving the right stick control left and right changes
                                                                    the aircraft's left and right pitch.

                                                                    Push left to fly left and right to fly right. The Inspire 1
                                                                    will hover in place if the stick is centered.

                                                                    Push the stick further away from the center position for

                                                                   a larger pitch angle (maximum 35) and faster flight.
                                                                      
                                                                     Gimbal Dial: Turn the dial to the right, and the

                                                                    camera will shift to point upwards. Turn the

                                                                    dial to the left, and the camera will shift to point
                                                                    downwards. The camera will remain in its current
                                                                    position when dial is static.

                 2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.                                                                           26
   INSPIRE 1 User Manual
  

     Flight Mode Switch

  Toggle the switch to select the desired flight mode.                    F
  You may choose between; P mode, F mode and A
  mode.

  

          Figure         Flight Mode                                      A
        F                  F mode
                          A mode
        A

        P                P mode                                           P

  

  P mode (Positioning) : P mode works best when GPS signal is strong. There are three different states of P            Controllers
  mode, which will be automatically selected by the Inspire 1 depending on GPS signal strength and Vision
  Positioning sensors:

       P-GPS: GPS and Vision Positioning both are available, and the aircraft is using GPS for positioning.
       P-OPTI: Vision Positioning is available but the GPS signal is not. Aircraft is using only Vision
       Positioning for hovering
       P-ATTI: Neither GPS or Vision Positioning available, aircraft is using only its barometer for positioning,
       so only altitude is controlled.
  A mode (Attitude): The GPS and Vision Positioning System is not used for holding position. The aircraft

  only uses its barometer to maintain altitude. If it is still receiving a GPS signal, the aircraft can automatically
  return home if the Remote Controller signal is lost and if the Home Point has been recorded successfully.
  F mode (Function): Intelligent Orientation Control (IOC) is activated in this mode. For more information
  about IOC, refer to the IOC in Appendix.

  The Flight Mode Switch is locked in P mode by default. To unlock the switch, launch the DJI Pilot app,
  enter the "Camera" page, tap "MODE", and then activate "Multiple Flight Mode" .

  
  Transformation Switch / RTH Button

     The Transformation Switch / RTH Button combination serves two functions. Toggle the switch up or down
     to raise or lower the landing gear. Or, press the button to activate the Return to Home (RTH) procedure.
     Transformation Switch

  This switch has two positions. The effect of toggling the switch to any of these positions is defined below:

  

                        Lower                                     Raise

    1. Raise: Raise the landing gear to its upper most position.

    2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.                                                                            27
                                                                                         INSPIRE 1 User Manual
               

               2. Lower: The landing gear will lower to its lowest position for landing.

               

Controllers    
                         Do not raise the landing gear when the aircraft is on the ground. Ensure the landing gear is
                         lowered before landing.

               
               RTH button
               Press and hold this button to start the Return to Home (RTH) procedure. The LED around the RTH Button
               will blink white to indicate the aircraft is entering RTH mode. The aircraft will then return to the last recorded
               Home Point. Press this button again to cancel the RTH procedure and regain the control of the aircraft.

               
               
               
               
               
               
               
               
               
               
               
               
               

               Connecting Mobile Device

               Tilt the Mobile Device Holder to the desired position. Press the button on the side of the Mobile Device Holder

               to release the clamp, and then place your mobile device into the clamp. Adjust the clamp to secure your
               mobile device. Then connect your mobile device to the remote controller with a USB cable. Plug one end of

               the cable into your mobile device, and the other end into the USB port on the back of the remote controller.
               

                 2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.                                         28
   INSPIRE 1 User Manual
  

  Optimal Transmission Range

  The signal transmission between aircraft and remote controller perform best within the range that
  displayed in the picture shown below:
  

  
  
  

                               Optimal Transmission Range

              Weak

       Strong

  

  
Ensure the aircraft is flying within the optimal transmission range. Adjust the distance and position

  between the operator and the aircraft to achieve optimal transmission performance.                            Controllers

  
  Dual Remote Controllers Mode

  

  More than one remote controller can connect to the same aircraft in Dual Remote Controller mode. In

Dual Controllers mode, the "Master" remote controller operator controls the orientation of the aircraft, while
the "Slave" remote controller controls the movement of the gimbal and camera operation. When multiple

"slave" remote controllers (max of 6) are connect to the aircraft, only the first connected "slave" remote

controller is able to control the gimbal, the remaining "slave" remote controller can view the live feed video

  from the aircraft and set the camera parameters, but they cannot control the gimbal.

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  

               Master Remote                               Slave Remote
                   Controller                                Controller

    2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.                                                    29
                INSPIRE 1 User Manual

               

                         Use the gimbal dial on the remote controller to control the pitch movement of the camera in the

                         single remote controller mode, however, you cannot control the pan movement of the camera.
               

               Setting Up Dual Remote Controllers Mode

               Dual Remote Controllers mode is disabled by default. Users must enable this feature on the "Master"
               remote controller by through the DJI Pilot app. Follow the steps below for setup:

               

               "Master" Remote Controller:

                  1. Connect the remote controller to your mobile device and launch the DJI Pilot app.

                  2. Go to the Camera page, and tap                              to enter the remote controller settings window.

                  3. Tap "Set RC Status" to enable Master-and-Slave mode.

               4. Select "Master" in the "Set RC Status" section to set the remote controller as "Master" remote controller.

               

Controllers                                                                                 RC Settings
               

               

                       RC Control Settings

               

                                    
                                                       Master and Slave

                    

                   Set RC Status

                                                                                                           
                   RC Name                                               T12254            Connection Password           1234

                                                                                                                   
                    Slave RC List

               
               
               
               

               5. Enter the connection password for the "Slave" remote controller.
               

               "Slave" Remote Controller:

               1. Tap "Search for Master Controller" to search the "Master" remote controller.
               

                                                                                            RC Settings
               

               

                                               RC Control Setting
               

                                    
                                                       Master and Slave

                       Set RC Status                                                                                   

                                                                                                          OFF       Master Slave

                       RC Name                                                                                 
                                       S88642

                                                                                      Request Control                  

                                                                                 Search for Master Controller
               

                                                        Master RC List

                 2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.                                                                                 30
   INSPIRE 1 User Manual

  

            Remote controller cannot link to the aircraft if the remote controller is set as "Slave". Meanwhile,
            the "Slave" remote controller cannot control the orientation of the aircraft. Reset the remote

            controller to "Master" in DJI Pilot app if you wish to link the remote controller to the aircraft.

  

  

  2. Search the "Master" remote controller in the surrounding area in the "Request Control" section.
  

  
  
  

                                 RC Control Settings
  

                      
                                         Master and Slave

     Set RC Status                                                                                  

                                                                                          OFF         Master Slave

     RC Name                                                                                                                         Controllers
                                                              S88642

                                                                      Request Control               

                                                                   Search for Master Controller
  

                                          Master RC List

  

                                     T12254

  

  
  

  3. Select the "Master" remote controller from the "Master RC List" and input the connection password to
      connect to the desired "Master" remote controller.

    

T12254                                                                Connection Password                           1234

                          Master RC List

  
  
  

  Remote Controller Status LED

  
  The Status LED reflects connection status between Remote Controller and aircraft. The RTH LED shows

  the Return to Home status of the aircraft. The table below contains details on these indicators.

  
  

  
                                                                                                                                 RTH LED

  

  
                                   Status LED

    2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.                                                                                      31
                                                  Alarm                                                       INSPIRE 1 User Manual
                                                      chime
                                                     chime          Remote Controller Status
                                                                     The remote controller set as "Master" but it is not
                Status LED                         D-D-              connected with the aircraft.
                                                                     The remote controller set as "Master" and it is connected
                                                  D-D- chime        with the aircraft.
                                                                     The remote controller set as "Slave" but it is not
                     -- Solid Red                                    connected with the aircraft.
                                                                     The remote controller set as "Slave" and it is connected
                                                                   with the aircraft.
                                                                     Remote controller error.
                     -- Solid Green
                                                                     HD Downlink is disrupted.
                 
                                                                     Remote Controller Status.
                     -- Solid Purple                                 Aircraft is returning home.
                                                                     Sending Return to Home command to the aircraft.
                                                                   Aircraft Return to Home in progress.

                     -- Solid Blue

                          Slow Blinking Red D-D-D......
                        /                       

                                                
                     Red and Green/ Red and None

Controllers          Yellow Alternate Blinks

                   RTH LED                         Sound
                                                      chime
                  
                                                   D...
                        -- Solid White

                  

                             Blinking White

                           Blinking White          DD .. .. ..

                  

                         The Remote Status Indicator will blink red, sound an alert, when the battery level is critically low.

               
               

               Linking the Remote Controller

               
               The remote controller is linked to your aircraft before delivery. Linking is only required when using a new
               remote controller for the first time. Follow these steps to link a new remote controller:

               

               1. Power on the remote controller and connect to the mobile device. Launch DJI Pilot app.
               2. Power on the Intelligent Flight Battery.
               3. Enter "Camera" view and tap on and then tap "Linking Remote Controller" button as shown below.
               

                                                                                                    RC Control Setting

               

                                      Remote Control Calibration

                                      Stick Mode

                                                                Default stick mode is Mode 2, changing stick modes alters the way the aircraft is controlled.
                                                                Do not change unless familiar with your new mode.

               

                                      C1 Gimbal Pitch/Yaw            C2 Reset gimbal yaw

                 

                                                                                                                       You can customize the C1 and C2 buttons on the back

                                                                                                                       of the remote controller.

               

                                                                Linking Remote Controller

                 2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.                                                                                                                           32
   INSPIRE 1 User Manual
  

  4. The remote controller is ready to link. The Remote Controller Status Indicator blinks blue and "beep"

      sound is emitted.

  

                                                                            RC Control Setting

  

                                    Remote Control Calibration

  

                                    Stick Mode

  
                                                                                             Searching for aircraft frequency,

                                           Default stick mode is Mode 2, changingtismtiecokumt oind5e4s saeltceorsndthse way the aircraft is controlled.
                                           Do not change unless familiar with your new mode.

                                                                                        Press the linking button on the aircraft
                                                                                                to link this remote controller

C1 Gimbal Pitch/Yaw  C2 Reset gimbal yaw
   CaCn2cel

                                                                                               You can customize the C1 and C2 buttons on the back            Controllers
                                                                                               of the remote controller.

  

                                                                       Linking Remote Controller
  

  

  5. Locate the Linking button on the front of the aircraft, as shown in the figure shown below. Press the
      Linking button to start linking. The Remote Controller Status Indicator will display solid green if Link is
      succeed.

  

  

    
  
  

              Remote controller cannot link to the aircraft if the remote controller is set as "Slave". Meanwhile,
              the "Slave" remote controller cannot control the orientation of the aircraft. Reset the remote
              controller to "Master" in DJI Pilot app if you wish to link the remote controller to the aircraft.
              Remote controller will disconnect from the linked aircraft if a new remote controller is linked to
              the same aircraft.
  

  
  Remote Controller Compliance Version

  
  The remote controller is compliant with both CE and FCC requirements.

    2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.                                                                                                                      33
                                           INSPIRE 1 User Manual

  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Gimbal and Camera

 This chapter provides the technical
 specifications of the camera and explains
 the working mode of the gimbal.
  
  
  

  

    2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.        34
  

 Camera and Gimbal
  

  Camera Profile

  

  The on-board camera supports 4K video capture up to 4096x2160p24 and 12M pixel photos capture by
  using the 1/2.3 inch CMOS sensor. You may export the video in either MOV or MP4 format for editing.
  Available picture shooting modes include burst, continuous, and timer mode. A live preview of what the
  camera is seeing before you shoot videos and pictures is supported through the DJI Pilot App.

  

  Camera Micro-SD Card Slot

  

  To store your photos and videos, plug in the micro-SD card into the slot shown below before powering on
  the Inspire 1. The Inspire 1 comes with a 16GB micro-SD card and supports up to a 64GB micro-SD card.
  A UHS-1 type micro-SD card is recommended, because the fast read and write capability of these cards
  enables you to store high-resolution video data.

  

  

                                                                                                           Camera

  

  

           Do not remove micro-SD card from the Inspire 1 when it is powered on.
  

  

  Camera Data Port

  Power on the Inspire 1 and then connect a USB cable to the Camera Data Port to download photos or
  videos from the camera to your computer.

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Power on the aircraft before attempting to download the files.

    2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.                            35
          

          
          Camera Operation

          Use the Shutter and Record button on the remote controller to shoot the images or the videos through the
          DJI Pilot app. For more information about how to use these buttons, refer to "Controlling Camera" P25.

          
          ND Filter

          

          Attach an ND filter to the front of the camera to reduce over-exposure and "jello" effect.

          

          Gimbal

          
          Gimbal Profile

Camera    The 3-axis Gimbal provides a steady platform for the attached camera, allowing you to capture stabilized
          images and video. The Gimbal can tilt the camera up to 120 degrees and rotate 360 degrees.

          

          
          
          
          
          
          
          

             +30

                                                              0

                                                                         +330
                                                         -90
          
                                                                   -330
          
          
          

          Use the gimbal dial on the remote controller to control pitch movement of the camera by default. Note that

          you cannot control the pan motion of the camera by default. Enable the "Master-and-Slave" mode and
          set the remote controller to "Slave" state if you wish to control both the pan and pitch movement of the

          camera.

          

                    Use the gimbal dial on the remote controller to control the pitch movement of the camera in the

                    single remote controller mode, however, you cannot control the pan movement of the camera.

          
          Pan Control

             Follow the instructions below to use the gimbal dial to control the pan movement of the gimbal:

             1. Power on the aircraft and remote control, launch DJI Pilot app and enter "Camera" page.
             2. Tap "RC Control Settings" icon and select either C1 or C2 customizable button as the gimbal pitch/

                yaw switching button.

             3. Select "Gimbal Pitch/Yaw" from the dropdown list.

            2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.                                                                  36
  

                                                                                                            INSPIRE 1 User Manual
  

  

                                                                           RC Control Setting

  

  

                                   Remote Control Calibration

                                   Stick Mode

                                         Default stick mode is Mode 2, changing stick modes alters the way the aircraft is controlled.
                                         Do not change unless familiar with your new mode.

  

    C1 Gimbal Pitch/Yaw              C2 Reset gimbal yaw

  

                                                                                              You can customize the C1 and C2 buttons on the back
                                                                                              of the remote controller.

  

                                                                      Linking Remote Controller

  
  

  Press C1 or C2 button to switch from pitch mode to yaw mode. You may use the gimbal dial to pan the                                                            Camera
  gimbal under yaw mode. Press C1 or C2 again to exit yaw mode.

  

  Using DJI Pilot App to Control Gimbal

  Follow the steps below to use DJI Pilot app to control the gimbal orientation:

  1. Launch DJI Pilot app, enter "Camera" page.
  2. Tap and press on the screen until a blue circle is shown.
  3. Slide to control the gimbal orientation within the "Camera" page as shown below.
  

  
  

     MODE P-GPS                 OFF   Safe to Fly (GPS)

              
                                                         ISO 100 1/320 EV 0                              4821                                      00:22:16

                                                                                                        JPEG                                      4K 30

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
                                       

                 D: 39M
          H: 2M
               H.S            1.2M
     V.S
                 24.2 M/S                                                                        0 200m
     8.3 M/S

    2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.                                                                                                                         37
          

          
          Gimbal Operation Modes

          Three Gimbal operation modes are available. Switch between the different operation modes on the
          Camera page of the DJI Pilot App. Note that your mobile device must be connected to the remote
          controller for changes to take effect. Refer to the table below for details:

          
          

Camera                   Pitch         Pan

                         Follow Mode   The angle between Gimbal's orientation and aircraft's nose remains

                                       constant at all times. One user alone can control the pitch motion of the
                                        Gimbal, but a second user is required to control the pan motion using a
                                       second remote controller.

                         FPV Mode The Gimbal will lock to the movements of the aircraft to provide a First-
                                             Person-View flying experience.
                       

                          Free Mode     The Gimbal's motion is independent of the aircraft's orientation. One user
                                        alone can control the pitch motion of the Gimbal, but a second user is
                                        required to control the pan motion using a second remote controller.

                          Re-alignment  Tap to force the Gimbal orientation to re-align with aircraft's orientation
                                        by panning from gimbal's current orientation. Pitch angle will remain
                                        unchanged during the re-alignment.

          

                          Gimbal motor error may occur in these situations: (1) Gimbal is placed on uneven ground. (2)
                          Gimbal has received an excessive external force, e.g. a collision. Please take off from flat, open
                          ground and protect the gimbal after powering up.

                          Flying in heavy fog or cloud may make the gimbal wet, leading to a temporary failure. The
                          gimbal will recover when it dries out.

            2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.  38
  

  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

                       DJI Pilot App

  

                                                This chapter describes the four main
                                                GUI of the DJI Pilot app.

    2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.  39
       

          DJI Pilot App

       

          The DJI Pilot app is a new mobile app designed specifically for the Inspire 1. Use this app to control the

          gimbal, camera and other features of your flight system. The app also comes with Map, Store a User Center,

          for configuring your aircraft and sharing your content with friends. It is recommended that you use a tablet

       for the best experience.
       

                                                                                                             
                                                                                   
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                   
DJI                                                                                
                               United States  View                                 
                                                                                   
                               Mountain                                            
                                                                                   
                             Shot with DJI INSPIRE 1    
                                                                                   
                         
                         
                         
                         
                                 CAMERA                                        ACADEMY                 USER CENTER
                                                                          MAP

       

       Camera

       
       The Camera page contains a live HD video feed from the Inspire 1's camera. You can also configure
       various camera parameters from the Camera page.

       

                                   [1]                [2] [3]                         [4] [5] [6] [7]        [8]

                              P-MODE                                         Safe to Fly (GPS)                              [9]
                 [18]          GPS                                    CL

                                                                              ISO 100 1/320 EV 0      4821         00:22:16

                                                                                                   JPEG         4K 30

                 [17]                                                                                                 
                                                                                                                                [10]
       
                 [16]

       

                 [15]            H: 2M                  D: 39M                         [12]                          

                                      V.S            H.S           1.2M                                                     0 200m
                 [14]                8.3 M/S
                                                      24.2 M/S   
                                                                                                                                        40
                                                                                                       2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.
       
       

       

                 [13]

       
  

   [11]

  

          2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.  41
   INSPIRE 1 User Manual                                                                                        DJI
  

  [1] Flight Mode

           : The text next to this icon indicates the current flight mode.

       Tap to enter MC (Main Controller) settings. Modify flight limits, perform compass calibration, and set
       the gain values on this screen.

  

  [2] GPS Signal Strength

             : This icon shows the current strength of GPS signals. Green bars indicates adequate GPS
       strength.

  

  [3] IOC Settings

               : This icon shows which IOC setting that the aircraft has entered when in F Mode.
       Tap to enter IOC setting menu and select Course Lock, Home Lock or Point of Interest Lock.

  

  [4] System Status

                       : This icon shows current aircraft system status, such as GPS signal health.

  
  [5] Battery Level Indicator
                   : The battery level indicator dynamically displays the battery level. The color zones on the
       battery level indicator represent different battery levels.

  

  [6] Remote Controller Signal
               : This icon shows the strength of remote controller signal.

  
  [7] HD Video Link Signal Strength
                : This icon shows the HD video downlink signal strength between the aircraft and the remote
       controller.

  
  [8] Battery Level

                    : This icon shows the current Intelligent Flight Battery level.

  
       Tap to enter battery information menu, set the various battery warning thresholds and view the battery
       warning history in this page.

  

  [9] General Settings

  

           : Tap this icon to enter General Settings page. Select parameter units, reset the camera, enable
       the quick view feature, adjust the gimbal roll value and toggle flight route display on this page.

  

  [10] Camera Operation Bar

         Exposure Lock
                : Tap to enable or disable the camera exposure lock.

  
         Function

             : Tap to adjust camera settings, such as video format and digital filters.

  
         Shutter
             : Tap this button to take a single photo.

    2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.  42
       

       INSPIRE 1 User Manual                                                                                                     INSPIRE 1 User Manual

       

       

             Record

                  : Tap once to start recording video, then tap again to stop recording. You can also press the

             Video Recording Button on the remote controller, which has the same function.

       

             Playback

                   : Tap to enter playback page. You can preview photos and videos as soon as they are captured.

       

             Camera Settings and Shooting Mode

DJI                : Tap to enter the Camera Settings page and switch from camera shooting mode from manual to

             auto.

       
       [11] Map

       

             Display the flight path of the current mission. Tap to switch from the Camera GUI to the Map GUI.

       
       
       
       
       

       

                                                                                                 0 200m

       

       

       [12] Vision Positioning
       

                  : This icon shows the distance between the surface and the Vision Positioning System's sensors.

       
       [13] Flight Telemetry
       

       

                              H: 2M                                                                               D: 39M

                
                                                                                                         V.S      H.S      1.2M

                                                                                                        8.3 M/S  24.2M/S

          

             Vision Positioning Status

             Icon is highlighted when Vision Positioning is in operation.

       

             Flight attitude is indicated by the flight attitude icon.
             (1) The red arrow shows which direction the aircraft is facing.

             (2) Light blue and dark blue areas indicate pitch.

             (3) Pitching of the boundary between light blue and dark blue area shows roll angle.

       

       [14] Home Point Settings

                     : Tap this button to reset the current home point. You may choose to set the aircraft take-off
                location, the remote controller's current position, or the aircraft's current position as the Home Point.

          

          [15] Return to Home (RTH)

                      : Initiate RTH home procedure. Tap to have the aircraft return to the latest home point.

         2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.                                                                                        43
                                                                    INSPIRE 1 User Manual
  

  [16] Gimbal Operation Mode

  

         Refer to "Gimbal Operation Mode" P38 for more information.

  
  [17] Auto Takeoff/Landing

             / : Tap to initiate auto takeoff or landing.

  
  [18] Back

              : Tap to return to the main GUI.                                                               DJI

    
  Map

  
  User can view the current flight route in a larger map view in this page. You can also perform Auto take-

  off and Landing in the page. Ensure your mobile device has access to the Internet. Due to the map data

  required, Wi-Fi connection is recommended. Internet access is required to cache the map, if Wi-Fi is

  unavailable, mobile data service is required.

  

  Academy

  
  Download user manual, view online videos. Also you can use the flight simulator to practice your flight
  skills.

  

  User Center

  
  You can sync the picture and videos to the mobile device, view the flight records and check your DJI
  account status in the User Center. Use the DJI registered account to login to the User Center.

    2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.                                 43
                                          INSPIRE 1 User Manual

  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Flight

  

 This chapter describes the flight safety
 and flight restrictions.

    2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.       44
  

 Flight                                                                                                               Flight

  

  Once pre-flight preparation is complete, it is recommended to use the flight simulator to learn how to fly
  safely. Ensure that all flights are carried out in a suitable location.

  
  Flight Environment Requirements

  
  1. Do not use the aircraft in severe weather conditions. These include wind speed exceeding 10m/s ,
      snow, rain and smog.

  2. Only fly in open areas. Tall buildings and steel structures may affect the accuracy of the on-board
      compass and GPS signal.

  3. Avoid from obstacles, crowds, high voltage power lines, trees or bodies of water.
  4. Minimize electromagnetic interference by not flying in area with high levels of electromagnetism,

      including mobile phone base stations or radio transmission towers.
  5. Aircraft and battery performance is subject to environment factor such as air density and temperature.

      Be very careful when flying 14700 feet (4500 meters) or more above sea level as battery and aircraft
      performance may be reduced.
  6. The Inspire 1 cannot operate within the polar areas in "P" mode.

    
  Flight Limits and Flight Restriction Area

  
  Flight limits on height and distance can be set. The details of these flight limits are described in the following
  section.
  All unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) operators should abide by all regulations from such organizations as
  the ICAO (International Civil Aviation Organization), FAA and their own national airspace regulations. For
  safety reasons, the flight limits function is enabled by default to help users use this product safely and
  legally. The flight limits function includes height limits, distance limits and No Fly Zones.
  When operating in P Mode, height, distance limits and No Fly Zones work together to manage flight. In A
  mode only height limits work and flights cannot go higher than 120 meters.

  
  Max Height & Radius Limits

  Max Height & Radius limit flying height and distance, and the user may change these settings in the
  DJI Pilot App. Once complete, your Inspire 1 will fly in a restricted cylinder that is determined by these
  settings. The tables below show the details of these limits.

  
  
  
  
  
  

     Max Height  Max Radius

                 Home Point

                 Height of aircraft
                 when powered on

    2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.  45
           INSPIRE 1 User Manual

          

            GPS Signal Strong           Blinking Green
          
                                    Flight Limits                      DJI Pilot App                    Aircraft Status Indicator
                                     
            Max Height              Flight altitude must be under      Warning: Height                  None.

                                    the set height.                    limit reached.

                                                                                                    Rapid red flashing
                                                                                                            when close to the
                                   Flight distance must be within     Warning: Distance
                                    the max radius.                    limit reached.                   max radius limit.
            Max Radius

          
          

            GPS Signal Weak            Blinking Yellow

                       Flight Limits                   DJI Pilot App                      Aircraft Status Indicator
                                                           
             Max Height  Flight height restricted to         Warning: Height limit        
                         120m and under.                     reached.                       None.

Flight                  No limits

            Max Radius
          

          

                     If you fly out of the limit, you can still control the Inspire 1, but cannot fly it further.

                     If the Inspire 1 flies out of the max radius in Ready to Fly (non-GPS) mode, it will fly back within
                     range automatically.

          
          No-Fly Zones

          

          All No-Fly Zones are listed on the DJI official website at http://flysafe.dji.com/no-fly. No-Fly Zones are
          divided into Airports and Restricted Areas. Airports include major airports and flying fields where manned
          aircraft operate at low altitudes. Restricted Areas include borders between countries or sensitive sites.

          The details of the No-Fly Zones are explained below:

          

          Airport:

          

          (1) Airport No-Fly Zones are comprised of Takeoff Restricted Zones and Restricted-Altitude Zones. Each
               zone features circles of various size.

          (2) R1 depends on the size and shape of the airport, and is an area around the airport that is a Takeoff

               Restricted Zone, inside of which take-off and flight is prevented.

          (3) From R1 to R1+1 mile around the airport, the flight altitude is limited on a 15 degree incline, starting at
               65 feet (20 meters) from the edge of airport and radiating outward. The flight altitude is limited to 1640
               feet (500 meters) at R1+1 mile.

          (4) When the aircraft is within 320 feet (100 meters) of the No-Fly Zones, a warning message will appear
               in the DJI Pilot app.

            2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.                                                                                   46
   INSPIRE 1 User Manual
  

                                                                Airports
  
                                              
  
                                              
                                               
  
                                                    66 feet
       1640
        feet                                 1 mile          R1
                                                         R2
  

                                   320 feet

  

  Restricted Areas:                                                                                          Flight

  

  (1) Restricted Areas do not have a flight altitude restriction.
  (2) R around the designated Restricted Area is a Take-off Restricted area. Aircraft cannot takeoff within

       this zone. The value of R varies depending on the definition of the Restricted Area.
  (3) A "warning zone" has been set around each Restricted Area. When the aircraft is within 0.6 miles (1

       km) of this zone, a warning message will appear in the DJI Pilot app.

  

  
  

                                                              Restricted Areas

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  

                                             100m            R

    2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.                                       47
           INSPIRE 1 User Manual

          

        GPS Signal Strong                 Blinking Green

                                                                                               Aircraft
                             Restriction                       DJI Pilot App Prompt                Status
                Zone                                                                               Indicator

Flight                                                       Warning: You are in a No-fly          
                            Motors will not start.            zone. Take off prohibited.            
                                                                                                     
                            If the aircraft enters the                                             
            No-fly Zone      restricted area in A mode but                                           
                             P mode activates the aircraft     Warning: You are in a No-fly          
                            will automatically descend to     zone, automatic landing has           
                            land then stop its motors after   begun. (If you are within 1.5 mile    
                            landing.                          radius)                               
                                                                                                     
             Restricted-                                      Warning: You are in a restricted
           altitude flight                                     zone. Descending to safe              
                                                              altitude. (If you are between the    Red flashing
                zone                                           range of 1.5 mile and 5 mile
                             If the aircraft enters the        radius)
                             restricted area in A mode but P   Warning: You are in a restricted
                             mode activates, it will descend   zone. Max flight height restricted
                             to a safe altitude and hover 15   to between 10.5m and 120m. Fly
                             feet below the safe altitude.

                                                              Cautiously.

        Warning zone             

                             No flight restriction applies, but Warning: You are approaching a

                            there will be warning message. restricted zone, Fly Cautiously.

        Free zone                                                                                  

                             No restrictions.                  None.                                None.

          

          

                    Semi-automatic descent: All stick commands are available except the throttle stick command
                    during the descent and landing process. Motors will stop automatically after landing.
          

                      When flying in the safety zone, aircraft status indicator will blink red quickly and continue for 3
                      seconds, then switch to indicate current flying status and continue for 5 seconds at which point
                      it will switch back to red blinking.

                      For safety reasons, please do not fly close to airports, highways, railway stations, railway lines,
                      city centers and other special areas. Try to ensure the aircraft is visible.

            2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.                                                                  48
   INSPIRE 1 User Manual                                                                                     Flight

  

  Preflight Checklist

  
  1. Remote controller, aircraft battery, and mobile device are fully charged.
  2. Propellers are mounted correctly and firmly.
  3. Micro-SD card has been inserted if necessary.
  4. Gimbal is functioning as normal.
  5. Motors can start and are functioning as normal.
  6. DJI Pilot app connected to the aircraft.

  

  
  Calibrating the Compass

  
  IMPORTANT: Make sure to calibrate the compass in every new flight location. The compass is very
  sensitive to electromagnetic interference, which can cause abnormal compass data leading to poor flight
  performance or even failure. Regular calibration is required for optimum performance.

  

             DO NOT calibrate your compass where there is a chance of strong magnetic interference, such
              as magnetite, parking structures, and steel reinforcements underground.
              DO NOT carry ferromagnetic materials with you during calibration such as keys or cellular
              phones.
              DO NOT calibrate beside massive metal objects.

  

  

  Calibration Procedures

  Choose an open space to carry out the following procedures.
  1. Ensure the compass is calibrated. If you did not calibrate the compass in the Checklist, or if you

      have changed your position since last calibrating it, tap "MODE" in the app and select "Compass
      Calibration" to calibrate the compass. Then follow the on-screen instructions.
  2. Hold and rotate the aircraft horizontally 360 degrees, and the Aircraft Status Indicator will display a
      solid green light.

    2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.  49
Flight     INSPIRE 1 User Manual

          

          3. Hold the aircraft vertically with nose pointing downward, and rotate it 360 degrees around the center
              axis. Recalibrate the compass if the Aircraft Status Indicator show solid red.

          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          

          

                    If the Aircraft Status Indicator blinks red and yellow after the calibration, move your aircraft to a
                    different location to carry out compass calibration.
          
                    Calibrate the compass before each flight. Launch DJI Pilot App, follow the on-screen instruction
                    to calibrate the compass.

          
          When to Recalibrate

          

          1. When compass data is abnormal, and the Aircraft Status Indicator is blinking red and yellow.

          2. When flying in a new location, or a location that is different from your last flight.

          3. When the mechanical structure of the Inspire 1 has changed, i.e. changed mounting position of the
              compass.

          4. When severe drifting occurs in flight, i.e. the Inspire 1 does not fly in straight lines.

          

          Auto Take-off and Auto Landing

          
          Auto Take-off
          Use auto take-off to take off your aircraft automatically if the Aircraft Status Indicator displays blinking
          green. Follow the steps below to use auto take-off:

          1. Launch DJI Pilot app, enter "Camera" page.
          2. Ensure the aircraft is in "P" mode.

          3. Go through the pre-flight checklist.
          4. Tap" ", and confirm flight condition. Slide to confirm and take-off.
          5. Aircraft takes off and hovers at 1.5 meters above ground.

            2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.  50
   INSPIRE 1 User Manual                                                                                         Flight
  

  Auto-Landing
  Use auto-landing to land your aircraft automatically if the Aircraft Status Indicator displays blinking green.
  Follow the steps below to use auto-landing:
  1. Ensure the aircraft is in "P" mode.
  2. Check the landing area condition before tapping " ", to perform landing.
  3. Aircraft lowers the landing gear and proceed to land automatically.

  

            Landing gear will automatically raise when the aircraft reaches an altitude of 1.2m for the first
            time, and automatically lower every time it descends to 0.8m. Users can turn this feature ON/OFF
            in the Pilot app.
  

  
  Starting/Stopping the Motors

  

  Starting Motors

  The Combination Stick Command (CSC) listed below are used to start the motors instead of simply push-
  ing the stick up. Ensure that you perform the CSC in one motion.

  
  

                                                                       OR
  

  
  

  Stopping Motors

  There are two methods to stop the motors.
  Method 1: When the Inspire 1 has landed, push the throttle down , then conduct CSC . Motors will stop
  immediately. Release both sticks once motors stop.

  Method 2: When the aircraft has landed, push the throttle down and hold. The motors will stop after 3
  seconds.

  

                                                                              OR

  
  
  
  

            Do not perform CSC when aircraft is in midair, otherwise the motors will be stopped.
  

  

  Flight Test

  

  Take off/Landing Procedures

  

  1. Place the aircraft on open, flat ground with battery indicators facing towards you.
  2. Power on the remote controller and your mobile device, then the Intelligent Flight Battery.
  3. Launch the DJI Pilot App and enter the Camera page.
  4. Wait until the Aircraft Indicator blinks green. This means the Home Point is recorded and it is safe to fly

      now. If it flashes yellow, it means Home Point is not recorded, and you should not take off.
  5. Push the throttle up slowly to take off or using Auto Take-off to take off.

    2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.  51
Flight     INSPIRE 1 User Manual
          

          6. Shoot photos and videos using the DJI Pilot app.
          7. To land, hover over a level surface and gently pull down on the throttle slowly to descend.
          8. After landing, execute the CSC command or hold the throttle at its lowest position for 3 seconds or

              more until the motors stop.
          9. Turn off the Intelligent Flight Battery first, followed by the Remote Controller.

          

                      When the Aircraft Status Indicator blinks yellow rapidly during flight, the aircraft has entered Failsafe
                      mode.
                      A low battery level warning is indicated by the Aircraft Status Indicator blinking red slowly or

                      rapidly during flight.
                      Watch video tutorials about flight for more flight information.
          

          

          Video Suggestions and Tips

          

          1. Work through the checklist before each flight.
          2. Select desired gimbal working mode in the DJI Pilot app.
          3. Aim to shoot when flying in P mode only.
          4. Always fly in good weather, such as sunny or windless days.
          5. Change camera settings to suit you. These include photo format and exposure compensation.
          6. Perform flight tests to establish flight routes and scenes.
          7. Push the sticks gently to make aircraft movements stable and smooth

            2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.  52
  

                                                                                                           INSPIRE 1 User Manual

    2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.  53
  

 Appendix                       T600
                               2935 g
                                Vertical: 0.5 m
  Specifications                Horizontal: 2.5 m
                                Pitch: 300/s
                               Yaw: 150/s
                                35
                               5 m/s
                                4 m/s
   Aircraft
                               22 m/s (ATTI mode, no wind)
                                4500 m
   Model                        10 m/s

   Weight (Battery Included)    Approximately 18 minutes
                                DJI 3510
   Hovering Accuracy (P Mode)   DJI 1345
                               Enabled by default
                                -10 to 40 C
  
                                559 to 581 mm
   Max Angular Velocity         438x451x301 mm

   Max Tilt Angle                  ZENMUSE X3

                                  Static: 9 W; In Motion: 11 W

   Max Ascent Speed                Station: 750 mA; Motion: 900 mA

                                  0.03

   Max Descent Speed               Detachable

                                  Pitch: -90 to +30
                                   Pan: 320
   Max Speed
                                  
  
                                   Pitch: -125 to +45
   Max Flight Altitude             Pan: 330

                                 

   Max Wind Speed Resistance       Pitch: 120/s
                                   Pan: 180/s
  
                                                                     2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.  57
   Max Flight Time

  

   Motor Model

  

   Propeller Model

  

   Indoor Hovering

  

   Operating Temperature Range

  

   Diagonal Distance

  

   Dimensions

  

   Gimbal
  

   Model

  

   Output Power (With Camera)

  

   Operating Current

  

   Angular Vibration Range

  

   Mounting

  

   Controllable Range
  

  

   Mechanical Range
  

  

   Max Controllable Speed

  
                                                                      INSPIRE 1 User Manual
  
                                  X3
    Camera
                                 FC350

    Name                          12.76M

                                 12.4M

    Model                         4000x3000

                                 100-3200 (video) 100-1600 (photo)

    Total Pixels                  8 s to 1/8000 s

                                 94

    Effective Pixels              Sony EXMOR 1/2.3"

                                 20mm (35mm format equivalent) f/2.8 focus at  )
                                  9 Elements in 9 groups
    Image Max Size                Anti-distortion

                                     Single shoot

    ISO Range                         Burst shooting: 3/5/7 frames

                                     Auto Exposure Bracketing (AEB): 3/5 bracketed frames at
                                      0.7EV Bias
    Electronic Shutter Speed          Time-lapse
                                    
                                     UHD (4K): 4096x2160p24/25, 3840x2160p24/25/30
                                      FHD: 1920x1080p24/25/30/48/50/60
    FOV (Field Of View)               HD: 1280x720p24/25/30/48/50/60
  
                                      60 Mbps
    CMOS
                                      FAT32/exFAT
                                     Photo: JPEG, DNG
                                      Video: MP4/MOV (MPEG-4 AVC/H.264)
    Lens
                                    
  
                                     Micro SD
  
                                     Max capacity: 64 GB. Class 10 or UHS-1 rating required.

    Still Photography Modes           0 to 40 C

                                 C1
  
                                     922.7MHz~927.7 MHz (Japan Only)
  
                                    
    Video Recording Modes
                                      5.725~5.825 GHz;2.400~2.483 GHz
  
                                  2 km (Outdoor And Unobstructed)
    Max Bitrate Of Video Storage
                                  10dBm@900m, 13dBm@5.8G, 20dBm@2.4G
    Supported File Formats
                                  USB, Mini-HDMI
  
                                  Built-in battery
  
    Supported SD Card Types       DJI charger

                                                     2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.          58

    Operating Temperature Range

    Remote Controller

    Name
  

    Operating Frequency

  

    Transmitting Distance

  

    EIRP
  

    Video Output Port

  

    Power Supply

  

    Charging

  
                                                     INSPIRE 1 User Manual

                         Host-and-Slave connection

  

    Dual User Capability

  

                                                      2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.  59
                                                                                     INSPIRE 1 User Manual
  
                                     Tablet or Smart Phone
    Mobile Device Holder             9W
                                     -10 to 40 C
                                    Less than 3 months: -20 to 45 C

    Output Power                   

                                    More than 3 months: 22 to 28 C
                                     0-40 C
    Operating Temperature Range      6000 mAh LiPo 2S

                                A14-100P1A
                                 26.3 V
    Storage Temperature Range    100 W

                                    Intelligent Flight Battery
                                     TB47
    Charging Temperature Range       4500 mAh
                                     22.2 V
                                    LiPo 6S High voltage battery
                                     99.9 Wh
    Battery                          570 g
                                     -10 to 40 C
                                    Less than 3 months: -20 to 45 C

    Charger                        
  
                                     More than 3 months: 22 C to 28 C
    Model                            0 to 40 C
                                     180 W
  
                                     Intelligent Flight Battery                                                             60
    Voltage                          TB48
                                     5700 mAh
                                    22.8 V
                                     LiPo 6S
    Rated Power                      129.96 Wh
                                     670 g
                                    -10 to 40 C
                                     Less than 3 months: -20 to 45 C
    Battery (Standard)
                                  

    Name                             More than 3 months: 22 to 28 C
                                                                                           2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.
  

    Model

  

    Capacity

  

    Voltage

  

    Battery Type

  

    Energy

  

    Net Weight

  

    Operating Temperature Range

  

    Storage Temperature Range

  

    Charging Temperature Range

  

    Max Charging Power

  

    Battery (Optional)
  

    Name

  

    Model

  

    Capacity

  

    Voltage

  

    Battery Type

  

    Energy

  

    Net Weight

  

    Operating Temperature Range

  

    Storage Temperature Range

  
                                             INSPIRE 1 User Manual

                               0 to 40 C

  

    Charging Temperature Range

  

                                              2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.  61
                                                                                      INSPIRE 1 User Manual
  
                                       180 W
    Max Charging Power
                                       Below 8 m/s (2 m above ground)
                                      5-500 cm
                                       Brightly lit (lux > 15) patterned surfaces
    Vision Positioning                 0-250 cm
  
                                       iOS version 7.1 or later; Android version 4.1.2 or later
    Velocity Range

  

    Altitude Range

  

    Operating Environment

  

    Operating Range

  

    DJI Pilot App
  

    Mobile Device System Requirements

    Supported Mobile Devices           * iPhone 6 Plus, iPhone 6, iPhone 5S, iPad Air 2, iPad Mini
                                       3, iPad Air, iPad Mini 2, iPad 4;* Samsung Note 3, Samsung
                                      S5, Sony Z3 EXPERIA;* Note: It is recommended that you
                                       use a tablet for the best experience

  Intelligent Orientation Control (IOC)

  
  IOC allows users to lock the orientation of aircraft in different fashions. There are three working modes for

     IOC and you may select the desired IOC modes from the DJI Pilot app. IOC only works under F mode,

     and user must toggle the flight mode switch to "F" mode to activate IOC. Refer to the table below:

                     Its forward direction is pointing to the nose direction when recording, which is
                     fixed until you re-record it or exit from CL.

   Course Lock (CL)

     Home Lock (HL)*  Record a Home Point (HP), and push Pitch stick to control the aircraft far from
                      or near to the HP.

                                     Point of Interest. Record a point of interest (POI), the aircraft can circle around
     Point of Interest (POI)* the POI, and the nose always points to the POI.

  

            *Home Lock and Point of Interest feature are coming soon.

  
  Prerequisites of IOC

  Use the IOC feature under the following condition:

  

     Modes IOC        GPS enabled      GPS                             Flight Distance Limits

     Course Lock      No               None                            None

     Home Lock        Yes                              Aircraft 10m Home Point
                      Yes                            Aircraft 5m~500m Point of Interest
          POI
  

  Using IOC

  

  Enable the IOC feature by tapping "Enable IOC" in the setting page of the DJI Pilot app. Toggle the Flight

     Mode Switch to "F" mode and follow the on-screen instruction to use IOC feature.

    2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.                                                                     62
   INSPIRE 1 User Manual
  

  How to Update Firmware

  
  Follow the process described below to upgrade the aircraft, remote controller and battery.

  
  Updating the Aircraft Firmware

Step 1- Check Battery and SD Card Capacity

  Ensure the Intelligent Flight Battery has at least 50% power and there is at least 100MB of free space on

  the SD card.

  

  Step 2- Prepare the Firmware Update Package

  1. Download the firmware update package from the official DJI website (http://www.dji.com/product/
      inspire-1).

  2. Insert the SD into your PC. Extract the all downloaded files into the root directory of the SD card.
      Remove the SD card from your PC. Ensure the Inspire 1 is powered off then insert the SD card into the
      SD card slot on the Inspire 1 camera.

  

  Step 3- Update the Aircraft

1. Ensure the remote controller is powered off and then power on the aircraft. Upgrade will begin
   automatically after aircraft is powered on.

  2. It will take approximately 25 minutes to complete the firmware update. The camera will sound a short
      pulse of "D-D-D-D" beeping sound to indicate the upgrade is in progress and sound a "D---DD"
      beeping sound to indicate the update is complete with success.

  3. Check the upgrade status by opening the ".txt" file that is automatically generated after the update.

      The update is successful if the text "result: successful" is in the document. Try upgrading the firmware
      again if the text "result: failed" is found or the gimbal sound a long beep sound.

    

  Updating the Remote Controller Firmware

  Step 1- Check Battery and SD Card Capacity

  

  Remote controller firmware is included in the aircraft firmware update package. Use the same update

  package file that is downloaded from the DJI official website. Ensure the remote controller battery level is

  above 50%.

  

  Step 2- Prepare the Firmware Update Package

  

  1. Extract all downloaded files into the root directory of an SD card or USB thumb drive.
  2. Insert the SD card into a SD card reader or the USB disk onto the remote controller USB port when

      remote controller powered off. If you do not have a SD card reader, you may insert the SD card into

      the gimbal and connect the gimbal with remote controller to upgrade the remote controller.

  
  Step 3- Update the Remote Controller

1. Power on the remote controller and wait 60 seconds until the upgrade begins. Do not power off the
   remote controller during the update.

2. It will take approximately 10 minutes to complete the firmware update. The camera will sound a
   beeping sound and the Status LED on the remote controller shows solid blue to indicate the update is
   in progress. The Status LED on remote controller shows solid green and beeping sound will stop if the
   upgrade is completed with success. The Status LED on remote controller shows solid red if upgrade is
   failed. Try upgrade again.

    2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.                                                          63
   INSPIRE 1 User Manual
  

  Updating Intelligent Flight Battery Firmware

  

  The Intelligent Flight Battery is upgraded during the aircraft firmware upgrade process. It is recommended
  to keep the upgrade package files in your SD card. The upgrade will start automatically after power
  cycling the aircraft.

  

              Do not perform firmware update while the aircraft is still flying in the air. Only carry out firmware
              update when the aircraft is landed.
              Be sure to update the remote controller's firmware to the latest version after you upgrade the aircraft's

              firmware.
              The remote controller may become unlinked from the aircraft after updating. Re-link the remote
              controller and aircraft.

              Confirm the update results according to the gimbal sounds. It is normal for the aircraft to sound or the
              LED to blink during the update process.

              Ensure there is only one firmware package file stored on your SD card.

              Only storage devices that are formatted for FAT32 and exFAT file systems are supported for aircraft
              and remote controller firmware updates.

              Delete any automatically generated txt files (xxx_GS.TXT) in the SD card when updating multiple
              remote controllers.

  

  FCC Compliance

  

  FCC Compliance

  

  This device complies with part 15 of the FCC Rules. Operation is subject to the following two conditions:

  (1) This device may not cause harmful interference, and
  (2) This device must accept any interference received, including interference that may cause undesired

       operation.
  Changes or modifications not expressly roved by the party responsible for compliance could void the

  user's authority to operate the equipment.

  

  Compliance Information

  

  FCC Warning Message

  

  Any Changes or modifications not expressly roved by the party responsible for compliance could void the

  user's authority to operate the equipment.

  This device complies with part 15 of the FCC Rules. Operation is subject to the following two conditions:
  (1) This device may not cause harmful interference, and (2) this device must accept any interference
  received, including interference that may cause undesired operation.

  
  FCC Radiation Exposure Statement:

  This equipment complies with FCC radiation exposure limits set forth for an uncontrolled environment.

  This equipment should be installed and operated with minimum distance 20cm between the radiator&
  your body. This transmitter must not be co-located or operating in conjunction with any other antenna or
  transmitter.

  
  Note: This equipment has been tested and found to comply with the limits for a Class B digital device,
  pursuant to part 15 of the FCC Rules. These limits are designed to provide reasonable protection against

  harmful interference in a residential installation. This equipment generates uses and can radiate radio

    2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.  64
   INSPIRE 1 User Manual
  

  frequency energy and, if not installed and used in accordance with the instructions, may cause harmful
  interference to radio communications. However, there is no guarantee that interference will not occur in
  a particular installation. If this equipment does cause harmful interference to radio or television reception,
  which can be determined by turning the equipment off and on, the user is encouraged to try to correct
  the interference by one or more of the following measures:
  --Reorient or relocate the receiving antenna.
  --Increase the separation between the equipment and receiver.
  --Connect the equipment into an outlet on a circuit different from that to which the receiver is connected.
  --Consult the dealer or an experienced radio/TV technician for help.

  
  IC RSS warning

  

  This device complies with Industry Canada licence-exempt RSS standard (s). Operation is subject to the
  following two conditions: (1) this device may not cause interference, and (2) this device must accept any
  interference,including interference that may cause undesired operation of the device.
  Le prsent areil est conforme aux CNR d'Industrie Canada licables aux areils radio exempts de licence.

  
  L'exploitation est autorise aux deux conditions suivantes:
  (1) l'areil ne doit pas produire de brouillage, et
  (2) l'utilisateur de l'areil doit accepter tout brouillage radiolectrique subi, mme si le brouillage est
  susceptible d'en compromettre le fonctionnement.

  
  IC Radiation Exposure Statement:

  

  This equipment complies with IC RF radiation exposure limits set forth for an uncontrolled environment.
  This transmitter must not be co-located or operating in conjunction with any other antenna or transmitter.
  This equipment should be installed and operated with minimum distance 20cm between the radiator&
  your body.
  Any Changes or modifications not expressly roved by the party responsible for compliance could void the
  user's authority to operate the equipment.

  
  KCC Warning Message

  "            ."
  "      "

  
  NCC Warning Message

    2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.  65
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  

  The content is subject to change. Download the latest version from

     www.dji.com/support

                                     
   2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  

                                                                      
  
     

  
  
  
  

Inspire 1-Flight Limits and Flight
Restriction Area

Flight Limits and Flight Restriction Area

Flight limits on height and distance can be set. The details of these flight limits
are described in the following section. All unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV)
operators should abide by all regulations from such organizations as the ICAO
(International Civil Aviation Organization), FAA and their own national airspace
regulations. For safety reasons, the flight limits function is enabled by default to
help users use this product safely and legally. The flight limits function includes
height limits, distance limits and No Fly Zones. When operating in P Mode,
height, distance limits and No Fly Zones work together to manage flight. In A
mode only height limits work and flights cannot go higher than 120 meters.
Max Height & Radius Limits
Max Height & Radius limit flying height and distance, and the user may change
these settings in the DJI Pilot App. Once complete, your Inspire 1 will fly in a
restricted cylinder that is determined by these settings. The tables below show
the details of these limits.

  
  
  
  

Note:
 If you fly out of the limit, you can still control the Inspire 1, but cannot fly it

        further.
 If the Inspire 1 flies out of the max radius in Ready to Fly (non-GPS) mode, it

        will fly back within range automatically.
Flight Restriction of Restricted Areas
Restricted areas include airports worldwide. All restricted areas are listed on the
DJI official website at http://www.dji.com/fly-safe/category-mc. Restricted areas
are divided into category A and category B. Category A areas cover major
international airport such as LAX and Heathrow, while category B areas includes
smaller airports.
Category A Safety Zone
(1) The category A "safety zone" is comprised of a small "no-fly zone" and a
range of "restricted-altitude zones". Flight is prevented in the "no-fly zone" but
can continue with height restrictions in the restricted-altitude zone. (2) 1.5 miles
(2.4 km) around a designated safety zone is a no-fly zone, inside which takeoff is
prevented.
(3) 1.5 miles (2.4 km) to 5 miles (8 km) around restricted areas are altitude
restricted, with maximum altitude going from 35 feet (10.5 m) at 1.5 miles (2.4
km) to 400 feet (120 m) at 5 miles (8 km).
(4) A "warning zone" has been set around the safety zone. When you fly within
320 feet (100m) of the safety zone, a warning message will appear on the DJI
Pilot App.

  
  
  
  

Category B Safety Zone
(1) Category B "safety zone" is comprised of a "no-fly zone" and a "warning
zone".
(2) 0.6 miles (1 km) around the safety zone is a designated "no-fly zone".
(3) A "warning zone" has been set around the safety zone. When you fly within
0.6 miles (1Km) of this zone, a warning will appear on the DJI Pilot App.

  
  
  
  

Reference:
Semi-automatic descent: All stick commands are available except the throttle
stick command during the descent and landing process. Motors will stop
automatically after landing.
Note:
 When flying in the safety zone, aircraft status indicator will blink red quickly and

        continue for 3 seconds, then switch to indicate current flying status and
        continue for 5 seconds at which point it will switch back to red blinking.
For safety reasons, please do not fly close to airports, highways, railway stations,
railway lines, city centers and other special areas. Try to ensure the aircraft is
visible.  

  
  
