August 25, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12590
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA-2015-2363

Mr. Jack Thorpe
NC CERT, INC
400 Evans Lane
Wendell, NC 27591

Dear Mr. Thorpe:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated May 5, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of NC CERT, INC (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption. The petitioner
requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct aerial search and rescue
operations.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner are the VK UAS Multirotor (VTOL), VikingUAS Viking
ONE, VikingUAS VK Patriot X4, VikingUAS VK Patriot X8, VikingUAS VK X6 Model
800, and VK - Ranger EX.
                                                                                                                 2

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

· They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

· The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

· A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, NC CERT, INC is granted an exemption from 14 CFR
§§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121,
91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to the

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                                                 3

extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, NC CERT, INC is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the VK UAS
         Multirotor (VTOL), VikingUAS Viking ONE, VikingUAS VK Patriot X4,
         VikingUAS VK Patriot X8, VikingUAS VK X6 Model 800, and VK - Ranger EX
         when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any
         other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
         must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
                                                                                                            4

    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
                                                                                                            5

    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
                                                                                       6

exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial

    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
                                                                                               7

reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
    as documented in this grant of exemption.

30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
    exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
    District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
    notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
    must include at least the following:
      a. Dates and times for all flights;
      b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
          under this grant of exemption;
      c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
          the UAS;
      d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
      e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
      f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
          and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
          who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
      g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
      h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
          town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
          essential to accomplish the operation.

31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
    consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
    exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                      8

This exemption terminates on August 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
Jack Thorpe
T: +1 919 538 4140

Jlhprpe S41nccer\,.Q[g

May 5, 2015

U.S. Department of Transportation
Docket Management System
1200 New Jersey Ave.. SE
Washington, DC 20590

                    Re: Ii~~mQ1iQJJ.RGqil.\;S.LS~\:;JjpoJ.jJgLtb.QJ~i1ARGfQrm.AgLiJJJQ J?.i.JcnJ_LQfJ:h.~

                                   Federal Aviation Re!.!ulations from 14 C.P.R. 45.23(h): 14 CPR Part 21; 14
                               ~fR_9),lJJ..(<.!2.&..Chl: 9L7L&tl; . 2L2Jl!)t~_t2JJ.\2.J.Cb)_;_9JJQ2;_2LU2;
                                  91.121; 9l.l51 (a); 91.203( a) & (b): 9J.407(al ( J l: 91.409 (a) ( 2): 91.417

                            (!J.t&..Lh)

Dear Sir or Madam:

          Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (the Reform Act)
and I4 C.F.R. Part 11, NC CER'r. INC, operator of small Viking Unmanned Aerial Systems Inc
Unmanned Aircraft Systems CsU/\.5'') equipped to conduct aerial Serm;h and Rescue Operations in
the US get higher success rates on (SAR) on operations and to help prevent contamination of lands if
there was a manned aircraft accident. hereby applies for an exemption from the listed Federal
Aviation Regulations (''FARs'·) to a!Io"v commercial operation fits sUASs. so long as such
operations are conducted within and under the conditions outlined herein or as may be established by
the FAA as required by Section 33.3.

           As described more fully below, the requested exemption would pcnnit the operation of small
Unmanned and relatively inexpensive sUAS under controlled conditions in airspace that is l) limited
2) predetermined 3) controlled as to access and 4) would provide safety enhancements to the already
safe operations in the SAR presently using conventional aircraft. Approval of this exemption would
thereby enhance safety and fuUi!I the Secretary of Transportation's (the FAA Administrator's)
responsibilities to " ... establish requirements for the safe operation of such aircraft systems in the
national airspace system.''

The name <md address of the applicant is:

          NCCERT, INC
          Attn: Jack Thorpe
          Ph: +1 919 538 4140
          Email: l!.Porpe@ncceli.org
          Address: 400 Evans Lane

                       Wendell, NC 27591
The conditions proposed by the applicant are drawn from order 8900. I CHG 0

         Regulations fiTml which the exemption is required

          14 CFR Part 21
          14 C.F.R. 45.23(b)
          14 CFR 6LI 13 (a) & (b)
          14 C.P.R. 91.7 (a)
          14 CF'R 9L9 (b) (2)
          14 C.P.R. 91.103
          14 C.F.R. 91. !09
          14C.F.R. 91.119
          14 C.P.R. 9J.l21
          l4CFR 9l.l5l (aJ
          14 CFR 91.203 (a) & (b)
          14 CFR 91.405 (a)
          14 CFR 407 (a) (l)
          14 Cl''R 409 (a) (2)
          14 CFR 417 (a) & (b)

          This exemption application is expressly submitted to fulfill Congress' goal in passing Section
333(a) through (c) of the Reform Act. This law directs the Secretary of Transportation to consider
whether certain unmanned aircraft systems may operate safely in the national airspace system (NAS)
before completion of the rulemaking required under Section 332 of the Reform Act. [n making this
determination, the Secretary is required to determine which types of UASs do not create a hazard to
users of the NAS or the public or pose a threat to national security in light of the f(lllowing.:

     · The lJAS's size. weight, speed, and operational capability
     · Operation of the UA.S in dose proximity to airports and populated areas; and
     · Operation of the UAS within visual line of sight of the operator.

Reform Act Section 333 (a). Lastly. if the Secretary determines that such vehicles '·may operate
safely in the national airspace system. the Secretary S.Jli!..l.LS':?..l~tl:!li§.b__I~QJJJJiLGn!.\':llJS. for the safe
operation of such aircraft in the national airspace system.'' ID Section 333(c) {emphasis added)

          'J'he Federal Aviation Act expressively grants the FAA the authority to issue exemptions.
This statutory authority by its terms includes exempting civil aircraft, as the term is defined under
section 40101 of the A.ct that includes slJASs, from the requirement that civil aircraft must have a
current airworthiness certificate.

Applicant interprets this provision 1.QJ2iac~_J.l}~ dJJ..t.Y_..Q.D_1l!.G._.t\dminbtmmr not only process
applicants for exemptions under section 333, but for the adn1inistrator to craft conditions for
the safe operation of the liAS, if it should be deterrnined that the conditions set forth herein
do not fulfill the statutory requirements for approval.

                                                                                                             2
         The Administrator may gram an exen1ption from a requirement of a regulation
prescribed under subsection (a) or (b) of this section or any sections 44702-44716 of this title
if the Administrator find the exemption in the public interest. 49 U.S.C. Section 4470 l(f) see
also 49 USC Section 4471l(a); 49 USC Section 44704; 14 CFR Section 91.'203 (a) (1).

NC CERT, INC, sUASs 11xed wing and rotorcraft. weighing 55 or fewer or lbs. including
payload. They operate, under normal conditions at a speed of no more than 70 knots and in
the case of our mu1rirotors have a capability to hover, and move in the vertical and horizontal
plane simultaneously. They will operate in a line of sight and will operate only within the
sterile area tnade up of farm land, power utility grid and towers.

         Given tl1e small size of the sUASs involved and restricted sterile environment witl1in
which they wilJ operate, the applicant falls squarely within that zone of safety (an equivalent
level of safety) in which Congress envisioned that the FAA must, by exemption, allow
commercial operations of UASs to commence immediately. Also due to the size of t11e UASs
and the restricted areas in which the relevant sUASs will operate, approval of the application
presents no national security issue. Given tl1e clear direction in Section 333 of the Reform
Act the authority contained in the Federal Aviation Act, as amended; the strong equivalent
level of safety surrounding tl1e proposed operations, and the significant public benetit.
including enhanced safety, reduction in environmental impacts, including reduced emissions
and chen1ical spills, exemptions associated with a11owing UASs for agricultural operations,
the grant of the requested exemptions is in the public interest. According] y, the applicant
respectfully requests that the FAA grant the requested exemption without delay.

         AIRCRAFT AND EQUIVELANT LEVEL OF SAFETY

         The applicant proposes that the exemption requested herein apply to aircraft that have
the characteristics and that operate witl1in the limitations listed herein. These limitations
proyiLi.s;;:_fm:__at Jpast <l.!LQquiva.k'nt_ or even higher level of safety to operations under thq
current regulatory stmcture because the proposed operations represent a safety enhancement
to the alreadv safe agricultural services and crops dusted currently being used with
conventional aircraft.

                                                                                                                 3
1. The sUASs will weigh less than 55 lbs.
2. Flights will be operated within line of sight of a pilot and/or observing.
3. Maximum tota.l flight time for each operational flight will be 120 minutes for multirotor

     application and 90 minutes for tlxed wing operation. Flights will be terminated at 257~1
     battery power reserve should that occur prior to the 30 minute limit for fixed wing
     operations.
4. Flights will be operated at an altitude of no more than 1,000 feet l\.GL.
5. Minimum crew for each operation >vill consist of the sUAS Pilot, and Visual Observer.

6. slJAS Pilot will be an certified by the aircraft manufacture for operations and have at
    least a sports pilots license, No Medical required. Most pilots wiU have military UAS

     training the observer will hold at least manufactures ground school certificate. No
     medical required.
7. sUAS Pilot will be pilot in command (PIC). If a pilot certificate holder other than the
     sUAS Pilot vvho possess the necessary PJC qualifications. is also present on set (i.e. the
     aerial coordinator), that person can also be designated as PIC

8 The UAS will only operate within a confined "sterile area" and have a ·'Security

     Perimeter'' for the flight operations area.
9. A briefing will be conducted in regard to the planned sUAS operations prior to each

     day's production activities. 1t will be mandatory that all personal who wiLl be performing
     duties within boundaries of the safety perimeter be present for this briefing.
10. The operator will file a FAA Form 7711-l, or its equivalent, as modified in light of the
     requested exemption, with the appropriate Flight Standards District Office.
ll. The operator will obtain the consent of all persons involved in the flying area and ensure
     that only consenting persons be allowed within 100 feet of the flight operation, and this
     radius may be reduced to 30 feet based upon an equivalent level of safety and
     determination. With the advanced permissi.on of the FSDO, operations at closer range can
     be approved.
12. The operator will notify a Plan of Activities to the FSDO 30 minutes before the proposed
     flights.
13. Pilot and observer will have been trained in the operation of UAS generally and received
     up-to-date inl~mnation on the particular UAS. Observer and Pilot \:vill at all times be able
     to communicate by voice or text.
J4. Notification of SAR operations will be conducted and/or oral permission ti·om the
     relevant property holders will be obtained prior to flying operations over said location.
15. All required permissions will be obtained from territorial, state, county, or city
     jurisdictions, including local law enforcement, fire, or other appropriate government
     agencies.
16. If the sUAS losses communications or it losses its GPS signal, the UAS will have
     capability to return to a pre-determined location within the Security Perimeter and land.
17. The sUAS will bavc capability to abort Hight in case of unpredictable obstacles or
     emergencies.

                                                                                                                 4
14 C.F.R Part 21, Subpm1 H: Air worthiness certificates 14 C.F.R. Section 91.203 (a) (1)

          Subpart H. entitled Ainvorthiness Certificates. establishes the procedural requirements for the
issuance of airworthiness certificates as required by FAR Section 91.203 (a)(]). Given the size and
limited operating area associated with aircraft to be utilized by the Applicant, an exemption from Part
21 Subpart H meets the requirements of an equivalent level of safety under Part 11 and Section 333 of
the Reform Act both authorize the FAA to exempt aircraft from the requirement for an airworthiness
certificate, upon consideration of the size. \veight, speed, operational capability, proximity to airports
and populated areas of the particular lJAS. In a]] cases, an analysis of these crite1ia demonstrates that
the UAS operated without an airworthiness certificate. in a restricted environment and under the
conditions proposed will be at lease as safe, or safer, than conventional aircraft (fixed wing or
rotorcraft) operating with an airworthiness certificate without the retractions and conditions proposed.

          The sU AS to be operated here under is less than 55 lbs. fully loaded, carries neither a pilot
nor passenger, cmTies no explosive materials or flammable materials liquid fuels, and operates
exclusively within a secured area as set out in manual. Unlike other civil aircraft operations under
this exemption will be tightly controHed and monitored by both the operator and, pursuant to the
requirements, and in compliance to local public safety requirements, to provide security of the area of
operation as is now done with conventional flag man. 'l'he FAA will have advance notice of all
operations. 'l'hese safety enhancements, \vhich already apply to civil aircraft operated in connection
to agricultural aerial applicators , provide a greater degree of safety to pubLic and property owners
than conventional operations conducted with airworthiness certificates issued under 14 C.F.R. Part
21. Subpart H. Lastly. application of these same criteria demonstrates that there is no credible threat
to national security posed by the UAS, due to its size, speed of operation, location of operation, lack
of explosive materials or f1ammable liquid fuels, and inability to cmTy a substantial external load.

14 C.:F.R. Section45.23 (b). Marking of the aircraft

    'rhe regulation requires:

                     When marks include only the Roman capital letter "N'' and the registration of the
                     number is displayed on limited. restricted or in a light-sport category aircraft or
                     experimental or provisionally certified aircraft, the operator must also display on the
                     aircraft near each entrance to the cabin, cockpit, or pilot station, in letters not less
                     than 2 inches nor more than 6 inches high, the words "limited,'' "restricted:' ''light
                     spot.'' "experimental,'' or ·'provisional,'' as applicable.

           Even though the UAS will have no airworthiness certificate, and exemption may he needed as
the U AS will have no entrance to the cabin, cockpit or pilot station on which the \VOrd "experimental'·
can be placed. Given the size of the sUAV, the two inch lettering will be impossible. The word
''experimental" wi11 be placed on the fuselage in compliance with §45.29 (f).

          The equivalent level of safety will he provided by having the sUA V marked on it fuselage as
required by *45.29 (f) where the pilot, observer and others working with the sUAV will see the
identification of the sUAV as "ExperimentaL'' The FAA has issued the following exemptions to this
regulation to exemptions to this regulation to Exemptions Nos. 10700, 8738. 10167 A.

                                                                                                              5
14 C.F.R. § 6l.H3 (al & (b): Private pilots Privileges and Limitations: Pilot in Command.

          Sections 61.113 (a) & (b) limit pilots to non-commercial operations. Because the UAS will
not carry a pilot or passengers, the proposed operations can achieve the equivalent level of safety of
current operations by requiring the PIC operating the aircraft to have a sport pilot's Certificate rather

than have than a commercial pilots Certificate to operate this small tJAS. Unlike a conventional

aircraft that carries a pilot and passengers, the sUAS is remotely controlled with no living thing
onboarcl. The area of operation is controlled and restricted, and all flights are planned and
coordinated in advance as set forth by in the S.O.P. The level of safety provided by the requirements
included in the S.O.P exceeds that provided by a single individual holding a commercial pilot's
certificate operating a conventional aircraft. The risks associated with the operation of the sUAS are
so diminished from the level of risk associated with the operation of a commercial operations
contemplated with Part 61 when drafted. that allowing operations of the sUAS as requested with a
recreational pilot as the PIC exceeds the present level of safety achieved by 14 C.FR. §61,1 13 (a) &

(h).

14 C.F.R. §91.7 (a): Civil A.ircraft Airworthiness.

          The regulation requires that no person may operate a civil aircraft unless it is in airworthiness
condition. As there will be no ainvorthiness certificate issued for the aircraft should this should this
exemption be granted, no I''AA regulatory standard will exist for determining airworthiness. Given
the size of the aircraft and the requirements contained in the SOP for maintenance and use of safety
check lists prior to each flight, and equivalent level of safety will be provided.

14 C.l<'.R. § 91.9 (b) (2): Civil Aircraft !<'light Manual in the Aircraft

          Section 9 J.9 (b) (2) provides:

          No person may operate a lJ.S.-registered civil aircraft ...

          (.?.) For which an Airplane or Rotorcraft Flight Manual is not required by §2L5 of this
                    chapter, unless there is available in the aircraft a current approved airplane or
                    Rotorcraft Flight Manual, approved manual material, markings, and placard, or any
                    combination thereof.

          The sUA.S, given its size and configuration has no ability or place to cany such a Hight

manual on the aircraft, not only because there is no pilot onboard, hut because there is no room or

capacity to carry such an item on the aircraft.

          The equivalent level of safety will be maintained by keeping the flight manual at the ground
control point where the pilot f1ying the sUAS will have access to it Tbe FAA has issued the
following exemptions to this regulation: Exemption Nos. 8607, 8737. 8738, 9299. 9299/\, 9565.
95658, 10167, 10602, 32827, and Hl700.

                                                                                                                      6
14 C.F.R. § 9LW3: Preflight action

          This regulation requires each pilot in command to take certain actions before flight to insure
the safety of the flight. As the FAA approved rotor craft flight manuals will not be provided as set
forth in sections the SOP. The PIC will take all actions including reviewing weather, night battery
requirements, landing and takeoff distances and aircraft performance data before initiation of flight.

14 C.F.R. §9LW9: Flight instruction

          Section 91.1 03 provides that no person may operate a civil aircraft (except a manned free
balloon) that is being used for flight instruction unless that aircraft has fully functioning dual controls.

          sUASs and remotely controlled aircraft, by there design do not have fully functioning dual
controls. Flight control is accomplished though the use of a control box that communicates with the
aircraft via radio communications. The FAA has approved exemptions for night training without
fully functioning dual controls for a numher of aircraft and for flight instruction in experimental
aircraft. See exemption Nos.5778K & 9862A The equivalent level of safety provided by that neither
a pilot nor passengers will be carried in the aircraft and by the size and speed of the aircraft

14 C.F.R. §91.119: Minimum safe altitudes

          Section 91.119 establishes safe altitudes for operations of civil aircraft Section 9l.ll9 (d)
allows helicopters to be operated at less than the minimums prescribed provided the person operating
the helicopter complies with any route or altitudes prescribed for helicopters by the FA/\. As
exemption is for the sUAS that is a helicopter and the exemption requests authority to operate at
altitudes of up to 400 AGL rotorcraft and 1000 AGL for fixed-wing, or not more than 200 above an
elevated platform such as radio towers. an exemption may be needed to allow such operations. As set
t~lrth by herein. except for the limited conditions stated in the SOP, the UAS will never operate higher
than 400 AGL roton:raft and l 000 AGL for fixed-wing. 1t \Viii however be operated in a restricted
area >vith a security perimeter, where buildings and people will not be exposed to operations without
their pre-obtained consent.

          ·rhe equivalent level of safety will be achieved given the size. weight. speed of the UAS as
well as the location where it is operated. No Hight will he taken without the permission of the
property mvner or local officials. Because of the advance notice to the property owner and
participants in the activity. all affected individuals will be aware of the planned night operations as
set forth in the SOP. Compared to Hight operations with aircraft or rotorcraft weighing more far more
than the maximum 551bs. proposed herein and the lack of Hammahk fuel, any risk of associated with
these operations is far less than those presently presented with conventional aircraft operating at or
below 500 AGL. In addition, the low-altitude operations of the sUAS will ensure separation between
these small UAS operations and the operations of conventional aircraft that must comply with Section
91.119.

14 C.F.R. §91.121 Altimeter Settings

          This regulation requires each person operating an aircraft to maintain cruising altitude by
reference to an altimeter that i.s set '· ...to the elevation of the departure airport or an appropriate
altimeter setting available before clepruture." As the sUAS may not have a barometric altimeter. hut
instead a GPS altitude read out, an exemption may be needed. An equivalent level of safety wiLl be
achieved by the operator. pursuant to the Manual and Safety Check list, confirming the altitude of the
launch site shown on the GPS altitude indicator before flight.

                                                                                                                         7
14 C.F.R. §91.15l(a): Fuel Requirements for :Flight in V:FR Conditions

          Section 91.151 (a) prohibits and individual from beginning "a flight in an airplane under VFR
conditions unless (considering wind and forecast weather conditions) there is enough fuel to fly to the
Hrst point of intended landing. and assuming normal cruising speed- (1) During the day. to fly after
that for at least 30 minutes; or (2) At night, to fly after that for at least 45 minutes.''

          The battery powering the sUAS provides approximately 40 minutes of powered flight. 'fo
meet the 30 minute reserve requirement in 14 CFR §91.15 l, slJAS nights would be limited to
approximately 10 minutes in length. Given the limitations on the UAS's proposed flight area and the
location of its proposed operations within a predetermined area, a longer time frame for night in
daylight or night VFR conditions is reasonable.

          Applicant believes that ~m exemption from 14 CFR (a) falls within the scope of prior
exemptions. See Exemption 10673 (allowing Lockheed Martin Corporation to operate without
compliance with FAR 91.15l(a)'). Operating the small UAS. in a tightly controlled area where only
people and property owners or oiTicial representatives who have signed waivers will be aHowed. ;vith
less than 30 minutes of reserve fuel, does not engender the type of risk that Section 91.15l(a) was
intended to aJJeviate given the size speed of the small UAS. Additionally, limiting sUAS flights to IO
minutes would greatly reduce the utility for which the exemption \vill be granted.

          Applicant believes that an equiva.lent level of safety can be achieved by limiting nights to 30
minutes or 25% of battery power whichever happens first. This restriction would be more than
adequate to return the sUAS to its planned landing zone from anywhere in its limited operating area.

          Similar exemptions have been granted to other operations. including Exemptions 2689F,
5745. 10673. and 10808.

14 C.F.R §91.203 (a) and (b): Carrying Civil Aircraft Certification and Registration

          'I'he regulation provides in pertinent part:

                     (a) Except as provided in §91.71 5, no person may operate a civil aircraft unless it
                             has within it the following:

                               (1 J An appropriate and current airworthiness celiiflcate ...

                     (b) No person may operate a civil aircraft unless the airworthiness certificate

                         required by paragraph (a) of this section or a special flight authorization issued
                            under §91.715 is displayed at the cockpit entrance so that it is legible to

                             passengers or crew.

          'J'he UAS fuLly loaded weighs no more than 55lbs and is operated without an onboard pilot.
          As such, there is no ability or place to carry certification and registration documents or
          display them on the slJAS.

                     An equivalent level of safety will be achieved by keeping these documents at the
          ground control point where the pilot flying the sUAS wiH have immediate access to them, to
           the extent they are applicable to the sUAS. The FAA has issued numerous exemptions to this

                                                                                                        8
regulation. A representative sample of other exemptions includes Exemption Nos. 9565,
9665, 9789, 9789A. 9797, 9816A, 10700.

14 C.F.R. §91.405 (a); 407 (a) (2); 417 (a) & {b}

          These regulations require that an aircraft operator or owner "shall have that aircraft
inspected as prescribed in subpart E of this part and shall between required inspections.

except as provided in paragraph (c) of this section, have discrepancies repaired as prescribed
in part 43 of this chapter. .. ;· and others shall inspect or maintain the aircraft in compliance

with part 43.

          Given t11at these section and Part 43 apply only to aircraft with an ainvorthiness
certificate. these sections wiJJ not apply to the application. Maintenance wiLl be
accomplished by the operator pursuant to the flight manual and operating handbook as
referenced in the Manual. An equivalent level of safety will be achieved because these small

UASs are very limited in size and will catTy a smaLl payload and operate only in restricted

areas for limited periods of time. If mechanical issues arise the UAS can land immediately
and wiH be operating from no higher than 400 feet AGL rotorcraft and J000 AGL for fixed-
wing. As provided in the SOP, the operator will ensure that the UAS is in working order

prior to initiating flight, perform required maintenance. and keep a log of any maintenance
preformed. Moreover, the operator is the person most familiar with the aircraft and best

suited to maintain the aircraft in an airworthy condition to provide the equivalent level of
safety.

          Pursuant to 14 C.I··.R Part l L the following summary is provided for publication in
the Federal Register. should it be determined that publication is needed:

           Applicant seeks an exemption from the following mles:
                     14 C.F.R. §21, subpart H: 14 C.F.R 45.23 (b); 14 C.F.R. §§ 6l.ll3 (a) & (b);

9L7 (a): 91.9 (b) (2):9J.J03 (b): 9I.I09; 91.119:9U21:9J.l51 (a); 91.203 (a) and (b):
91.405 (a); 91.407 (a) (1); 91.409 (a) (2) and 91.417 (a) & (h) to operate commercially a
smaLl unmanned vehicle (551bs or less) in the Agricultural 3d Mapping Service Operations.

          Approval of exemptions allowing SAR operations of sUASs in the search of people
and for training will enhance safety by reducing risk. Conventional operations using jet or
piston aircraft, operate at extremely low altitudes just feet from the equipment and livestock
and structures; and present the risks associated with vehicles that weigh in the neighborhood
of 3.000-5.000 lbs., canying large amounts of jet A or other fuel in most cases helicopters
operating with 140 gallon fuel tanks. The sUAS will carry no passengers or crew and.
therefore, will not expose them to the risks associated with manned aircraft flights.

           The operations of small UASs, weighing less then 55 lbs., conducted in the strict
conditions outlined above, will provide an equivalent level of safety supporting the grant of
the Part 21 and aHowing commercial operations. These lightweight UAVs operate at slow
speeds, close to the ground and in sterile environment and. as a result. are far safer than

conventional operations conducted with a piston and or turbine aircraft operating close to the

ground.

Public Acknovvledgement/Privacy

           Aircraft that are going to be covered are seen in Appendix A

                                                                                                         9
Appendix A.
VK- .FF-X4 Mulitirotor

                        Arm Length: 320 rnm
                        GenVcr Frame Uianwter: 24U mm

                        300 mrn {Length) ' 430 mm (Wtdth)
                        > :l40 mm (··!ei9t1n
                        {Center Piate: 25C rnrn}

                                                           10
VK>FF-XS Mu!itrotor

~--·------                           ------~!

                     FREE FliGHT X8

                     Dla;:y:ma} ~;Vt1eelt>ase : 800 mm
                     Ann Len9lh ! :320 rnm
                     Genter frame Oiarn~ttor: 2-JD mm
                     Landing Gem Size :
                     420 rnn (Lengtl1} x 4~jl) mrn (\·~·lidH;)
                     ·< -100 rnm 1}-le!\jtlt)
                     {:C'f:.)nt.:::r P~ate: 25-fJ mm}

                                                                        ll
      VK-Patriot X4/X8-Photo of airframe for both X4 & X8 configurations
VK- Ranger EX- SAR :Fixed Wing

                                                                                                       12
VikingONE SAR Fixed Wing
                                                                                                            13
VK- Skylark Radio Control.Flight System

                  II

                                                                                                             14
SAR Autonomous Ground Station and AC Tracking System

          Satisfaction of the criteria provided in Section 333 of the Reform Act of 2012-size.
weight, speed, operating capabilities, proximity to populated areas and or dose proximity to
aiqxnts and operations within visual line of sight provides more then adequate justification
for the grant of the requested exemptions allowing commercial operation of applicant's UAS
in the agricultural scanning services industry.

                                    Sincerely.

                                ~~~
                                    .lack Thorpe

                                    NC CERT, INC

CC: Board Members NC CERT. INC

                                                      15
