September 23, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12957
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA-2015-2635

Mr. Neil B. Sulish
2006 Long Beach Boulevard
Surf City, NJ 08008

Dear Mr. Sulish:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated May 30, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) for
an exemption. You requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct
evaluations of infrastructure operations.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a DJI Phantom 3 Professional.

In accordance with the statutory criteria provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in
reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited
operating area associated with the aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation
has determined that this aircraft meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA
finds that relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts,
                                                                                           2

Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing
requirements of part 36, is not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Mr. Neil B. Sulish is granted an exemption from
14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c),
91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to
the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Mr. Neil B. Sulish is hereafter referred to as the operator.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                                                 3

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom 3
         Professional when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed
         operations of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this
         exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
         must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
         documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
         Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
         limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
         the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
         Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
         documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
         operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
                                                                                                            4

    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
                                                                                                            5

    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least 5 minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the enclosed COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.
                                                                                                               6

   23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
       any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
       PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
       These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
       official upon request.

   24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
       activities at all times.

   25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

   26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
       persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
          a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
             from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
             that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
             where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
             the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
             of nonparticipating persons; and
          b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
             for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
             the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
             present an undue hazard.

       The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
       nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

   27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
       permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
       Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
       obtained for each flight to be conducted.

   28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
       boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
       to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
       reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
       contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

   29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
       as documented in this grant of exemption.
                                                                                                                 7

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.

This exemption terminates on September 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
May 30, 2015

Mr. Bill Crozier
Acting Manager, Flight Standards Service
Unmanned Aircraft Systems Integration Services
Room 4102
Federal Aviation Administration
470 L'Enfant Plaza SW
Washington, DC 20024

RE: Request for exemption from multiple regulatory provisions to allow the use of
small unmanned aerial systems on Iand controlled by clients of mine to assist in the
safe evaluation of infrastructure and operations for my future clients

Dear Mr. Crozier,

I Neil B Sulish respectfully request an exemption from several provisions of Title 14
of the Code of Federal Regulations (C.F.R.) to permit the use of small unmanned
aerial systems (sUAS) to assist in the evaluation of infrastructure of operations for
my clients. Also in filming various functions for my future clients in the field of Real
Estate, outdoor weddings, and outdoor water-sports i.e.. surfing. Accordingly, the
grant of an exemption is consistent with Congress' intent, reflected in Section 333
of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (Modernization Act),1 that safe
systems be permitted in the national airspace prior to the issuance of final
regulations governing general use of these systems.2A summary of this request
suitable for Publication in the Federal Register is provided as Appendix A.

Appendix B provides the manufacturers information regarding the design, aircraft
performance, and fail-safe features. I have provided the information related to
operating limitations, normal and emergency procedures, and maintenance and
inspection procedures. As I add aircraft designs, I will update this appendix
appropriately. Also, provides the manual for flights covered under this Exemption
Request.

iP.L 112-95, stat 11, February 14. 2012

23ection 333(b) (2) specifically contemplates Ihat the FAA may issue a cenificate of waiver upon finding that a type of
UAS, as a result of size, weight, speetl, operationzl capaciry, prowmiry t o airpons and populated are.as , and ope2tions
within visual line of sigM do not create a hzzartl to users of the NAS or ihe public or pose a threat to national security.
Background Information

I plan on working in the Real Estate Industry, outdoor weddings, and outdoor
sporting activities over water i.e. surfing.

I have been contacted by many future clients looking for me to operate sUAS for
their business needs.

Infrastructure Safety Insoection Onerations:

    Roof inspection

    Construction Companies' Projects

     Agriculture (farm crop inspection

     Solar panel inspection

As a part of this I am requesting FAA Fxemption for sUAS operations for safety,
inspection and video capture usage.

Reaulatorv Basis for Exemotion Reauest

In addition to the waiver authority provided in Section 333 of the Modernization Act,
the FAA may grant an emption under 49 U.S.C. §44701(f) 'rf it has determined that
such an exemption is in the public interest. The FAA has imposed a separate
requirements it procedural regulations, providing that the petitioner shall explain why
granting the exemption would not adversely affect safety or how the exemption
would provide at least an equivalent level of safety as compliance with the
underlying regulation.

Granting an Exemotion will not Adverselv Affect Safetv

I do note that there is no applicable standard for an equivalency determination.
Some have argued that the appropriate standard is that for model aircraft, noting
that their operations, if conducted for recreational purposes, would fall completely
within the allowable operations for model aircraft. I believe it is difficult to argue that
there is sufficient conelation between model operations controlled by the Academy
of Model Aeronautics and the ones contemplated by myself. At the same time , it is
clear that equivalency cannot be established for tradftional, manned civil aircraft
because the design and use profiles between tradftional aircraft and sUAS are
contemplated operations would not adversely affect safety, which is all that
§11.81(e) requires.

Granting an exemption will not adversely afffect safety. I contemplate conducting
sUAS operations over client owned or controlled Iand, solely during daylight hours,
at altitudes well below that which would pose a risk presented by standard
infrastructure operations, my clients already have taken steps to secure property
against unauthorized public access. For example, substantial stretches of pipeline,
utilities, railroad tracks, solar farms, and other sites, are usually fenced, elevated, or
othenaise secured to prevent access. Other long stretches of interest are, as noted
above could be in wilderness areas. Most of my anticipated work will be on
privately owned real estate developments, outdoor venues, private large farms and
over bodies of water. The nature of operations that I anticipate requires that the
sUAS be flown at relatively low speeds. I expect that in most instances, the sUAS
will be flown less than 75 feet from the highest structure along the path of the sUAS.
Accordingly, the risk of interterence with another aircraft is minimal. I plan to
conduct sUAS operations at least 3 miles from a any public airports (including
heliports).

Approval of exemption allowing commercial operation of sUAS in the infrastructure
aerial inspection industry, outdoor sporting events, construction projects, and
outdoor wedding venues will enhance safety by reducing risk. Conventional
operations, using jet or piston power aircraft, operate a extremely low altitudes just
feet from the subject being inspected or filmed and in extreme proximity to people
and structures: and present the risks associated with vehicles that weigh in the
neighborhood of 4,000 Ibs., carrying large amounts of jet A or other fuel (140
gallons for jet helicopters). such aircraft must fly to and from the job site. In
contrast, a sUAS weighing fewer than 55 Ibs. and powered by batteries eliminates
virtually all of that risk given the reduced mass and lack of combustable fuel carried
on board. The uSAS is carried to the site. the sUAS will carry no passengers or
crew and, therefore, till not expose them to the risk associated with manned flights.

The operation of small UASs, weighing less than 55 Ibs., conducted in the strict
conditions outlined above, will provide an equivalent level of safety supporting the
grant of the exemptions requested herein, including 333 Aircraft Exemption Status
exempting the applicant from conventional aircraft requirements and allowing
commercial operations. These lightweight aircraft operate at slow speeds, close to
the ground,and in a controlled environment and, as a result, are far safer than
conventional operations conducted with turbine helicopters operating in close
proximity to the ground and people.

The safety of this on the ground is protected by the fact that no one will be allowed
into the area without permission of the landowner. Security will be established for
the flight area as part of the pre-flight control. Each individual within the secure area
will be briefed prior to flight and will consent to being in the area

I initially intend to use myself as the dedicated pilot for all sUAS operations. AII
operations will be within the visual line-of-sight (i.e. no more than approximately 0.5
miles from the manipulator of the controls (myself), or pilot in command (PIC myself).
As PIC I will conduct at least three take-offs and landings with the sUAS on which I
was trained every 90 days as a minimum. As PIC I will establish my qualifications
thru a combination of aeronautical knowledge, UAS airmanship skill, and verification
through established protocol before any operations commence. Depending on the
type of operation, additional ground-based visual observers may be employed as
well. These observers will be within constant visual line of sight and in constant
contact with the PIC. The visual observers will assist the PIC in avoiding objects
near the sUAS.

There are no standards for either Private or Commercial sUAS pilot certiflcates. The
safe operation and control of the UAS as described in this application dow not
depend on the type of FAA license held by the PIC. Given the restricted and
controlled airspace within which operations will take place, the key factors needed
by the PIC are knowledge of the airspace wdhin which the operation will take place
and how that airspace fits into the National Airspace System (NAS). That
knowledge can be and is gained primarily through ground school and not though
flight training in fixed wing aircraft, has the skill or abiliry to safely operate a small
unmanned aerial vehicle, operating at 400 AGL or Iower, within a strictly controlled
pre-approved airspace. Besides knowledge of airspace regulations, dexterity in the
control and operation of the sUAS acquired from actual operation of the aircraft is
the most important factor in establishing an equivalent level of safety.

If the PIC has acquired the necessary knowledge of airspace requirements, the
relevant issues are (1) where the aircraft will be flown, (2) the size of the aircraft
relative to what is being used today to accomplish the same mission, and (3) what
precautions will be taken to ensure the safety of those in the area of operation. I
propose that the aircraft be operated within a secure environment; and that no one
be allowed to enter the secure environment unless the are par[ of the operation of
the sUAS, and have consented to the risk associated wfth being in the operating
area. Should there be a mishap, the sUAS being flown pose significantly less of a
threat than the helicopters and fixed wing aircraft now being employed because
they are a fraction of the size, carry no flammable fuel, do not carry crew or
passengers, and pose an infinitesimal risk to others. This is in stark contrast to
conventional aircraft that are flown to the site , cany explosive fuel, carry passengers
and crew, and operate in a much larger area.

From a practical standpoint, there are relatively few licensed full-scale aircraft pilots
who are also qualified to fly the type of sUAS that are utilized for infrastructure and
other image capture operations. There are even fewer commercial pilots that can fly
these sUAS- to the point that to do both is considered rare. Assuming that it is
unlikely for a company to find a pilot that has both qualifications, that company
would efther have to source a qualified sUAS pilot to train and obtain a commercial
certificate, or find a commercial certificated pilot who would be willing to learn to fly
a sUAS to the competency level required for professional use.

Minimum requirements for the PIC include:

1. A minimum of 200 flight cycles and 25 hours of total time as a sUAS rotorcraft
     pilot and at least 10 logged as a sUAS pilot with a similar sUAS type (single
     blade or multi-rotor);

2. A minimum of 5 hours as sUAS pilot with the make and model of sUAS to be
     utilized for operations under the exemption and 3 take offs and landings in the
     preceding 90 days;

3. Have undergone a qualification process as specified in the Flight Operations &
     Procedures Manual consisting of a knowledge & skill test the aircraft to be used.

I intend to use commercially available sUAS Components for sUAS. These sUAS
systems will be tested for quality & safety under controlled conditions before being
used in the field. The sUAS is less than 55 Ibs. fully loaded, carries neither a pilot
nor a passenger, and operates exclusively within a secured area. I have a routine
maintenance schedule to verify that the sUAS will remain in safe and operational
condftion. Please see Appendix B, for Specific Types of sUAS.
Notes reoardino : 14 C.F.R. Part 21. Suboart H

In accordance with the statutory criteria provided in Section 333 of PL 112-95 in
reference to 49 USC 44704, and in consideration of the size, weight, speed, and
limited operating area associated with the aircraft and its operation , we request
that's aircraft exemption meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore , if granted
Section 333 relief of 14 CFR part 21, and any accosted noise certification and
testing requirements of part 36, is not necessary.

N4tes recqardinp: 14 C.F.R. § 45.23(b). Markino of the Aircraft

Given the size of the sUAV, two inch lettering will be impossible, UAS will be
identified by serial number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have
ident[fication (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C.
Markings will be as large as practicable.

Notes~ reqardinA: 14 CFR § 91.7(a) Civil Aircraft Airworthiness

My request is based on the fact tat no ainvorthiness certificate will be issued for the
UAS. My UAS will not require an ainaorthiness certificate in accordance with 14
CFR part 21, subpart H. Based on the fact that an airworthiness certificate will not
be issued, exemption from § 91.7(a) is not necessary.

Notes Reoarding: 14 CFR&91 9(b)( 21Civil_aircraft flipht manual, markino and placard

Certifications required, the original intent these regulations was to display an
aircraft's ainvorthiness, certfication, and registration documents so they would be
easily available to inspectors and passengers. Based on the FAA Memorandum
subject "Interpretation regarding whether certain required documents may be kept
at an unmanned aircraft's control station," dated August 8, 2014, the requested
relief from 14 CFR §§ 91.9(b)(2) and 91.203(a) and (b) is not necessary.

Notes Regarding· &91 109 Fliaht instruction· Simulated instrument & certain flight

test

Small UASs, by their design, do not have fully functional dual controls. Flight control
is accomplished through the use of a control box that communicates with the
aircraft via radio communications. Aircraft being considered for use by me allow the
UAS Instructor to place the aircraft into "loiter" mode (fixed aRitude stationary hold).
In the event of the student losing control, the UAS instructor can quickly and via
alternate equipment (equipment not in the hands of the student) place the aircraft
into a mode that then allows the instructor to bring the aircraft back into control and
back to the pre-determined and/or safe landing location.

I do not describe training scenarios in which a dual set of controls would be utilized
or required, i.e. dual flight instruction, provided by a flight instructor or other
company-designed individual, that would require that individual to have fully
functioning dual controls. Rather, I would evaluate the qualification of its PICs based
on their experience with the UAS to be operated and verifies through testing, in lieu
of formalized training. As such, I do not seek relief from 14 CFR § 91.109.

Notes Regarding & 14 CFR 91.119(b)

Relief from § 14 CFR 91.119(b), operation over congested areas is not applicable,
because the operations performed will only be conducted within the secure area
described herein.
Mv safetv Ooerations & Procedures Overview:

Technologv Consideratlons:

Best in class, tried and proven technologies that are in advanced iterations.
Software from highly-reputable industry partners will include feature-

1. Auto descent (landing) if communication signal were to be severed. If the sUAS
     loses communications, the sUAS will have the capability to return to a pre-
     determined location within the security perimeter and land.

2. Auto descent (landing) if battery were to drop lower than nominal level.

3. Flights will be terminated at 25%battery power reserve.

4. Live video for the operator gives real-time positioning feedback. Another words,
     I can monitor the scene from the vehicle's perspective for collision avoidance,
     and to maintain spatial orientation.

5. The sUAS will have the capability to abort a flight in case of unpredicted
     obstacles or emergencies.

6. On-Screen-display (OSD) contains operating information to ascertain vehicle
     health at all times: speed, altitude,number of GPS satellites (when available),
     heading, and voltage.

7. GPS Lock supplies for return-to-home (RTH). Should command and Control
     (C2) link failures occur (highly improbable), vehicle returns automatically to the
     point of launch.

8. Altitude information will be provided to the sUAS pilot via a digitally encoded
     telemetric data feed, which downlinks from the aircraft to a a ground-based on-
     screen display. This altitude information will be generated by equipment
     installed on board the aircraft, using GPS triangulation, digitally encoded
     barometric altimeter, or radio altimeter, or any combination thereof. Prior to
     each flight, a zero altitude initiation point will be established and confirmed for
     accuracy by the Pilot.
Mechan/ca!/Phvsica(:

1. 1 will fly in Line-of-sight (LOS) only. The vehicle will always remain in direct LOS
     to the pilot, thus eliminating the concern of signal severance (flying behind
     objects/walls).

2. The sUAS will with less than 551bs and travel at less than 50 knots.

3. Batteries should far exceed the capaciry required for the actual flight time.

4. Flights will be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet AGL.

5. Freproof bags for storage and charging of high capacity Lipo batteries on-site.

6. UA operated under this exemption will be marked in accordance with 14 OFR
     part 45 or as otherwise authorized by the FAA.

Personel:

1. Spotters ensure safe iteration and act as a redundant set of eyes for operators
     (pilot, gimbal op, director.

2. Radio spectrum analysis for interference on the frequencies utilized for vehicle
     control/comm unication.

3. A briefing will be conducted in regard to the planned sUAS operations prior to
     each day's activities. It will be mandatory that all personnel who will be
     performing duties within the boundaries of the safety perimeter be present for
     this briefing.

4. The operator will obtain consent of all persons involved in the sUAS operations
     and ensure that only consenting persons will be allowed within 100 feet of the
     flight operations.

5. Observer and pilot will at all times be able to communicate by voice.

6. Written and/or permission from the relevant property holders will be obtained.

7. Pilot and observer will have been trained in operate of UAS generally and
     received up-to-date information on the particular UAS to be operated.
Ooerations:

1. The unmanned aircraft (UA) must weigh less than 55 pounds (25 Kg), including
     energy source(s) and equipment. Operations authorized by this petition of
     exemption are limited to the following aircraft described in Appendix B.
     Proposed operations of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition
     amendment to this request.

2. Th UA may not be flown at a ground speed exceeding 50 knots.

3. Flights must be operate at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground
     level (AGL), as indicated by the procedures specified in the operator's manual.
     AII altitudes reported ago ATC must be in feet AGL.

4. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all
     times. This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any
     device other than corrective lenses.

5. AII operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The VO may be used to
     satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
     capabiliry. The VO and Pic must be able to communicate verbal at alI times.

6. The operator's manual included as Appendix C and this petition of exemption
     must be maintained and made available to the Administrator upon request. If a
     discrepancy exist between the conditions and limitations in this exemption and
     the procedures outlined in the operator's manual, the conditions and limitations
     herein take precedence and must be followed. Othenaise, the operator must
     follow the procedures as outlined in its operator's manual.
     The operator may update or revise its operator'd manual. It is the operator's
     responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
     documents to the Administrator upon request. The operator must also present
     updated and revised casements if i petitions for extension or amendment. If the
     operator determines that any update or revision would affect the basis for which
     the FAA grants this petition for exemption, ten the operator must petition for
     amendment to their exemption. The FAA's UAS Integrations Office (AFS-80)
     may be oontacted if questions arise regarding updates or revisions to the
     operator's manual.
7. Prior to each flight the PIC must inspect the UAS to ensure it is in a condition for
     safe flight. If the inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of
     the UAS, the aircraft is prohibited from operating until the necessary
     maintenance has been performed and the UAS is found to be in a condition for
     safe flight. The Ground Control Station, if utilized, ,must be included in the pre-
     flight inspection. AII maintenance and alterations must be properly documented
     in the aircraft records.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance of alterations that affect the UAS
     operation or flight characteristics, e.g. replacement of a flight critical
     component, must undergo a functional test flight in accordance with the
     operator's manual. The PIC who conducts the functional test flight must make
     an entry in the UAS aircraft records of the flight. The requirements and
     procedures for a funotional test flight and aircraft record entry must be added to
     the operator's manual.

9. The operator must follow the manufacturer's UAS aircraft/component,
     maintenance, overhaul, replacement, inspection, and I'rfe limit requirements.
     When unavailable, aircraft maintenance%omponent/overhaul, replacement, and
     inspection/maintenance requirements must be established and identified in the
     operator's manual. At a minimum, requirements for the following must be
     included in the operator's manual:
     -Actuators/servos;

-Transmission (single rotor);

-Powerplant (motors);

-Electronic speed controller;

-Batteries;

-Mechanical dynamic components (single rotor)

-Remote command and control;

-Ground Control station (if used); and

-Any other components as determined by the operator;
10. Prior to operations conducted for the purpose of infrastructure inspectrosm the
     PIC must have accumulated and logged in a manner consistent with 14 CFR §
     61.51(b), a minimum of 200 flight cycles and 25 hors of total time as a UAS
     rotorcraft Pilot and at least 10 hours logged as a UAS pilot with a similar UAS
     type (single blade or multi rotor). Prior documented flight experience that was
     obtained in compliance with applicable regulations my satisfy their requirement.
     Training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
     flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the
     UA withe appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance wfth 14 CFR
     § 91.119.

11. Prior to operations conducted for the purpose of infrastructure inspection, the
     PIC must have accumulated and logged, in a manner consistent wfth 14 CFR §
     61.51(b), a minimum of five hours as UAS pilot operations the make and model
     of UAS to be utilized of operations under the exemption and three take-offs and
     three landings in the preceding 90 days. Training, proficiency, experience-
     building, and take-off and landing currency flights can be conducted under this
     pRon of exemption to accomplish the required flight time and 90 day currency.
     During training, proficiency, experience-building, and take-off and landing
     currency flights all persons not essential for flight operations are considered
     non-participants, and the PIC must operate the UA with appropriate distance
     from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

12. Prior to any flight apparitions authorized by this petition of exemption, the PIC
     and VO must have successfully completed a qualification process, as outlined in
     the operator's manual. As this is a requirement stipulated by the operator, the
     test must be developed and implemented by a qualifled person designated at
     the sole discretion of the operator. A record of completion of this qualfication
     process must be documented and made available to the Administrator upon
     request.

13. Prior to operations conducted for the purpose of infrastructure inspection, a
    flight demonstration, administered by an operator-approved and -qualified pilot
     must be successfully completed and documented. This documentation must
     be available for review upon request by the Administrator. Because the
    knowledge and airmanship test qualifications have been developed by the
    operator, and there are no established practical test standards that support a
    jurisdictional FAA FSDO evaluation and approval of company designed
     examiners, the petitioner will conduct these test in accordance with the
     operator's manual.

14. The UA may not be operated over any person, except authorized and
     consenting personnel, below an aftftude that is hazardous to persons or
     property on the surface in the event of a UAS failure or emergency.

15. Regarding the distance form participating persons, the operator's manual has
     safety mitigations for authorized and consenting personnel. At all times, those
     persons must be essential to operations.

16. Regarding distance from nonparticipating persons, the operator must ensure
     that no persons are allowed wfthin 500 feet of the area except those consenting
     to be involved and necessary for the operation being performed. This provision
     may be reduced to no less than 200 feet ff ft would not adversely affect safety
     and the Administrator has approved it. For example, an equivalent level of
     safety may be determined b y an aviation safety inspector's evaluation of the
     infrastructure inspection area to note terrain features, obstructions, buildings,
     safety barriers, etc. Such barrfers may protect nonparticipating persons
     (observers, the public, news media, etc.) from debris in the event of an
     accident.

17. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to
     a pre-determined location within the security perimeter and land or be
     recovered in accordance with the operator's manual.

18. The UAS must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or
     emergencies in accordance with the operator's manual.

19. Each UAS operation must be completed with 25% battery power remaining.

20. The Operator must obtain an Air Traffic Organization (ATO) issued Certificate
     Waiver or Authorization (COA) prior to conducting any operations under this
     petition of exemption. This COA will also require the operator to request a
     Notice to Airman (NOTAM) not more than 72 hours in advance, but not less
     than 48 hours prior to the operation.

21. AII aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by
     serial number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have
     identfication (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart
     C. Markings must be as large as practicable.

22. The operator must develop procedures to document and maintain a record of
     the UAS maintenance, preventative maintenance, alterations, status of
     replacement/overhaul component parts, and the total time in service of the
     UAS. These procedures must be added to the operator's manual.

23. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
     Safety bulletins.

24. The operator must develop UAS technician qualification criteria. These criteria
     must be added to the operators manual.

25. The preflight inspection section in the operator's manual must be amended to
     include the following requirement: The preflight inspection must account for all
     discrepancies, i.e. inoperable compost, items or equipment, not covered in the
     relevant preflight inspection sections of the operator's manual

26. Before conducting operations, the radio frequency spectrum used for operation
     and control of the UA must comply with the Federal Communications
     Commission (FCC) or other appropriate government oversight agency
     requirements.

27. At least 3 days before scheduled flight the operator of the UAS affected by this
     exemption must have a written Plan of Activities.
     The Plan of Activities must include at least the following: Dates and Times of
     proposed flight; Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS; name
     and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of the
     UAS; Make, model, and serial number or N-Number of UAS to be used; Name
     and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the event; a statement that the
     operator obtained permission from property owners and/or local officials'rf
     applicable; Signature of 6cemption holder and a description of the flight activity,
     including maps of affected areas and altitudes essential to accomplish the
     operation.

28. The documents require under 14 CFR §§ 91.1 and 91.203 must be available to
     the PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is
     operating. These documents must be made available to the Administrator or
     any law enforcement official upon request.

29. The UA must remain clear and yield the right of way to all other manned
     operations and activities at all times pncluding, but not limited to, ultralight
     vehicles, parachute activities, parasailing activities, hang gliders, etc.).

30. UAS operations may not be conducted during the night, as defined in 14 CFR §
     1.1. AII operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions
     (VMC). Flights under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

31. The UA may not operate in class B, C, or D airspace wRhout written approval
     from the FAA. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of the geographic
     center of non-towered airport as denoted on a current FAA-published
     aeronautical chart unless a letter of agreement within the airport's management
     is obtained, and the operation is conducted in accordance with a NOTAM as
     required by the operator's COA. The letter of agreement wfth the airport
     management must be made available to the Administrator upon request.

32. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
     boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be
     reported to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours.
     Accidents must be reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB)
     per instructions contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.00v. Further flight
     operations may not be conducted until the incident, accident, or transgression
     is reviewed by AFS-8- and authorization to resume operations I provided.
Suouort for Petition for Exemotion

In accordance with the procedural requirements of 14 C.F.R. § 11.81, I provide the
following information:
Contact Information:

Neil B. Sulish
2006 Long Beach Boulevard
Surf City, NJ 08008
(609) 234-0864
Nei1Su lishOvah oo.com
Reaulatorv Provisions from which I seek an Ecemotion

I believe ft may need an exemption from the following provisions to conduct the
contemplated operations. In some instances, relief is needed because relief form
another provisions renders compliance with the regulation at hand infeasible.

333 Aircraft Ecemption Status
14 C.F.R. §61.113(a) and (b)
14 C.F.R. §91.119(c)
14 C.F.R. §91.121
14 C.F.R. §91.151
14 C.F.R. §91.405(a)
14 C.F.R. §91.407(a)
14 C.F.R. §91.409(a)(1)&(2)
14 C.F.R. §91.417(a)&(b)
I believe an exemption is only needed form the above-listed regulatory provisions. To
the extent that the FAA believes that additional relief is required for me to conduct
the operations described here, I request an exemption from any such regulatory
provisions as well.

The Exten_t_of_Requested Relief and the Reasons Relief is Needed

Section 333 Aircraft Exemntion Status:

Section 333 of the Modernization Act authorizes the FAA to exempt the aircraft from
the requirement for an airworthiness certificate based on a consideration of the size,
weight, speed, operational capability of the particular UAS, as well as its proximity tc
airports and populated areas. An analysis of these criteria demonstrates that the
sUAS operated without an ainvorthiness certificate in the areas and under the
conditions contemplated by myself will be at least as safe, or safer, than a
conventional aircraft (fixed wing or rotorcraft) operating with an airworthiness
certificate without the condftions proposed in this request.

The sUAS is less than 55 Ibs. fully loaded, carries neither a pilot nor passenger, and
operates exclusively within a secured area. Unlike other civil aircraft, operations
under this exemption will be tightly controlled and monitored by the operator and
observer. Operations will be conducted in compliance within the FAA and with local
public safety requirements to provide security for the area of operation as is now
done with conventional equipment, infrastructure, bridge and out building
evaluation. These safety enhancements provide an expanded degree of safety to
the inspectors over conventional operations. Lastly, application of these same
crReria demonstrates that there is no credible threat to national security posed by
the sUAS due to its size, speed of operation, lack of explosive materials and inability
to carry an extensive external load.

Given the size and limfted operating area associated wfth the aircraft to be utilized
by the Applicant, this meets the requirements of an equivalent level of safety under
Part 11 and Sections 333 of the Reform Act. The Federal Aviation Act (49 U.S.C.
§44701(f)) and Section 333 of the Reform Act both authorize the FAA to exempt
aircraft for the requirement for an ainvorthiness certificate, upon consideration of the
size, weight, speed, operational capability, and proximity to airports and populated
areas of the particular sUAS. In all cases, an analysis of these criteria demonstrates
that the UAS operated without an ainaorthiness certificate, in the restricted
environment and under the conditions proposed will be at least safe, or safer, than a
conventional aircraft (fixed wing or rotorcraft) operating with an airworthiness
certificate without the restrictions and conditions proposed.
14 C.F.R. §61.113(a) and (b)

          §61.113 Private Pilot privileges and limitations: Pilots in command.

          (a) Except as provided in paragraphs (b) through (h) of this section, no
         person who holds a private pilot certificate may act as pilot in command of
         an aircraft that is carrying passengers or property for compensations or hire;
         nor may that person, for compensation or hire, act as pilot in command of an
         aircraft.

         (b) A private pilot may, for compensation or hire, act as pilot in command of
         an aircraft in connection with any business of employment if:

          (1)The flight is only incidental to that business or employment; and

          (2)The aircraft does not carry passengers or property for compensation or
         hire.

           I plan on conducting all sUAS operations, while I do not hold a commercial
pilot license, the sUAS will not carry property for compensation or hire since it will be
used solely to perform operations at hand. Without an exemption, I would be
required to hold a commercial pilot certificate under §61.133. However, the risk
associated with the contemplated operations is less than the risk posed by a
traditional aircraft. The sUAS will fly at altitudes well below the permissible limits for
other civil aircraft, eliminated the risk to other aircraft, and within a geographical
envelope under the sole control of myself. Accordingly, the risk would be limited to
myself, as I will be appropriately outfitted in safety gear, and my property on the
ground. Requiring a commercial pilot certificate would provide no appreciable safety
benefit and would needlessly impose additional cost on myself. Because the
contemplated operations would not comply with §61.113(b)(1) and none of the
other exceptions to paragraph (a) apply, relief is needed from both paragraphs (a)
and (b).
14 C.F.R. 91.119(0)

          §91.119 Minimum safe altitudes: General.

          Except when necessary for takeoff or landing, no person may operate an
        aircraft below the following altitudes:

        (c) Over other than congested areas. An altitude of 500 feet above the
        surface, except over open water or sparsely populated areas. In those cases,
        the aircraft may not be operated closer than 500 feet to an person, vessel,
        vehicle, or structure

          I submit that the only relief it requires from §91.119 is from the minimum
altitudes listed in paragraph (c). Relief is required from paragraph (c) for fixed wing
operations because asset evaluation conducted at 500 feet or higher is insufficiently
distinct to be meaningful. Since operations at this altitude also pose a heightened
risk of collision with another aircraft, safety can only be assured through a grant of
an exemption. The anticipated rotorcraft operations should be adequately
addressed by paragraph (d)(1). Additionally, relief should not be needed from
paragraph (a) because an emergency landing of the aircraft due to power failure will
not create an undue hazard to persons or property on the surface. As noted in the
depletion of why an exemption will not adversely affect safety, I have exclusive use
of the land over with the sUAS will be operated, and public access is usually
restricted. It also has exclusive use of significant portions of land adjacent to the
infrastructure and structures that will be objects of evaluation and analysis. My
clients will tightly unreal access to land and have the ability to assure that no
individuals unassisted with the planned operations are on the affected land. As
such, the risk of injury is minimal. I do not contemplate conduction operations over
congested areas, so relief is not request from paragraph (b).
14 C.F.R. 91.121

         14 C.F.R § 91.121 Altimeter Settings

         This regulation requires each person operating an aircraft to maintain
       cruising altitude by reference to an altimeter that is set "...to the elevation of
       the departure airport or an appropriate aRimeter setting available before
       departure."

       _+.,.

         As the sUAS may not be a barometric aftimeter, but instead a GPS altitude
read out, an exemption may be needed. An equivalent level of safety will be
achieved by the operator, pursuant to the Manual and Safety Check list, confirming
the altitude of the launch site shown on the GPS altitude indicator before flight.

Altitude information will be provided to the sUAS pilot via a digftally encoded
telemetric data fee,d which downlinks from the aircraft to a ground-based on-screen
display, This altitude information will be generated by equipment installed on board
the aircraft, using GPS triangulation, or digitally encoded barometric altimeter, or
radio altimeter, or any combination thereof. Prior to each flight a zero altftude
initiation point will be established and confirmed for accuracy by the pilot.

14 C.F.R. 91.151

         Operating the sUAS in a pre-defined area with less than 30 minutes of
reserve fuel does not raise the type of risk contemplated by §91.151, i.e., that an
airoraft could run out of fuel in the event that it has to be flown to an alternate airport
or circle that planned airport in the event of unanticipated conditions. I do not
indeed to use the sUAS for point-to-point flights and will not operate the sUAS
beyond visual line of sight. Nor will the sUA require an airport in order to land.
Rather, I will operate the sUAS will be pre-planned flight paths (taking into account
weather conditions) designed to allow the sUAS to fly to the point of intended
landing. As such, there is no need for a time-based excess fuel requirement. Rather
it should be sufficient to require only as much additional excess flight capaciry as
necessary to safely land the sUAS. I believe that a 25% battery reserve is more than
sufficient to meet the objective.
14 C.F.R. 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 14 C.F.R. 91,409(a)(1)&(2) and 14 C.F.R.
91.417(a)&(B)

          §91.405 Maintenance required.

          Each owner or operator of an aircraft -

         (a) Shall have that aircraft inspected as prescribed in subpart E of this part
        and shall between required inspections, except as provided in paragraph (c)
        of this section, have discrepancies repaired as prescribed in part 43 of this
        chapter;

        §91.407 Operation after maintenance, preventive maintenance,
        rebuilding, or alteration.

     (a) No person may operate any aircraft that has undergone maintenance,
          rebuilding or alteration unless -

(1) It has been approved for return to senrice by a person authorized under 43.7 of
     this chapter

§91.4091nspections

(a) Except as provided in paragraph (c) of this section, no person may operate an
aircraft unless, within the preceding 12 calendar months it has had _
(1) An annual inspection in accordance with part 43 of this chapter and has been

     approved for return to service by a person authorized by §43.7 of this chapter;
     or

(2) An inspection for the issuance of an ainvorthiness certificate in accordance with
     part 21 of this chapter.

§91.417 (a)&(b)
          I believe that an exemption form these three maintenance requirements i
approbate because the FAA has not developed maintenance standards that would
allow an operator to meet the part 91 maintenance requirements. In particular, there
are no individuals authorized by the FAA to approve a sUAS for return to service
inspections required by §91.409(a) or conduct the initial airworthiness and annual
return to service inspections required by §91.409(a). I will maintain the aircraft as
instructed in the owner's manual and ASTM F2909, where applicable, and will not
operate the aircraft until it has reasonably determined that any needed repairs have
been made. However, because of the technical impossibility of ineeting the
requirements of §§91.405(a), 407(a), 409(a) and 417(a)&(b), I believe an exemption
from these provisions is appropriate.

Please do not hesitate to contact me at the phone number or via the e-mail address
provided above should you have any questions or concerns.

          Respectfully submitted,

 /A/ 6 W,

          Neil B. Sulish
