September 16, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12878
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA-2015­2173

Mr. Dante Robinson and Ms. Natasha Nash
New Heights Aerial Photography LLC
12619 Second Branch Road
Chesterfield, VA 23838

Dear Mr. Robinson and Ms. Nash:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated April 21, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of New Heights Aerial Photography LLC (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an
exemption. The petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to
conduct professional photography and videography services.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a Phantom 2 Vision+.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
                                                                                                                 2

aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, New Heights Aerial Photography LLC is granted an
exemption from 14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a),
91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and
91.417(a) and (b), to the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform
aerial data collection. This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed
below.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                             3

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, New Heights Aerial Photography LLC is hereafter referred to as
the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the Phantom 2 Vision+
    when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any
    other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are not
    permitted.

3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
    exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
    compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
    airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
    aircraft manufacturer.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.

    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
    electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
    must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
    required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
                                                                                                            4

    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.
                                                                                                            5

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.
                                                                                                            6

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

    The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
    nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
    reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
    contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.
                                                                                                                 7

 If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
 television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                                                 8

This exemption terminates on September 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,
/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
New Heights Aerial Phot~graphy LLC
12619 Second Branch Ro d
Chesterfield, VA 23838

April21 , 2015

U.S. Dept. ofTranspo;tttion, Docket Operations
West Building Ground ~loor, Room Wl2-140
 1200 New Jersey Avenfe, SE
Washington, DC 20590

Exemption Request under Section 333 of the FAA Reform Act and Part 11 of the
Federal Aviation Regull tions

Dear Sir or Madam:

Pmsuant to Section 33~oftbe FAA Modemization and Reform Act of2012 (the

"Reform Act") and 14 "-i.F.R . Part 11 , New Hei~ts Aerial Photography LLC (CAY)

seeks an exemption fr;oederal Aviation Regul tions ("FARs") detailed below for the
following described U anned Aerial System c · led in this application the CAV
System, which includes Phantom 2 Vision+, uad-copter Unmanned Aircraft (UAS)
and ground station-baser equipment and crew.

New Heights Aerial Photography LLC wishes to serve our community by providing
professional photograph and videography servi9es for various markets detailed in the
following paragraphs.

The requested exemptio would support an appliEtion for a commercial Certificate of
Authorization to use the above CAY system to c nduct aerial photography, videography
and cinematography to nhance real estate, insur ce, special event, and land
development industries. We plan to serve centra' Virginia and surrounding areas.

The UA, powered by baheries, is smaller, lighter requires no fuel, and more

maneuverable than lar· ~ aircraft rwming on cot bustible fuel, it operates at lower

altitudes with no people on board and will therebr reduce current risk levels and thereby
enhance safety and d. · ish the likelihood of de4th or serious bodily injury. With a
small payload and maxitpum flight time of only 25 minutes with maximum air speed of
30 knots, this is offers little or no risk to national security.

Low-level oblique phot sand video from severa angles are far more effective than
ground-based imagery fi r displaying the charact ristics of large, complex properties
with several buildings a d large trees. Full-sized helicopters have proven more costly
than many potential clie ts have been able to af£ rd. The benefits of reduced cost and
wluimproved quality of presentation from the UA be valuable to and benefit many

buyers and sellers of real property.

Additionally, we reques that we be allowed to u~e our system to benefit first responders
nearby who might requ· e assistance, including fire fighters, the police, the sheriff, et al.,
while remaining subjec to all limitations cited · tlus application as we do so

The CAV System woul be as follows:

THE PHANTOM 2 VI ION+ UNMANNED CRAFT (UA):

· A lightweight (rna imum gross weight of potmds), electric motors powered by

     batteries and oper ted with four rotors in t e fonn of a quad-copter that takes off
     dJI,and lands vertica ly, manufactured by
                                                PHANTOM 2 VISION+, 3-axel

     camera stabilization system;

· An on-board flight computer with GPS na, .gation and location ability that
  receives signals for flight contro s from a ground-based
  transmitter/control er;

· An on-board tele1 etry system that deliver~ flight data from the on-board flight

  computer to the o -board radio transmitter including altitude AGL, horizontal
  a~d vertical speed compass direction of 1ight and direction back to its lalmch
  stte;

· A 5.8GHz on-boar radio transmitter that rsmits live video from the on-board
  camera plus all tJ>e flight data from the telemetry system described above;
  Frequency 2462MHz

THE GROUND STA~ION-BASED PART OFITHE SYSTEM:
  · A Pilot in Command (PIC) in operational control of a ilight operation from
    beginning to end and who controls the UA ~hile in the air;
  · A lOOmw, 2.4G~ radio transmitter/controller operated by the PIC to control
    the UA while in flight;

  · A radio receiver r ceiving live video and flight data from the on-board
    camera and comp ter projects it all together onto a screen for the PIC to
    view during flight;

  · A Visual Observ~ (VO) is a person wh provides a second pair of eyes to
    visually track the J A while in flight.

TFAheACPAoVlicSyyNste8m90w0i.2ll2b1eSoepcetiroante1d4in"Otlp1eerfaiteildonwa~~tRh ebqouthireamPeInCtsanfodraUVAOS"inanadccworitdhanthcee with
                                    I
following Restrictions:

(a) No flight will be !made witl1 a UA Gross ~ight exceeding 55 pow1ds;
(b) All operations ~I!St occur in FAA Class airspace at no more than 400 ft. AGL, at

     an airspeed of n more ilian 25 knots and o further than 3/4 NM from the PIC;

(c) All operations st utilize a visual obsenlter (VO). The VO and PIC must be able to

(d)  communicate by      veoriecsetraitcatelldtitmo eflsigdhutrsinog~earflpirgihvtaotepeprraotpioenrt;y  with  the  pennission  of             the
     Operations will

     property owner;

(e) The PIC must ha e accmnulated and logg d, in a manner consistent witll 14 CFR §

     61.51 (b), a mini urn of 100 flight cycles and 25 hours of total time as a UA rotorcraft
     pilot and at least en hours logged as a U pilot with a similar UA type;
  (f) All required pen ·ts will be obtained fro1 state and local government prior to operation;
  (g) The CAV Syste will not be operated ov r densely populated areas;
  (h) TheCA V Syste will not be operated at ir shows;
  (i) The CAV Syste will not be operated ovf any open-air assembly of people;
  G) The CAV Syste will not be operated ov r heavily trafficked roads;
  (k) The CAV Syste will not be operated wi in 5 NM of an airport or heliport;
  (1) The CAV Syster will not be operated ov r prope1ties smaller than two acres in size;
  (m) Operations will b restricted to day only d weather conditions equivalent to VFR;
  (n) The PIC will bri 1f the VO and property wner about the operation and risk before the

        first flight at eacl new location;
  (o) No flight may b made without a Pre-Fii ht Inspection by the PTC before each operation

        to ascertain that t e UA is in a conditions e for flight. (see Appendix A)

The PIC and YO will eet the requirements o lined in FAA Policy N 8900.227 Section 16
personnel Qualificatio s. Additionally, the PIC and VO will perform maintenance on the
system and will compl te a course of maintena ce instruction as part of their initial training.
qualified flight crew a strict operation under he guidelines established in 8900.227, and
under all of the Restric ions (a) through ( o) lis ed above, the FAA can have full confidence
that the operation will ave an equivalent or gr ater level of safety than manned aircraft
performing the same m ssion

How this Request Will enefit the Public As

Granting this exemptio request furthers the p lie interest. First, Congress has already
pronounced that it is in the public's interest to i tegrate commercially flown UASs into the
national airspace syste , hence the passing of e Reform Act. Second, New Heights Aerial
Photography conducts esearch into safe UAS fperations every time it flies its UAS. Flight
data, visual inspections recorded observations nd flight analyses are compiled to further
enhance current safety rotocols. Allowing us log more flight time directly relates to our
research and our abili to further enhance curr nt safety measures. Third, the public has an
interest in reducing the danger and emission as ociated with current aerial cinematic capture
methods, namely, full s·z e helicopters. Our U is battery powered and creates no emissions.
In the unlikely event o r UA crashes there is n fuel to ignite and explode. The impact of our
lightweight UA is negl"gible when compared t a full size helicopter, notwithstanding the
statistically noteworthy safety record of full si helicopters used in motion picture capture.
The public's interest is furthered by minimizin ecological and crash impacts by permitting
photo and motion pictu e capture through our I ghtweight UA.

Progression of the arts nd sciences has been f ndamental to our society since its inclusion in
the United States Cons itution. Indeed, Congre s mandated the integration ofUASs into our
national airspace syste , in part, to achieve pr~gression in this noteworthy, and inevitable,
field. Permitting New eights Aerial Photogr~ahy LLC to immediately fly within the United
States furthers these go Is. Whether it is the a algam of scientific discoveries applicable to
feature film making (in luding those drawing pon architecture, physics, engineering and
cultural inclusiveness) o advancements in pub icly usable technologies or advancements in
equipment available to aw enforcement perso:_rel I first responders that does not cost
millions of dollars, gra ting this exemption re uest substantially furthers the public's interest
in ways known and c ently unknown.
Granting this request w'll also allow small busi ess owners and home owners to be able to
afford high quality aeri I images and video tha1they would otherwise have no access to due
to several factors, cost teing the largest.

Attached are supportin~documents from them nufacture of the Phantom 2 Vision+. All

attached documents ha e been studied and will be periodically reviewed by our PIC.

    · DJI Phantom V sion 2+ Users Manual
    · DJI Phantom V sion 2+ Quick Start Gu de
    · DJI Phantom V sion 2+ Pilot Training uide
    · Smart Flight B ery Safety Guidelines

Our Virginia State Cor oration Commission L C paperwork is also attached for your

review. (SCC ID: S548 301)

The Contact Informati n for the applicants is fi ,llows:

New Heights Aerial Ph tography LLC
12619 Second Branch oad
Chesterfield, VA 2383
804-476-8505

Dante Robinson
OOdrobOO(@.gmail.com

Natasha Nash
Tashagop@aol.com

The Title 14 Code of ederal Regulations fro which the exemptions are requested and listed
below. Beside each re ation number is the p ge of the attached Addendum upon which each
may be found together ith our proposed equiva ent level of safety fol' each regulation:

- 14 CFR Part 21 .. .... . .. . .... ........... .. ....... . ...... Addendum Page 4
- 14 CFR 45.23(b) ....... ........ . ..... . .. . .. . .......... Addendum Page 4
- 14 CFR 6l.I 13(a); 61.113(b); .... .. .. .... ...... . . ... Addendum Page 4
- 14 CFR 91.7(a); 91.9 )(2); 91.103(b) ............ Addendum Page 4
- 14 CFR 91.109 ; 91.1 9; 91.121.. ................. . Addendum Page 3
- 14 CFR 91.15 1 (a); 91.203(a) & (b) ............... Addendum Page 4
- 14 CFR Subpart E (9 .405(a) ; 91.407(a)(l) .... .. Addendum Page 4
- 14 CFR Subpart E (9 .409(a)(2); 91.417(a) & (b)) Addendum Page 4
 -FAA Policy 8900 .227 Paragraph 16(c)(4) and ' aragraph 16(e)(l) ... Addendum Page 4

 We are prepared to mo ify or amend any part o this request to satisfy the need for an
 equivalent level of safe . Please contact us at y time if you require additional information
 or clarification. We loo forward to working wit your office.
Sincerely and respectf lly,
Dante Robinson

Natasha Nash
                                                 ADDENDUM

             EXEMPTI N REQUESTS AND ErUIVALENT LEVEL OF SAFETY

FNew Heights Aerial Ph~tography LLC, requests exemption from the following regulations as

well as any additional r gulations that may tec,cally apply to the operation of the CAV
System:

14 CFR Part 21, Subpartt H: Airworthiness Certificates
21 .191 Experimental cerificates.
Experimental certificate are issued for the folloring purposes:
(a) Research and devel pmcnt. Testing new airjcraft design concepts, new aircraft equipment,
new aircraft installation , new aircraft operating techniques, or new uses for aircraft.
(b) Showing complianc with regulations. Conducting flight tests and other operations to show
compliance with the · orthiness regulations including flights to show compliance for issuance of
type and supplemental e certificates, fli ghts t3 substantiate major design changes, and flights to
show compliance with e function and reliabili~ requirements of the regulations.

Section 45.23(b) presc~· es that when marks inclfde only the Roman capital letter "N" and the
registration number is d splayed on limited, res~'cted or light-sport category aircraft or experimental
or provisionally certific ted aircraft, the operator must also display on that aircraft near each
entrance to the cabin, c ckpit, or pilot station, in etters not less than 2 inches nor more than 6 inches
high, the words "limitj " "restricted," "light-spo ,""experimental," or "provisional," as applicable.

Section 61.113(a) and (lp) prescribes that-

         (a) no person who holds a private pilo certificate may act as a pilot in command of an
aircraft that is carryingJpassengers or property or compensation or hire; nor may that person, for
compensation or hire, a t as pilot in command o an aircraft.

         (b) a private pil t may, for compensatio[ or hire, act as pilot in command of an aircraft in
connection with any bu iness or employment if:

                   (1) The ight is only incidental t l that business or employment; and

                   (2) The aircraft does not carry ~assengers or property for compensation or
                        hire. [

~Section 91 .7(a) prescrib s that no person may operate a civil aircraft w1less it is in an airworthy

condition.

Section 91.7 (b) prescri es that the pilot in com and of a civil aircraft is responsible for
determining whether th t aircraft is in condition or safe flight and that the PIC shall discontinue the
flight when un airwort41 mechanical, electrical, or structural conditions occur.

Section 91.9(b)(2) pro bits operation ofU.S.-rebstered civil aircraft unless there is available in

                                                                                                        Addendum Page 4 of 10
Rotor~raftthe aircraft a current apJ roved Airplane or  Flight Manual, approved manual material,

markings, and placards,lor any combination thereof.

Section 91.1 03 (b) presf ribes that a pilot shall fi r any flight, become familiar with runway
lengths at airports ofintended use, and takeoff a d landing distance information.

Section 91.1 09( a) pres ribes, in pe1tinent prut, t 1at no person may operate a civil aircraft.(except a
manned free balloon) th tis being used for flight instruction unless that aircraft has fully
functioning dual control .

Section 91 .119 prescribys that, except when necessary for takeoff or landing, no person may
operate an aircraft belo'f the following altitudes:

    (a) Anywhere. An ~titude allowing, if a po er unit fails, an emergency landing without undue
         hazard to perso s or property on the surface.

    (b) Over congested areas. Over any conges led area of a city, town, or settlement, or over any
         open air assem ly of persons, an altitud of 1,000 feet above the highest obstacle within a

        horizontal radiu of 2,000 feet of the a:i.rc ·aft.

     (c) Over other than congested areas. An alti ude of 500 feet above the surface, except over open
         water or sparse! populated areas. In tho e cases, the aircraft may not be operated closer than
         500 feet to atly r rson, vessel, vehicle, 0 structure.

     (d) Helicopters, po ered parachutes, and weight-shift-control aircraft. If the operation IS
         conducted with ut hazard to persons or roperty on the surface-

          (1) A helicopte~ may be operated at less ~an the minimums prescribed in paragraph
               (b) or (c) of this section, provided rch person operating the helicopter complies with
              any routes altitudes specifically p scribed for helicopters by the FAA; and

                                                                                                                                                                                                        1

          (2) A powered arachute or weight-shiijt-control aircraft may be operated at less than
              the minimu s prescribed in paragrarlh (c) of tlus section.

Section 91 .121 require , in pertinent part, eaclJ person operating atl aircraft to maintain cruising
altitude by reference to an altimeter that is set ivailable within 100 NM of the aircraft " ... to the
elevation ofthe departure airport or an approprij e altimeter setting available before departure."

Section 91.151 (a) prescribes that no person rna~ begin a flight in an airplane tmder VFR
conditions unless (const'dering wind and forecas~ weather conditions) there is enough fuel to fly to
the first point of intend d landing and, assuming normal cruising speed, ( l) during the day, to fly

after that for al least 30 . irtutes [emphasis adder

Section 91.203(a) pro · its, in pertinent part, an person from operating a civil aircraft unless it
has within it (1) an app opriate and current airw ' rthiness certificate; and (2) an effective
U.S. registration certifi ate issued to its owner o , for operation within the United States, the

                                                                                                                  Addendum Page 5 of 10
second copy of the Airc aft registration Applica on as provided for in § 4 7.31 (c).

Section 91.203(b) presc ibes, in pertinent part, tl t no person may operate a civil aircraft unless the
airworthiness certificate or a special flight autho~·zation issued under § 91.715 is displayed at the
cabin or cockpit entranc so that it is legible top ssengers or crew.

At a maximum gross w ight of 5.3 pow1ds, the A is too small to carry documentation, does not
have an entrance, and is not capable of carrying assengers or crew. To obtain an equivalent level of
safety and meet the inte t of 91 .203, we propose at documents deemed appropriate for this aircraft
by the FAA will be co-l cated with the crew at t e ground control station and available for
inspection upon request.

Section 91.405(a) reqt · es, in pertinent part, that an aircraft operator or owner shall havetl1at aircraft
inspected as prescribed subpart E of the same art and shall, between required inspections, except
as provided in paragrap (c) of tl1e same section, have discrepancies repaired as prescribed in part
43 ofthe chapter.

Section 91.407(a)(l) pr hibits, in pertinent part, y person from operating an aircraft thathas

1undergone maintenance preventive maintenan~c , rebuilding, or alteration unless it has been

approved for return to s rvice by a person autho ·zed under§ 43.7 of the same chapter.

Section 91.409(a)(2) pr scribes, in pertinent p that no person may operate an aircraft tmless,
within the preceding 12 calendar months, it has td an inspection for the issuance of an
airworthiness ce1tificat in accordance with part( of this chapter.

Section 91.417(a) and ) prescribes, in pertinen1 part, that-

          (a) Each registe ed owner or operator sh 11 keep the following records for the periods
          specified in par graph (b) of this section

                    (1) Rec rds of the maintenance, reventive maintenance, and alteration and records
                    of the 1 0-hour, annual, progres ive, and other required or approved inspections, as

                              ate, for each aircraft (inc uding the airframe) and each engine, propeller,
                    rotor, d appliance of an aircra . The records must include-

                               i) A description (or re renee to data acceptable to the
                                dministrator) of the wo k perfonned; and

                               ii) The date of completi n of the work performed; and

                               iii) The signature, and ,ertificate number of the person approving the
                               · craft for return to se

                                                              ing information:

                               i) The total time in se ·ce of the airframe, each engine, each

                                                                                                                   Addendum Page 6 of 10
            f ropeller, and each rotor.

            ~ii) The current status o~ life-limited parts of each airframe, engine,

             ropeller, rotor, and appliance.

             iii) The time since last fl verhaul of all items installed on the aircraft
              hich are required to be verhauled on a specified time basis.

            iv) The current inspecti n status of the aircraft, including the time
             ince the last inspection required by the inspection program under
              hich the aircraft and its appliances are maintained.

            v) The current status of applicable airworthiness directives (AD) and
            safety directives includillf, for each, the method of compliance, the AD or

            ~afety directive number nd revision date. If the AD or safety directive

            involves recurring action the time and date when the next action is required.

            vi) Copies of the forms rescribed by§ 43.9(d) of tl1is chapter for each
             ajor alteration to tl1e · rame and currently installed engines, rotors,
            ropellers, and appliance .

(b) The owner r operator shall retain thj following records for the periods prescribed:

            (1) Thef ecords specified in parlraph (a)(l) of this section shall be retained until
            the wor is repeated or superse ed by other work or for 1 year after the work is

            perform d.

            (2) The ecords specified in par graph (a)(2) of this section shall be retained and
                           1

            transfe1 ed with the aircraft at tht time the aircraft is sold.

            (3) A 1~1t of defects furnished tor registered owner ot' operator under

            § 43.11 of this chapter shall be Jtained until the defects are repaired and the
            aircraft s approved for return to ervice.

Concluding, the Phanto n 2  Vision+ aircraft (U ) will not carry persons or propetty, w ill not
                            under strict operatiohal requirements. Combined with the UA's
carry fuel, and will onl~y

lightweight, being cons cted primarily of carbJn fiber and plastic, we propose that the UA will

be at least as safe, if no safer, than a conventionally certificated aircraft performing the same

lTilSStOn.

If an aiiworthiness cet tcate is not appropriate for tllis application, then we request an exemption

of 14 CFR Part 21, Sub art H, and the requiremlnt for an airwortl1iness certificate in general, citing
the equivalent level of afety.

The UA is battery oper ted and the maximum d ation of flight from a single battery charge is 25
minutes witl1 a 20% res rve. Since the aircraft w 11 never fly more than 3/4 NM from the

                                                                                                        Addendum Page 7 of 10
point of intended landint a full battery charge at law1ch will ensure that we meet the reserve
energy requirement oftl}.is paragraph. We reques an exemption to the word "fuel" and ask for an
equivalent interpretatiod with the word "energy".

It is our intention that th PIC perform maintena ce and inspection of the aircraft and "be
authorized to approve t e aircraft for return to sefice." As provided in the Pre-Flight Checklist in
Appendix A, the PIC wi 1ensure that the aircraft is in an airworthy condition prior to every flight
and in addition conduct etailed inspections aftc every two hours of flight.

Maintenance performed by the PIC is limited to ~epairing small cracks, replacing a propeller,
checking electrical co~ections and updating sortare and firmware for the on-board computer. All

other maintenance will be performed by the manfacturer or designated repair facility. The PIC
will document work performed in accordance wi h 91.417. We feel that due to the size,

construction, and simpli ity of the aircraft, the P can ensure an equivalent level of safety.

The UA maximwn gros~ weight is 3.0 pounds and the PIC is not on board. Both the PIC and the YO
are required to be in YLbS. Given the unlikely efent that both the PIC and YO become medically
incapacitated while the Jircraft is in flight, the U will retwn autonomously to the site of launching
and land without crew · tervention.

Therefore, requiring the PIC and YO to meet the same medical requirements as a commercial
pilot carrying passenger in a large aircraft is an necessary burden.

The UA will always fly ~elow 400 feet AGL and will not need to maintain cmising altitudes in
order to prevent conflict with other aircraft. An bove Ground Level altimeter measurement
above takeoff point is trrsmitted via radio from A on-board computer to display screen held
by the PIC, providing a f onstant updated AGL readout.

We propose that the miq.imum medical requirements for the PIC and YO be vision corrected to
20/20 and a valid, state issued driver's license. T 1e 20/20 vision requirement will ensure that the

PIC and YO can see an avoid air traffic; a licen ed driver is medically qualified to operate a much
larger vehicle.

UAS Operating Parame ers

The petitioner states th he will abide by the fol owing additional operating conditions w1der tllis

exemption :               I

· operate his UAS below 300 feet and witliin a radius distance of 1000 feet from the

   controller to both aid in direct line of sig~t visual observation; 1

· operate the U AI for 15 minutes per flig~t;

land his UAS rior to the manufacturer's recommended minimum level of battery

power;

· operate his UA only within visual line ~f sight (YLOS);

· use the UAS' gJ , bal positioning system ( PS) flight safety feature whereby it hovers

and then slowly lands if communication ith the remote control pilot is lost;

conduct all ope ations under his own pe 'Onal and flight safety protocols (including

posting a wan g sign reading: "Attenti n Aerial Photography in Progress- Remain

                                                           Addendum Page 8 of 10
    Back 150 feet" contained in the operafng documents and will actively analyze flight
    data and other sources of information to constantly update and enhance his safety
    protocols;
· contact respecti e airports if operations ill be within 5 miles to advise them of his
    estimated flight time, flight duration, ele ation of flight and otl1er pertinent
    information;
· always obtain I necessary permissions rior to operation; and
· have procedure in place to abort flights the event of safety breaches or potential
    danger.

                                                                                                              Addendum Page 9 of 10
                     APPENDIX A- F IGHT MANUAL

(a) No flight will be · de with a UA Gross we ght exceeding 55 pounds;
(b) All operations mu t occur in FAA Class airspace at no more than 400' AGL, at an

    airspeed of no mor than 25 knots and no ft~her than 3/4 NM from the PIC;
(c) All oper~tions mu t utilize a_ visual o_bserv ~ (YO). Th~ YO and PIC must be able to

    commumcate verb .lly at all ttmes dunng a · tght operatiOn;
(d) Operations will b restricted to flights ov r private property with the permission ofthe

    property owner;
(e) The PIC must hav accumulated and logge , in a manner consistent with 14 CFR § 61.51 (b), a

     minimum of 100 fl ght cycles and 25 hours ftotal time as a UA rotorcraft pilot and at least ten
    hours logged as a A pilot with a similar U type;
(f) All required permi swill be obtained from tate and local government prior to operation;
(g) The CAY System ill not be operated over densely populated areas;
(h) The CAY System ill not be operated at a· shows;
(i) The CAY System ill not be operated over any open-air assembly of people;
G) The CAY System ill not be operated over heavily trafficked roads;
(k) The CAV System '11 not be operated witl · 5 NM of an airport or heliport;
(1) The CAY System ill not be operated over properties smaller than two acres in size;
(m) Operations will b restricted to day only ~f. weather conditions equivalent to YFR;
(n) The PIC will brie the YO and property o ner about the operation and risk before the
     first flight at each ew location;

(o) No flight may be ade without a success ul Pre-Flight Inspection by the PIC before each
     operation to ascert in that the U A is in a c ndition safe for flight.

(1) Use voltmeter to d tennine that UA batte is fully charged in order to prevent unexpected
    premature descent;

(2) Check all wiring co ections are tight;
(3) Check all propeller are undamaged and no racks exist in any structural members of the UA;
(5) Turn on radio con oiler, check for adequat voltage, set it to connect to the UA, move all

     control switches to orward or down positio and throttle control stick full back position;
(6) Connect UA main attery, check for radio c ntact with UA's radio receiver;
(7) At a location differ nt from previous flight, e-set GPS and compass to CtUTent location;
(8) Tum on transmitter gimbal and camera.

TO REGAIN CONT                                IOCONTACT

  1.                 If radio contact is n , t restored, the UA
 2. Throttle = 50°/
 3. Mode = A TTl     will a~tomatically c ntinue at SOft.
 4. Failsafe= OFF
                     above its last eleva ion before losing
Mode= G              contact toward its t keoff point, then
                     descend and land t ere autonomously

                                                                 Addendum Page 10 of 10
