April 17, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 11358
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2014-1110

Mr. David L. Farley
New Heights Aerial Media, LLC
2400 Amara Drive
Toledo, OH 43617

Dear Mr. Farley:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

The Basis for Our Decision

By letter dated December 29, 2014, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration
(FAA) on behalf of New Heights Aerial Media, LLC (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an
exemption. The exemption would allow the petitioner to operate an unmanned aircraft system
(UAS) to conduct aerial photography and videography.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a Blade 350QX.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
                                                                                                                 2

provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, New Heights Aerial Media, LLC is granted an
exemption from 14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a),
91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and
91.417(a) and (b), to the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform
aerial data collection. This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed
below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, New Heights Aerial Media, LLC is hereafter referred to as
the operator.
                                                                                                                 3

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the Blade 350QX
         when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any
         other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PICmust
         be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
         documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
         Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
         limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
         the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
         Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
         documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
         operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
                                                                                                            4

    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
                                                                                                            5

    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.
                                                                                                               6

   23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
       any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
       PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
       These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
       official upon request.

   24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
       activities at all times.

   25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

   26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
       persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
          a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
             from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
             that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
             where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
             the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
             of nonparticipating persons; and
          b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
             for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
             the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
             present an undue hazard.

       The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
       nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

   27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
       permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
       Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
       obtained for each flight to be conducted.

   28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
       boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
       to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
       reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
       contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

   29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
       as documented in this grant of exemption.
                                                                                                                 7

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.

This exemption terminates on April 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service
New Heights Aerial Media
David L. Farley
2400 Amara Dr
Toledo, OH 43617
(419)754-7236
dfarley@newheightsaerialmedia.com

Date: December 29, 2014

U. S. Department of Transportation
Docket Management System
1200 New Jersey Ave.,
SE Washington, DC 20590

RE: Petition of New Heights Aerial Media, LLC for Exemption Pursuant to Section 333
of the FAA Reform Act

Attn: To whom it may concern

Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (the Reform Act)
and 14 C.F.R. Part 11, New Heights Aerial Media, LLC, operator of Small Unmanned Aircraft
Systems ("sUASs") equipped to conduct aerial photography and videography, hereby applies for
an exemption from the listed Federal Aviation Regulations ("FARs") to allow commercial
operation of its sUASs, so long as such operations are conducted within and under the conditions
outlined herein or as may be established by the FAA as required by Section 333.1

As described more fully below, the requested exemption would permit the operation of small,
unmanned and relatively inexpensive sUAS under controlled conditions in airspace that is 1)
limited 2) predetermined and 3) controlled. The proposed exemption, if granted, would allow
New Heights Aerial Media, LLC to conduct commercial operations of small unmanned aircraft
systems ("UAS") meeting or exceeding all of the operational and safety requirements Congress
has set forth in Section 333. Page 2

New Heights Aerial Media, LLC is a media/technology company owned and run by David
Farley. Mr. Farley has an Airline Transport Certificate and is type rated in two corporate jets. He
has nearly 10 years flying part 135 operations and 3 years as Chief Pilot of part 135 operations.
His total time is nearly 13,000hrs. Also, Mr. Farley has been active in Radio Controlled Aircraft
for over 40 tears with experience in fixed wing and rotary wing aircraft.
New Heights Aerial Media, LLC plans to exploit the capabilities of Unmanned Aerial Systems to
offer a multitude of services, including:
- Aerial surveying
- Event Photography/Videography
- Agriculture purposes
- Real Estate Photography
- Aerial filmmaking and photography
- Construction site inspections and monitoring
Statutory Authority Section 333, titled "Special Rules for Certain Unmanned Aircraft Systems",
provides a mechanism for seeking expedited FAA authorization of safe civil UAS operations in
the NAS. Section 333(a) states that the FAA "shall determine if certain unmanned aircraft
systems may operate safely in the national airspace system before completion of the
(comprehensive) plan and rulemaking required by section 332(b)(1) of this Act or the guidance
required by section 334 of this Act." In Section 332(b)(1), Congress made it clear that Section
333 provides a mechanism for "expedited operation authorization" if several factors are met.
Petitioner meets all requirements to permit FAA approval of commercial UAS operations.

The Petitioner Requests Relief From the Following:
Regulations from which the exemption is requested:
14 C.F.R. Part 21
14 C.F.R. 45.23 (b)
14 C.F.R. 61.113(a) and (b)
14 C.F.R. 91.7 (a)
14 C.F.R. 91.9 (b) (2)
14 C.F.R. 91.109
14 C.F.R. 91.119
14 C.F.R. 91.121Page 3
14 C.F.R. 91.151(a)
14 C.F.R. 91.203 (a) & (b)
14 C.F.R. 91.205 (b)
14 C.F.R. 91.215
14 C.F.R. (91.401 - 91.417)

Unmanned Aircraft System sUASs are oftentimes seen as superior to helicopters due to the
smaller devices cheaper equipment and personnel cost, reduced noise and as such, a much
smaller environmental impact which promotes public safety.

We are petitioning for exemption to enable New Heights Aerial Media, LLC to operate a Blade
350QX2 AP upgraded to the Version 2 firmware and equipped with a two-axis camera gimbal
and using a High-Def camera. This sUAS has a built-in capability to limit the height it flies
above the ground, to limit the radius of the distance it flies from the operator. The Blade also has
the failsafe function of the autopilot system which means when the communication between the
Main Controller and the transmitter is disconnected, the outputs of all command sticks from
controller will go to the center position. If the GPS signal is good enough, the system will
automatically trigger Return to Home and will land safely.

Please refer to the included Blade 350QX Instruction Manual for the performance limitations
and flight operations.

Aircraft weight is 24oz. with battery. The 2 Axis Camera Gimbal and Camera weigh 8oz. Gross
weight will be 36oz.
A Pre-flight inspection will be performed by the PIC in accordance with the factory instruction
manual. An added step will be the inspection of the propellers. A propeller will be replaced if it
has any nicks and cracks with a manufacturers authorized propeller.

The sUAS will be maintained in accordance with the manufacturers instruction manual and only
manufacturer's authorized replacement parts will be used.

FCC Information
This Spektrum transmitter used for controlling the sUAS complies with part 15 of the FCC
rules. Operation is subject to the following two conditions:
(1) This device may not cause harmful interference, and (2) this device must accept any
interference
received, including interference that may cause undesired operation.
The Spektrum radio transmitter used for controlling the sUAS is wireless technology which has
been tested and found to be compliant with the applicable regulations governing a radio
transmitter in the 2.400GHz to 2.4835GHz frequency range.
Antenna Separation Distance
When operating our Spektrum transmitter, the PIC will maintain a separation distance of at least
5 cm between his body (excluding fingers, hands, wrists, ankles and feet) and the antenna to
meet RF
exposure safety requirements as determined by FCC regulations.

Pilot in Command and Observer Qualifications and Duties
The PIC will maintain at least a Private Pilot Certificate and a current Class III medical
certificate, plus at least 2 hours flying time and 3 takeoffs and landings within 30 days in the type
of UAS utilized in operations.
The PIC will have at least 100 hours total time and at least 30 hours flying Radio Controlled
Model Aircraft of which will be 10 hours flying sUAS's.

Training will be conducted at a local Radio Control Club flying field. New Heights Aerial Media
has the ability to provide "dual controls" utilizing two Spektrum transmitters with a wireless link
between the transmitters. One transmitter is designated the master transmitter and the other
transmitter is designated as a slave. The PIC instructor, utilizing the master transmitter, will be
at all times be able assume control of the sUAS.

The PIC is responsible for the safe and efficient operation of the aircraft. Specific duties include
all preflight preparation, in flight operation, post flight requirements, all procedures including but
not limited to:
Safe in flight operations
Risk Mitigation to Persons and property
Airfield Suitability

The Observer must have the visual acuity to observe the sUAV and be able to communicate
clearly with the PIC.
The Observers duties are;
warning the PIC of any impending obstacles in the flight path of the sUAS.
warning the PIC of any deviations in the planned flight path of the sUAS.
warning the PIC should any unauthorized personnel appear in the area of the planned flight.
The Observer will have the authority to order the PIC to terminate the flight should he feel the
flight cannot be conducted safely.

General Operating Standards

· New Heights Aerial Media, LLC will only operate its sUAS in line of sight of a pilot and/or
observer and will operate at sites that are a 'sufficient distance' from populated areas. Such
operations will insure that the sUAS will "not create a hazard to users of the national airspace
system or the public."

· Before an operation of a sUAV within 5NM of an airport with a control tower, the control
tower will be called to gain permission to operate the sUAS. The PIC will give the position,
altitude and the times the sUAV will be operated. The sUAS will not be operated at an altitude of
over 150 feet AGL. Weather minimums will be 3 miles visibility and a 1000 foot ceiling.

Before an operation of a sUAS within 5NM of a non-tower controlled, airport operators will be
notified and the PIC will give the right of way to avoid flying in the proximity of full-scale
aircraft. At no time will the sUAV be operated within the final approach course and the takeoff
course of any runway. The sUAV will not be operated at an altitude of over 150 feet AGL.
Weather minimums will be 3 miles visibility and a 1000 foot ceiling.

· Maximum flight time for each operational flight will be 30 minutes.

· Flights will be terminated at 25% battery power reserve should that occur prior to the 30 minute
limit.

· The sUAV will be programmed so that it will not be operated at an altitude of no more than
400 feet AGL, and not more than 200 feet above an elevated platform from which filming is
planned.

· Minimum crew for each operation will consist of the sUAS Pilot, and Visual Observer.

· The sUAV operated by the petitioner weighs less than 55 pounds, including the
payload (i.e. camera, lens, and gimbals).

· The sUAV will operate at speeds of no more than 25 knots, can hover, and can simultaneously
move vertically and horizontally.

· Given the small size of the sUAV and the restricted sterile environment within which they will
operate, our sUAV operations adhere to the Reform Act's safety requirements.
The UAS, powered by batteries, is smaller, lighter and more maneuverable than larger aircraft
running on combustible fuel, it operates at lower altitudes with no people on board and will
thereby reduce current risk levels and thereby enhance safety and diminish the likelihood of
death or serious bodily injury. With a small payload and maximum flight time of only 20
minutes, this is offers little or no risk to national security.

Low level oblique photos and video from several angles are far more effective than ground based
imagery for displaying the characteristics of large, complex properties with several buildings and
large trees. The applicants in the past have chartered 2-seat full-sized helicopters for this
purpose, which has proven more costly than many potential clients have been able to afford. The
benefits of reduced cost and improved quality of presentation from the UA will be valuable to
and benefit many buyers and sellers of real property.
Additionally, we request that we be allowed to use our system to benefit first responders nearby
who might require assistance, including fire fighters, the police, the sheriff, et al., while
remaining subject to all limitations cited in this application as we do so.
(a) No flight will be made with a Gross weight exceeding 55 pounds;

(b) All operations must occur in FAA Class G airspace at no more than 400 ft AGL, at an
airspeed of no more than 25 knots and no further than 3/4 NM from the PIC;

(c) All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The VO and PIC must be able to
communicate by voice at all times during a flight operation;

(d) Operations will be restricted to flights over private property with the permission of the
property owner;

(e) All required permits will be obtained from state and local government prior to operation;

(f) New Heights Aerial Media, LLC will not be operated over densely populated areas;

(g) New Heights Aerial Media, LLC will not be operating over any open-air assembly of people;

(h) New Heights Aerial Media, LLC will not be operating over heavily trafficked roads;

(i) New Heights Aerial Media, LLC will not be operating at night.

EXEMPTION REQUESTS AND EQUIVALENT LEVEL OF SAFETY

New Heights Aerial Media, LLC requests an exemption from the following regulations as well
as any additional regulations that may technically apply to the operation of the sUAV System:

14 CFR Part 21, Airworthiness Certificates
This part establishes the procedures for the issuance of an airworthiness certificate. While the
FAA continues to work to develop airworthiness standards for Unmanned Aerial Systems, we
request an experimental certificate be issued for the Blade 350QX2 under either or
both of the following provisions:
21.191 Experimental certificates. Experimental certificates are issued for the following purposes:
(a) Research and development. Testing new aircraft design concepts, new aircraft equipment,
new aircraft installations, new aircraft operating techniques, or new uses for aircraft.
(b) Showing compliance with regulations. Conducting flight tests and other operations to
show compliance with the airworthiness regulations including flights to show compliance for
issuance of type and supplemental type certificates, flights to substantiate major design
changes, and flights to show compliance with the function and reliability requirements of the
regulations. Since the experimental certificate can be used for commercial purposes such as
market surveys, sales demonstrations, and customer crew training, we would expect that an
experimental certificate would permit our commercial purpose as well. The aircraft will not carry
persons or property, will not carry fuel, and will only fly under strict operational requirements.
Combined with the UA's light weight, being constructed primarily of carbon fiber and plastic, we
propose that the UA will be at least as safe, if not safer, than a conventionally certificated
aircraft performing the same mission. If an experimental airworthiness certificate is not
appropriate for this application, then we request an exemption of 14 CFR Part 21, Subpart H,
and the requirement for an airworthiness certificate in general, citing the equivalent level of
safety outlined in the previous paragraph.

14 CFR 45.23 Display of marks; general and 45.29 Size of marks.
These regulations provide that each aircraft must display "N" and the aircraft's registration
number in letters at least 3 inches high. Additionally, the aircraft must display the word
"EXPERIMENTAL" in letters at least 2 inches high near the entrance to the cabin, cockpit, or
pilot station. The sUAV does not have an entrance in which the word "EXPERIMENTAL" can
be placed, and may not have a registration number assigned to it by the FAA. We propose to
achieve an equivalent level of safety by including the word "EXPERIMENTAL" in the placard
on the top of the aircraft, as shown above, where the PIC (Pilot In Control), VO (Visual
Observer) and others in the vicinity of the aircraft while it is preparing for launch will be able to
see the designation. Additionally, we feel that the permanent placard discussed in the previous
paragraph will provide the aircraft's registration information at the ground station. Finally, we
will display at the ground station a high contrast flag or banner that contains the words
"Unmanned Aircraft Ground Station" in letters 3 inches high or greater. Since the aircraft will
operate within 3/4 NM of the ground station, the banner should be visible to anyone that
observes the aircraft and chooses to investigate its point of origin.

14 CFR 61.113 Private pilot privileges and limitations: Pilot in Command and 61.133
Commercial pilot privileges and limitations.
The regulation provides that no person that holds a Private Pilot certificate may act as pilot in
Command of an aircraft for compensation or hire. Subparagraph (b) allows a private pilot to act
as pilot in command of an aircraft in connection with any business or employment if: (1) The
flight is only incidental to that business or employment; and (2) The aircraft does not carry
passengers or property for compensation or hire. Our proposed operations require that the PIC
must hold at least a Private Pilot Certificate with a Class III Medical issued by the FAA and
since the aircraft cannot carry passengers or property, we feel we meet the intent of 61.113
Subparagraph (b) even though the intent of this application is to conduct a business.
14 CFR 91.7 Prohibits the Operation of an aircraft without an airworthiness certificate. As
no such certificate will be applicable in the form contemplated by the FARs, this Regulation is
inapplicable.

14 CFR 91.9 Civil aircraft flight manual, marking, and placard requirements.
This regulation provides that no person may operate an aircraft unless a current, approved flight
manual is in the aircraft. We assume that the intent of this requirement is to ensure that flight
manual information is available to the aircrew while operating the aircraft. We request an
exemption to this requirement since the aircraft is not only too small to carry documentation, the
documentation would not be available to the crew during flight operations. To obtain an
equivalent level of safety and meet the intent of 91.9, we propose that a current, approved sUAS
Flight Manual must be available to the crew at the ground station anytime the aircraft is in, or
preparing for, flight.

14 CFR 91.109 Flight Instruction; Simulated instrument flight and certain flight tests
The regulation states that "No person may operate a civil aircraft that is being used for flight
instruction unless that aircraft has fully functioning dual controls." Training will be conducted at
a local Radio Control Club flying field. New Heights Aerial Media has the ability to provide
"dual controls" utilizing two Spektrum transmitters with a wireless link between the transmitters.
One transmitter is designated the master transmitter and the other transmitter is designated as a
slave. The PIC instructor, utilizing the master transmitter, will be at all times be able assume
control of the sUAV.

91.119 Minimum safe altitudes:
General. The regulation states that over sparsely populated areas the aircraft cannot be operated
closer than 500 feet to any person, vessel, vehicle, or structure. Since the typical mission of the
sUAS would be photography or survey of persons, vessels, vehicles or structures it would be
necessary to operate closer than 500 feet to the items listed. Operations will only be flown over
property or persons where permission has been obtained and careful pre-planned flight path has
been performed. The aircraft will be operated at a low altitude allowing, if a power unit fails, an
emergency landing without undue hazard to persons or property on the surface. Therefore we
maintain that due to the small size of the UAS, the hazard to persons, vehicles and structures is
minimal compared to manned aircraft, which should be considered in granting the exemption.

CFR 91.121 Altimeter settings.
The regulation requires that aircraft shall maintain cruising altitudes by reference to an altimeter
setting available within 100 NM of the aircraft. The sUAS will always fly below 400 feet AGL
and will not need to maintain cruising altitudes in order to prevent conflict with other aircraft. An
Above Ground Level altimeter measurement above the takeoff point is transmitted via radio
from the sUAS on-board computer to the display screen held by the PIC, providing a constantly
updated AGL readout.

14 CFR 91.151 Fuel requirements for flight in VFR conditions.
The regulation provides that no person may begin a flight in an airplane under day-vFR
conditions unless there is enough fuel to fly to the first point of intended landing and to fly after
that for at least 30 minutes. We feel the intention of this paragraph is to provide an energy
reserve as a safety buffer for delays to landing. The sUAV is battery operated and the maximum
duration of flight from a single battery charge is 12 minutes with a 20% reserve. Since the
aircraft will never fly more than 3/4 NM from the point of intended landing, a full battery charge
at launch will ensure that we meet the reserve energy requirement of this paragraph. We
request an exemption to the word "fuel" and ask for an equivalent interpretation with the word
"energy".

14 CFR 91.203(a) & (b) Civil aircraft: Certifications required.
The regulation provides that an airworthiness certificate, with the registration number assigned
to the aircraft and a registration certificate must be aboard the aircraft. Additionally,
subparagraph (b) provides that the airworthiness certificate be "displayed at the cabin or cockpit
entrance so that it is legible to passengers or crew." At a maximum gross weight of 5.3 pounds,
the sUAS is too small to carry documentation, does not have an entrance, and is not capable of
carrying passengers or crew. To obtain an equivalent level of safety and meet the intent of
91.203, we propose that documents deemed appropriate for this aircraft by the FAA will be with
the crew at the ground control station and available for inspection upon request. In order to
identify the aircraft, we propose that the information found on airworthiness and registration
certificates be permanently affixed to the aircraft via placard containing the following
information plus the word "EXPERIMENTAL" to satisfy the requirement of 14 CFR 45.23.

14 CFR Subpart E (91.401- 91.417)- Maintenance, Preventive Maintenance, Alterations
The regulation provides that the operator is primarily responsible for maintaining the aircraft in
an airworthy condition, including compliance with part 39 and 43. Paragraphs 91.407 and 91.409
require that the aircraft be "approved for return to service by a person authorized under 43.7"
after maintenance and inspection. It is our intention that the PIC perform maintenance and
inspection of the aircraft and "be authorized to approve the aircraft for return to service." The
PIC will ensure that the aircraft is in an airworthy condition prior to every flight and in addition
conduct detailed inspections after every two hours of flight. Maintenance performed by the PIC
is limited to repairing small cracks, replacing a propeller, checking electrical connections and
updating software and firmware for the on-board computer. All other maintenance will be
performed by the manufacturer or their designated repair facility. The PIC will document work
performed in accordance with 91.417. We feel that due to the size, construction, and simplicity
of the aircraft, the PIC can ensure an equivalent level of safety.

Safety and Benefits of the UAS
New Heights Aerial Media, LLC will be using the UAS in a variety of applications that generally
require expensive full-size manned aircraft to complete. Small, light, unmanned aerial vehicles
offer myriad benefits over the use of full-sized manned aircraft for electric power line inspection,
oil/gas pipeline inspection, advanced agriculture, film and still photography, just to name a few.
Replacing significantly larger manned aircraft carrying crew and flammable fuel with small UAS
carrying no passengers or crew creates a much greater margin of safety for the pilots and crew.
By granting New Heights Aerial Media, LLC`s requested exemptions, the FAA will help drive
development of safe and successful commercial UAS operations and will advance the public
knowledge base for such operations. New Heights Aerial Media, LLC is committed to promoting
the UAS research efforts of policymakers including the FAA, NASA, DOD and DARPA by
sharing data from its commercial UAS operations and serving as a resource for future UAS
research operations. Thus, the FAA has good cause to grant this Petition.

Conclusion
As pointed out in this application, all the SUAs which our company would use, under
authorization by the US DOT-FAA, are small, light-weight devices operated within the line of
sight of the Pilot-in-Command (PIC), less than 400 feet above the ground and outside 5 miles
from any airport, heliport, seaplane base, spaceport, or other location with aviation activities,
unless the air traffic control authorities (ATC) have been notified and have authorized each flight
within a radius of this distance.

All our SUAs have proven capability for controlled flight. They are devices offered for general
sale on the market around the world and have often been used as Model Aircraft in the USA.
We are certain that the studies conducted until now by the FAA, about Section 332, Public Law
112-95, 2014, have already provided you with the assurances on the airworthiness of SUAs
such as ours.

For the foregoing reasons, the exemptions requested herein should be granted and New Heights
Aerial Media LLC should be permitted to conduct small UAS operations in accordance with its
manuals and all other operating parameters deemed necessary and appropriate by the FAA.
The submission of this application and its contents is the best demonstration that indeed it is
possible to pursue the authorization process so that some SUAs may be used for legitimate
commercial activities and under reasonably safe conditions.

Signed
David L. Farley
New Heights Aerial Media
