April 9, 2015

                                                          Exemption No. 11311
                                                          Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2014­1055

Mr. Albert J. Pucciarelli
Counsel for Next Generation Aviation Services, L.L.C.
McElroy, Deutsch, Mulvaney & Carpenter, LLP
40 West Ridgewood Avenue
Ridgewood, NJ 07450

Dear Mr. Pucciarelli:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

The Basis for Our Decision

By letter dated December 15, 2014, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration
(FAA) on behalf of Next Generation Aviation Services, L.L.C. (hereinafter petitioner or
operator) for an exemption. The exemption would allow the petitioner to operate an
unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct research and development; training; aerial
photography for real estate, construction firms; to assist first responders; and to enhance
public awareness of UASs.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.
                                                                                                2

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a DJI S1000+.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection. The FAA has issued grants of

exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or

crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in

addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled

by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

· They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

· The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

· A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Next Generation Aviation Services, L.L.C. is granted
an exemption from 14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a),
91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and
91.417(a) and (b), to the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform
aerial data collection. This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed
below.
                                                                                                3

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Next Generation Aviation Services, L.L.C. is hereafter referred to
as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI S1000+ when
    weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any other
    aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are not
    permitted.

3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
    exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
    compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
    airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
    aircraft manufacturer.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
    electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
    must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
    required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
                                                                                                            4

    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update or
    revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then the
    operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's UAS
    Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding updates or
    revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g. replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g. inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and aircraft
    components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer safety
    bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.
                                                                                                            5

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current FAA-
    published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a pre-
    determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.
                                                                                                            6

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification (N-
    Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must be
    as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons' and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

    The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
    nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
    reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
    contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.
                                                                                                                 7

 If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
 television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.

This exemption terminates on April 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,

/s/
John Barbagallo
Acting Deputy Director, Flight Standards Service
            MCELROY, DEUTSCH, MULVANEY & CARPENTER, LLP

                                                                ATTORNEYS AT LAW

                                                                40 West Ridgewood Avenue
                                                                     Ridgewood, NJ 07450
                                                                          (201) 445-6722

                                                                 FACSIMILE (201) 445-5376

ALBERT J. PUCCIARELLI
Direct dial: (201) 493-3718
apucciarelli@mdmc-law.com

                                           December 15, 2014

U.S. Department of Transportation                                                ~-·.., !
Docket Management System
1200 New Jersey Ave., SE                                                     i''·.
Washington, D.C. 20590
                                                                             c:·.)

            Re: Petition ofNext Generation Aviation Services, L.L.C.
                     ("Petitioner") for an Exemption Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA
                     Modernization and Reform Act of 2012

Ladies and Gentlemen:

         Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of2012 (the
"Reform Act") and 14 C.P.R. Part 11, Petitioner, hereby applies for an exemption from the
Federal Aviation Regulations ("FARs") identified below, to allow commercial operations of
small unmanned aircraft and associated elements ("UAS").

         The exemption is made based on information in this petition, as well as Petitioner's
General Operations and Safety Manual ("Operations Manual") and the f1ight and maintenance
manuals for the UASs identified and incorporated by reference into Section 2 of the Operations
Manual. Petitioner submits these supporting materials as confidential documents under 14 C.P.R.
§ 11.35(b), as they contain confidential commercial and proprietary information that Petitioner
has not and will not share with others. Similarly, these documents contain operating conditions
and procedures that are not available to the public and are protected from release under the
Freedom of Information Act, 5 U.S.C. § 552 et seq., and any other requirements established by
the FAA pursuant to Section 333 ofthe FAA Reform Act.

For your convenience, the petition is organized as follows:

I. Description of Petitioner
II. Types of Operations

         A. Request to Use UASs for R&D at Test Sites Controlled by Petitioner
         B. Request to Use UASs for photography utilized in the operation of First

                  Responders, for use by Real Estate and Construction firms and to enhance
                  public awareness of the utility of UASs.
III. Relevant Statutory Authority

NEW JERSEY  NEW YORK         PENNSYLVANIA  CONNECTICUT        MASSACHUSETTS  COLORADO            DELAWARE
          MCELROY, DEUTSCH, MULVANEY & CARPENTER, LLP

 United States Department ofTransportation
 December 15, 2014
 Page2

IV. Petitioner's Proposed UAS Operations Meet the Requirements of Section 333 of the
         Reform Act

V. Regulations From Which Exemption is Requested
         A. 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H- Airworthiness Certificates and 14 C.F.R. §
                  91.203
         B. 14 C.F.R. Part 27 Airworthiness Standards: Normal Category Rotorcraft
         C. 14 C.F.R. § § 91.9(c), 45.23(b) and 45.27(a): Aircraft Marking and
                  Identification Requirements
         D. 14 C.F.R. § 91.9(b)(2): Civil Aircraft Flight Manual in the Aircraft and 14
                  C.F.R. § 91.203(a) and (b): Carrying Civil Aircraft Certification and
                  Registration
         E. 14 C.F.R. § 91.7(a): Civil Aircraft Airworthiness
         F. 14 C.F.R. § 91.103: Preflight Action
         G. 14 C.F.R. § 91.109(a): Flight Instruction
         H. 14 C.F.R. § 91.119: Minimum Safe Altitudes
         I. 14 C.F.R. § 91.121: Altimeter Settings
         J. 14 C.F.R. § 91.151(a): Fuel Requirements for Flight in VFR Conditions
         K. 14 C.F.R. § 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(2); 91.417(a) and (b):
                  Maintenance Inspections
         L. 14 C.F.R. § 61.113

VI. Drug and Alcohol Program
VII. Public Interest
VIII. Privacy
IX. Federal Register Summary
X. Conclusion

I. DESCRIPTION OF PETITIONER

         Petitioner is wholly-owned by Frank R. Galella, III, a U.S citizen, who is also the sole
owner of FRG III, Inc. d/b/a "Lincoln Park Aviation" ("LPA"). LPA is a leading FAA Repair
Station (LKPRI 01 K) for many types and manufacturers of general aviation aircraft. LPA
employs several Airframe and Powerplant technicians ("A&Ps"), Inspection Authorization
personnel (I.As) and FAA certified flight instructors ("CFis"). Petitioner has vast experience
with airframe, propulsion, avionics and composites and virtually all complex systems installed
on modern-day general aviation aircraft. This broad knowledge of working with certified aircraft
for many years has major benefits that carry over into the UAS sector of our business and gives
Petitioner a distinct advantage.

         Petitioner has been building, servicing and flying UASs for the last five years. It detailed
knowledge ofUAS systems and components, which has resulted in flight experiences totaling
hundreds of hours without incident.
         MCELROY, DEUTSCH, MULVANEY & CARPENTER, LLP

 United States Department of Transportation
 December 15, 2014
 Page 3

         Petitioner seeks an exemption to use UASs to conduct research and development
("R&D") into new and innovative ways to operate and maintain UASs for commercial purposes
and in furtherance of public safety within the National Airspace ("NAS") system. Exemption is
further sought to enable Petitioner to offer services to real estate brokers and developers, the
construction industry, utilities, first responders, film production companies, and any related
entities that can utilize the safe and convenient operation ofUAS type aircraft where the use of
typical certified aircraft is not possible or the cost is prohibitive. In addition, Petitioner will
proactively encourage UAS capability and safety demonstrations to the general public and local
government agencies in an effort to collectively convince these organizations that the operation
ofUASs is safe, controlled and in the public interest.

         Petitioner has assembled a UAS team, including an array of experienced aviation
professionals, to cover all of the skill sets necessary to offer safe and effective UAS services. In
addition, Petitioner's employees already have significant experience in the maintenance and
operation of civil general aviation aircraft that will equip them to deal effectively with issues
arising in connection with the safe use ofUASs and planning for both normal operations and
contingencies that might affect flight safety.

         The model UAS that Petitioner intends to use within the scope of the requested
exemptions is the DJI S1OOO+Premium but Petitioner may not exclusively use this model UAS.
But in all cases, the UAS vehicle will weigh 55 pounds or less.

         The contact information for Petitioner is as follows:

         Next Generation Aviation Services L.L.C.
         c/o Lincoln Park Aviation
         425 Beaverbrook Road
         Lincoln Park, NJ 07035
         Attn.: Frank Galella
         Tel+1 973-633-0450
         Email frankg@lpaviation.com

         II. TYPES OF OPERATIONS
         A. Request to Use UASs for R&D at Test Site controlled by Petitioner

         Petitioner is requesting exemptions pursuant to Section 333 to conduct research and
development at Petitioner's facilities which are depicted in the Operations Manual. The testing
facilities are not open to the public and access will be restricted to Petitioner and its corporate
affiliates' employees and/or consultants engaged in R&D or R&D-related work. UAS testing will
occur outside navigable airspace at altitudes of 400 feet AGL or less, daytime VFR operation
only in visual line of site ("VLOS"). The test sites will enable Petitioner to evaluate how the
         MCELROY, DEUTSCH, MULVANEY & CARPENTER, LLP

 United States Department of Transportation
 December 15, 2014
 Page4

UAS vehicles will operate and capture images over various types of buildings and in various
conditions.

         The test areas will also be used for maintenance evaluation and pilot training purposes.
Petitioner's R&D efforts are focused on meeting the needs of its own research and development
efforts in the area ofUAS operations and maintenance, training for intended UAS owners and
operators, real estate and land photography for local and regional customers, to assist local and
regional first responders as they may deem appropriate and to enhance public awareness of the
utility and safe operation of UAS vehicles for commercial purposes.

         B. Request to Use UAS vehicles (1) for research and development, (2) for
                  training, (3) for photography to assist Real Estate and Construction firms,
                  (4) to assist First Responders and (5) to enhance public awareness of the
                  utility of UASs.

         Petitioner requests permission to operate UAS vehicles for the purpose of conducting
research and development in connection with the manufacture, operation and maintenance of
UASs, for training of its own personnel in the areas ofUAS operations and maintenance, for
training for intended UAS owners and operators, for real estate and land photography for local
and regional customers and to assist local and regional first responders as they may deem
appropriate. Petitioner also intends to enhance public awareness of the utility and safe operation
ofUAS vehicles for commercial purposes and, in furtherance of this objective, Petitioner
requests permission to allow its operation ofUAS vehicles for the purposes stated above to be
open to the public, including participation in local FAA or Government seminars and
demonstrations relating to the safe and effective operation ofUAS vehicles.

         As part of this effort, Petitioner is also willing to partner with appropriate federal, state,
and local governments and first responders to ensure full cooperation and coordination with their
needs to the extent Petitioner's UAS services may be useful to them. This will include
information sharing that can further assist first responders.

         As set forth in the attached Operations Manual, flights by Petitioner will be conducted
under a strict set of guidelines. UAS vehicles will be flown only over Petitioner's property or over
property where permission has been obtained from the owner. Strict safety measures will be in
place to ensure that there is limited to no risk to members of the public who are not involved in
the operation.

III. RELEVANT STATUTORY AUTHORITY

         This petition for exemption is submitted in accordance with Section 333(a) through (c) of
the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of2012. Congress has directed the FAA "to safely
accelerate the integration of civil unmanned aircraft systems into the national airspace system."
         MCELROY, DEUTSCH, MDLVANEY & CARPENTER, LLP

 United States Department of Transportation
 December 15,2014
 Page 5

Pursuant to Section 333 ofthe Reform Act, the FAA Administrator is to permit unmanned
aircraft systems to operate in the NAS where it is safe to do so based upon the following
considerations:

         · The UAS vehicle's size, weight, speed and operational capability;

         · Operation of the UAS in close proximity to airports and populated areas; and

         · Operation of the UAS within the visual line of sight of the operator. 1

         Additionally, the FAA Administrator has general authority to grant exemptions from the
agency's safety regulations and minimum standards when the Administrator decides that a
requested exemption is in the public's interest. See 49 U.S.C. § 106(±) (defining the authority of
the Administrator); 49 U. S.C.§ 44701(±) (permitting exemptions from§§ 44701(a), (b) and§§
44702-44716, et seq.). A party requesting an exemption must explain the reasons why the
exemption: (1) would benefit the public as a whole, and (2) would not adversely affect safety (or
how it would provide a level of safety at least equal to the existing rules. See 14 C.P.R. § 11.81
(petitions for exemption).

IV. PETITIONER'S PROPOSED OPERATIONS MEET THE REQUIREMENTS OF
         SECTION 333 OF THE REFORM ACT

          The proposed operations in this Petition for Exemption qualify for expedited approval under
Section 333 of the Reform Act. Each ofthe statutory criteria and other relevant factors are satisfied.

         A. Approval is Warranted Based on the UAS's Size, Weight and Operational
                  Capability

          Petitioner will employ the UAS vehicles identified in Section 2 of the accompanying
Operations Manual. These UAS vehicles will be used for all of the operations as set forth in the
Operations Manual, each of which has characteristics in common that warrant approval. All of the
UAS vehicles will be limited to a maximum flight speed of 40 m.p.h. vertical ascent speed of 15
m.p.h, and a maximum weight of fifty (50) pounds. Each of the UAS vehicles has an integrated
GPS system to calculate its position and height and to relay that information via a secure connection
to the operator. In addition, each UAS contains a failsafe mode that will guide the UAS if its
connection to the remote controller is lost. The system permits the vehicle to return to a
predetermined location and land in order to prevent injury or property damage.

1 Section 333(b)(l) of the Reform Act
         MCELROY, DEUTSCH, MULVANEY & CARPENTER, LLP

 United States Department of Transportation
 December 15, 2014
 Page 6

         B. Approval is Warranted Based on the Operational Restrictions Set Forth in
                  the Operations Manual

          Petitioner's Operations Manual and the manufacturers' maintenance and flight manuals
contain all of the procedures and limitations necessary to successfully perform R&D. To assist the
FAA in its safety assessment of Petitioner's operations, the operational limitations and conditions,
listed below, will be adhered to. This will ensure a level of safety equal to or exceeding the level of
safety for operations conducted under current regulatory guidelines:

         1. The UAS vehicles employed by Petitioner will weigh fifty (50) pounds or less.

         2. Flights will be operated within line of sight of a pilot and an observer.

         3. Maximum total flight time for each operational flight will be limited to the
                  amount oftime the UAS can be flown and still maintain a reserve battery power
                  of no less than 25%.

         4. Flights will be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet AGL and will not
                  be conducted within navigable airspace. Flight will be conducted only in VLOS
                  during daylight hours and in VFR conditions.

         5. Flights will be operated at a lateral distance of no less than 100 feet from any
                  persons or property not associated with the operation who have not given prior
                  permission for more proximate operation.

         6. Flights will be limited to a speed of 50 m.p.h. and vertical ascent of 15 m.p.h.

         7. Minimum crew for each operation will consist of the UAS pilot-in-command
                  ("PIC"), one or more visual observers, as necessary to safely conduct the mission,
                  and a sensor operator, if the sensor requires human direction or control.

         8. The PIC will have at least a private pilot's license and current Class III medical
                  certificate and will have sufficient experience and recurrent training to safely
                  conduct the flight in accordance with the standards set forth in the Operations
                  Manual.

         9. The observer designated for any operation will be in constant voice contact with
                  the PIC.

         10. UAS vehicles will operate in accordance with the safety and operational
                  requirements of their respective Manuals.
         MCELROY, DEUTSCH, MULVANEY & CARPENTER, LLP

 United States Department of Transportation
 December 15, 2014
 Page 7

         11. Prior to the operation, a mission plan will be prepared setting forth the limitations
                   for the flight as well as contact and hazard information.

         12. A Notice to Airmen ("NOTAM") will be issued not more than 72 hours in
                   advance of flight, but not less than 48 hours before flight.

         13. A Certificate of Authorization will be obtained prior to flight.

         14. All required permissions and permits will be obtained from territorial, state,
                   county or city jurisdictions, including local law enforcement, fire or other
                   appropriate governmental agencies.

         15. The operator will coordinate all flights with the appropriate Flight Standards
                   District Office.

         16. If a UAS loses communications or GPS guidance, it will have the capability to
                   return to a pre-determined location within the operational area and land.

         17. Contingency plans will be in place to safely terminate flight if there is a loss of
                   communication between the PIC and the observer(s).

V. REGULATIONS FROM WHICH EXEMPTION IS REQUESTED

         The Federal Aviation Act expressly grants the FAA the authority to issue exemptions.
This statutory authority, by its terms, includes exempting civil aircraft, as the term is defined
under§ 40101 ofthe Act, including UASs, from its safety regulations and minimum standards
when the Administrator decides that a requested exemption is in the public interest.2

         Petitioner seeks an exemption from several interrelated provisions of 14 C.F.R. Parts 21,
45, 61 and 91 for purposes of conducting the requested operations using a UAS. Listed below are
(1) the specific sections of 14 C.F.R. for which exemption is sought, and (2) the operating
procedures and safeguards that Petitioner has established which will ensure a level of safety
better than or equal to the rules from which exemption is sought.3

2 See 49 U.S.C. § 44701(f)(authorizing the grant of exemptions from requirements ofregulations
prescribed pursuant to Sections 44701(a) and (b) and Sections 44702- 44716).

3 See 14 C.F.R. § 11.81, which requires a petition for exemption to include: "the reasons why
granting the exemption would not adversely affect safety, or how the exemption would provide a
level of safety at least equal to that provided by the rule from which you seek exemption."
         MCELROY, DEUTSCH, MULVANEY & CARPENTER, LLP

 United States Department of Transportation
 December 15, 2014
 Page 8

         A. 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H- Airworthiness Certificates and 14 C.F.R.
                  §91.203(a)(1)

         The FAA has stated that no exemption is needed from this section if a finding is made
under the Reform Act that the UAS selected provides an equivalent level of safety when
compared to aircraft normally used for the same application. These criteria are met, and therefore
no exemption is needed. See Grant ofExemption to Astraeus Aerial, Docket No. FAA-2014-
0352 at 13-14,22. If, however, the FAA determines that there are some characteristics ofthe
chosen UAS that fail to meet the requirements of the Reform Act, an exemption is requested.

         Equivalent Level of Safety

         The UASs identified in Section 2 of the Operations Manual are safe when taking into
account their size, weight, speed, and operational capability. As set forth in Section II, supra,
each of the UASs weighs less than 50 pounds and will be flown at less than 40 miles per hour
and completely outside controlled airspace. Additionally, the UASs carry neither pilots nor
passengers, carry no explosive materials and or flammable liquid fuels, and operate exclusively
within the parameters stated in the Operations Manual.

          Operations under this exemption will be closely controlled and monitored by the
operator and will be conducted in compliance with local public safety requirements, to provide
security for the area of operation. Petitioner will also provide the FAA with advance notice of all
operations via NOTAMS and coordination with the local FSDO. In all cases, the UASs operated
under the proposed conditions, will be at least as safe as, or safer than conventional rotorcraft
operating with an airworthiness certificate without the restrictions and conditions of the proposed
UAS operations.

          The aircrafts themselves do not need a means to communicate with other aircraft or
ATC, because those capabilities will be possessed by the PIC and observer(s) who are not
onboard. See Grant of Exemption, Docket FAA-2014-0352 at 13. In addition, no" sense and
avoid" technology is necessary on the UAS because it will be operated at all times by visual line-
of-sight. Id.

         B. 14 C.F.R. Part 27 Airworthiness Standards: Normal Category Rotorcraft

         14 C.P.R. Part 27 sets forth the procedural requirements for airworthiness certification of
normal category rotorcraft. To the extent the Petitioner's UAS vehicles would otherwise require
certification under Part 27, Petitioner seeks an exemption from Part 27's airworthiness standards
for the same reasons identified in the request for exemption from 14 C.P.R. Part 21, Subpart H,
supra.
          MCELROY, DEUTSCH, MULVANEY & CARPENTER, LLP

 United States Department of Transportation
 December 15,2014
 Page 9

         C. 14 C.F.R. §§ 91.9(c), 45.23(b) and 45.27(a): Aircraft Marking and
                  Identification Requirements

          Petitioner seeks an exemption from the aircraft marking and identification requirements
contained in 14 C.F.R. §§ 91.9(c), 45.23(b) and 45.27(a).

         · 14 C.F.R. § 91.9(c) (Civil Aircraft Flight Manual, Marking and Placard
              requirements), provides that:

                  No person may operate a U.S.-registered civil aircraft unless that aircraft is
                   identified in accordance with Part 45 of this chapter.

         · 14 C.F.R. § 45.23(b) (Markings ofthe Aircraft), states:

                   When marks include only the Roman capital letter "N" and the registration number
                   is displayed on limited, restricted or light-sport category aircraft or experimental or
                   provisionally certificated aircraft, the operator must also display on that aircraft
                  near each entrance to the cabin, cockpit, or pilot station, in letters not less than 2
                   inches nor more than 6 inches high, the words "limited," "restricted," "light-sport,
                   "experimental," or "provisional," as applicable.

         · 14 C.F.R. § 45.27(a) (Rotorcraft) states:

                  Each operator of a rotorcraft must display on that rotorcraft horizontally on both
                   surfaces of the cabin, fuselage, boom, or tail the marks required by§ 45.23.

         In a previous Grant of Exemption, the FAA determined that exemption from these
requirements was warranted provided that the aircraft "have identification (N-Number) markings
in accordance with 14 CFR Part 45, Subpart C if the markings are as large as practicable." FAA
Docket No. FAA-2014-0352.

         Equivalent Level of Safety

         Petitioner will mark all aircraft with their N-Number in a prominent spot on the fuselage
with markings that are as large as practicable.

         D. 14 C.F.R. § 91.9(b)(2): Civil Aircraft Flight Manual in the Aircraft and 14
         C.F.R. § 91.203(a) and (b): Carrying Civil Aircraft Certification and Registration

         Pursuant to 14 C.F.R. § 91.9(b)(2):

         (b) No person may operate a U.S.-registered civil aircraft-
         MCELROY, DEUTSCH, MULVANEY & CARPENTER, LLP

 United States Department of Transportation
 December 15, 2014
 Page 10

         (2) For which an Airplane or Rotorcraft Flight Manual is required by§ 21.5 of this
                  chapter, unless there is available in the aircraft a current approved Airplane or
                  Rotorcraft Flight Manual, approved manual material, markings, and placards, or
                  any combination thereof.

         Pursuant to 14 C.F.R. § 91.203(a) and (b):

         (a) Except as provided in§ 91.715, no person may operate a civil aircraft unless it
                  has within it the following:

                  (1) An appropriate and current airworthiness certificate...

         (b) No person may operate a civil aircraft unless the airworthiness certificate required
                  by paragraph (a) of this section or a special flight authorization issued under§
                  91.715 is displayed at the cabin or cockpit entrance so that it is legible to
                  passengers or crew.

         Petitioner does not request an exemption from this section but instead notifies the FAA
that, in accordance with FAA Office of Chief Counsel's Opinion dated August 8, 2014, the UAS
flight manual, registration certificate and other documentation will be kept at the control station
with the PIC during flight. The Chief Counsel's Office has held that for all UAS operations, this
alternate method constitutes full compliance with the regulations.

         E. 14 C.F.R. § 91.7(a): Civil Aircraft Airworthiness

         Petitioner seeks an exemption from 14 C.F.R. § 91.7(a), which requires that a civil
aircraft be in airworthy condition to be operated. The FAA has stated that no exemption is
required to the extent that the requirements of Part 21 are waived or found inapplicable.
Accordingly, Petitioner requests that the requirements for Section 91.7 be treated in accordance
with Section V(A), supra.

         F. 14 C.F.R. § 91.103: Preflight Action

         Petitioner seeks an exemption from 14 C.F.R. § 91.103, which requires a PIC to become
familiar with specific information before each flight, including information contained in the
FAA-approved Flight Manual on board the aircraft. While the PIC will be familiar with all
information necessary to safely conduct the flight, an exemption is requested to the extent that an
FAA-approved Flight manual is required.
          MCELROY, DEUTSCH, MULVANEY & CARPENTER, LLP

 United States Department of Transportation
 December 15,2014
 Page 11

         Equivalent Level of Safety

         An equivalent level of safety will be provided by following the Aircraft Operations
Manual and flight manual provided by the manufacturer. The PIC will take all required preflight
actions, including performing all required checklists and reviewing weather, flight requirements,
battery charge, landing and takeoff distance, aircraft performance data, and contingency landing
areas- before initiation of flight. The Operations Manual and manufacturer's flight manual will
be kept at the ground station with the operator at all times.

         G. 14 C.F.R. § 91.109(a): Flight Instruction

         Petitioner seeks an exemption from 14 C.P.R.§ 91.109(a), which provides that "[n]o
person may operate a civil aircraft (except a manned free balloon) that is being used for flight
instruction unless that aircraft has fully functioning dual controls." UAS vehicles and remotely
piloted aircraft, by their design, do not have functional dual controls. Instead, flight control is
accomplished through the use of a device that communicates with the aircraft via radio
communications.

         Equivalent Level of Safety

         Given the size and speed ofthe UAS employed by Petitioner, an equivalent level of
safe training can still be performed without dual controls because no pilot or passengers are
aboard the UAS, and all persons will be a safe distance away in the event that the UAS
experiences any difficulties during flight instruction. In addition, Petitioner will conduct flight
training at its R&D test sites, which locations are shown in the Operations Manual. These
training flights will be conducted in a sterile area and will otherwise comply with the
provisions in the Operations Manual for flights at the R&D facility. Accordingly, Petitioner's
proposed method of operation provides superior levels of safety required by the FAA. In
addition, all UAS operations will be conducted by an experienced FAA certificated private
pilot with a minimum of a Class III medical certificate. All UAS pilots employed by Petitioner
have hundreds of incident-free hours piloting UASs vehicles and are proficient in carrying out
the duties and responsibilities incorporated in the Operations Manual.

         H. 14 C.F.R. § 91.119: Minimum Safe Altitudes

         Petitioner requests an exemption from the minimum safe altitude requirements required
by 14 C.F.R. § 91.119. Section 91.119 prescribes the minimum safe altitudes under which an
aircraft may not operate, including 500 feet above the surface and away from any person, vessel,
vehicle, or structure in non-congested areas. See 14 C.F.R. § 91.119(c). Section 91.119(d) allows
for a helicopter to operate at less than those minimum altitudes when it can be operated "without
hazard to persons or property on the surface," provided that "each person operating the helicopter
complies with any routes or altitudes specifically prescribed for helicopters by the FAA."
         MCELROY, DEUTSCH, MULVANEY & CARPENTER, LLP

 United States Department of Transportation
 December 15, 2014
 Page 12

         Equivalent Level of Safety

         Compared to flight operations with rotorcraft weighing far more than the maximum
weights proposed herein, and given the lack of flammable fuel, any risk associated with these
operations is far less than those that presently exist with conventional aircraft. An equivalent level
of safety will be achieved given the size, weight, and speed of the UAS vehicles, as well as the
location where it is operated. In order to avoid any risk to aircraft, flight operations will be
restricted to 400' AGL or below. As set forth in the Operation Manual, the UAS vehicles will be
operated in a restricted area, away from persons or structures not involved in the operation.

         I. 14 C.F.R. § 91.121: Altimeter Settings

         Petitioner seeks an exemption from 14 C.F.R. § 91.121, which requires a person
operating an aircraft to maintain cruising altitude or flight level by reference to an altimeter that
is set to the elevation of the departure airport or barometric pressure. An exemption is required
to the extent that the UAS vehicles do not have a barometric altimeter, but rather a GPS altitude
read out.

         Equivalent Level of Safety

         Information relayed in real time to the operator. See Grant of Exemption to Astraeus
Aerial, Docket No. FAA-2014-0352. As the attached Operations Manual indicates, the chosen
UAS vehicles meet these requirements, and a zero altitude initiation point will be obtained prior
to flight.

         J. 14 C.F.R. § 91.151(a): Fuel Requirements for Flight in VFR Conditions

         Petitioner requests an exemption from 14 C.P.R.§ 91.151(a)'s fuel requirements for flight
in VFR conditions. Section 91.151 states:

         (a) No person may begin a flight in an airplane under VFR conditions unless
(considering wind and forecast weather conditions) there is enough fuel to fly to the first point of
intended landing and, assuming normal cruising speed -

                   (1) During the day, to fly after that for at least 30 minutes; or

                   (2) At night, to fly after that for at least 45 minutes.

         Here, the technological limitations on UAS battery power means that no meaningful
flight operations can be conducted while still maintaining a 30 minute reserve. Petitioner
          MCELROY, DEUTSCH, MULVANEY & CARPENTER, LLP

 United States Department of Transportation
 December 15, 2014
 Page 13

proposes that all flights comply with this requirement by mandating that the aircraft with 25%
(or less) ofbattery life remaining be safely landed..

         Equivalent Level of Safety

         The FAA has stated that an equivalent level of safety is provided if the UAS flight is
terminated with at least 25% reserve battery power still available. See Grant of Exemption to
Astraeus Aerial, Docket No. FAA-2014-0352. The Operations Manual conforms to this limit,
providing an equivalent level of safety.

         K. 14 C.F.R. § 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(2); 91.417(a) and (b):
                   Maintenance Inspections

         Petitioner seeks an exemption from the maintenance inspection requirements contained in
14 C.F.R. § 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(l), 91.409(a)(2); 91.417(a) and (b). These regulations specify
maintenance and inspection standards in reference to 14 C.F.R. Part 43. See, e.g., 14 C.F.R. §
91.405(a) (stating that each owner or operator of an aircraft "[s]hall have the aircraft inspected as
prescribed in subpart E of this part and shall between required inspections ...have discrepancies
repaired as prescribed in part 43 of this chapter"). An exemption from these regulations is needed
because Part 43 and these sections only apply to aircraft with an airworthiness certificate, which
the UAS vehicles will not have.

         Equivalent Level of Safety

         An equivalent level of safety will be achieved because maintenance and inspections will
be performed in accordance with the UAS Manufacturer's Manual, as referenced in the
Operations Manual. As provided in the Operations Manual, flights will not be conducted unless a
flight operations checklist is performed, which includes a check of all of the aircraft's
components. The Operations Manual also sets requirements for maintenance log books and
record keeping as well as routine and post-flight maintenance. The Manual sets requirements for
both annual maintenance and preventative maintenance based on hours of flight. In addition, all
UAS vehicles owned and operated by Petitioner will be maintained by FAA certified technicians
and FAA Repair Station personnel. The unique capability of Petitioner using only appropriately
rated technicians and pilots for UAS operation brings with it a level of proficiency and certainly
adds a level of safety.

         L. 14 C.F.R. § 61.113: Private Pilot Privileges And Limitations

          Petitioner seeks exemption from 14 CFR § 61.113, which restricts private pilot
certificate holders from flying aircraft for compensation or hire, and would also require a second
class medical certificate. The purpose of Part 61 is to ensure that the skill and competency of any
PIC matches the airspace in which the PIC will be operating, as well as requiring certifications if
         MCELROY, DEUTSCH, MDLVANEY & CARPENTER, LLP

 United States Department of Transportation
 December 15, 2014
 Page 14

the private pilot is carrying passengers or cargo for hire. In this case, while the UAS vehicles will
be operated as part of a commercial operation, it carries neither passengers nor cargo. In the
Grant of Exemption in FAA Docket No. FAA-2014-0352, the FAA determined that the unique
characteristics ofUAS operation outside of controlled airspace did not warrant the addition cost
and restrictions attendant with requiring a PIC to have a commercial pilot certificate and class II
medical certificate.

          The restrictions Petitioner has placed on its UAS operations meet or exceed the
restrictions similarly imposed on Astraeus Aerial in FAA Docket No. FAA-2014-0352.
Petitioner will operate in a sterile area away from persons and property not involved in the
operation. It will be flown based on VLOS at 400' AGL or below. A NOTAM will be issued
between 48 and 72 hours before the flight is to occur, and the flight will be coordinated with the
applicable Flight Standards District Office.

         Equivalent Level of Safety

          In addition to these flight restrictions, Petitioner will further ensure safe operation by
requiring that any PIC be thoroughly versed not only in airspace and communication issues
pertaining to all aircraft operators, but also in the unique aspects ofUAS flight. Each PIC will
also be required to conduct training flights at Petitioner's R&D facilities to obtain flight
experience with UAS generally and with the specific models used for commercial operations in
particular. Petitioner believes that this system will provide a higher level of competency and
proficiency for its PICs. Petitioner's PICs will have at least an FAA Private Pilot license with at
least a Class III medical certificate. Furthermore, All Petitioner's PICs will have a minimum of
100 hours in type ofUAS used and 25 hours in specific make and model ofUAS.

VI. DRUG AND ALCOHOL PROGRAM

         Petitioner has policies in place to ensure that no person may act as a PIC, observer, or
sensor operator if they are under the influence of alcohol or any drug.

VII. PUBLIC INTEREST

         Granting Petitioner's exemption request furthers the public interest. National policy set by
Congress favors early integration ofUAS into the NAS in controlled, safe working environments
such as those proposed in this petition. In addition, the public also has an interest in reducing the
hazards and emissions associated with alternate use of helicopters to conduct similar inspection
operations. The UAS proposed for the exemptions are very light, with a twenty-four pound
(24lb) maximum gross weight. They do not carry any flammable liquid fuel, further reducing the
risk from any potential accident.
         MCELROY, DEUTSCH, MULVANEY & CARPENTER, LLP

 United States Department of Transportation
 December 15, 2014
 Page 15

         Additionally, Petitioner has the knowledge and expertise to safely and effectively survey,
photograph and evaluate certain real estate, construction sites and public utility equipment
whereby typical larger manned aircraft may be a hindrance to the public, noisy and not
accessible. Petitioner will have the capability to effectively dispatch in minutes a UAS that in
most cases will go unnoticed by the general public, fall well below the typical noise signature of
manned aircraft without the use of traditional petroleum based fuels.

         Petitioner also encourages demonstrations and seminars relating to safe and effective
UAS operation. Petitioner is willing to donate its time to assist the FAA or any other government
or public agency that wishes to educate the general public on the integration ofUASs in NAS.

         Finally, by coordinating and teaming with federal, state and local governments after a
disaster, Petitioner can provide valuable information to first responders and government that can
help coordinate the response that may not be obtainable with traditional manned aircraft.

VIII. PRIVACY

         All flights will be conducted in accordance with any federal, state or local laws regarding
pnvacy.

IX. FEDERAL REGISTER SUMMARY

         Pursuant to 14 C.F.R. Part 11, the following summary is provided for publication in the
Federal Register, should it be determined that publication is needed:

Petitioner seeks an exemption from the following rules:
         14 CPR Part 21, Subpart H; 14 CPR Part 27; 14 CPR 45.23(b); 14 CPR§ 61.113; 14

CPR 91.7(a); 14 CPR 91.9(b)(2); 14 CPR 91.103; 14 CPR 91.109(a); 14 CPR 91.119; 14 CPR
91.121; 14 CPR 91.151(a); 14 CPR 91.203 (a) & (b); 14 CPR 91.405(a); 14 CPR 91.407(a)(l);
14 CPR 91.409(a)(2); 14 CPR 91.417 (a) & (b).

         The exemption will enhance safety by reducing risk to the general public and property
owners from the substantial hazards associated with performing equivalent work with
conventional aircraft and rotorcraft.

X. CONCLUSION

         Satisfaction of the criteria provided in Section 333 of the Reform Act of2012-size,
weight, speed, operating capabilities, proximity to airports and populated areas, operation within
visual line of sight, and national security - provides more than adequate justification for the grant
of the requested exemptions to permit Petitioner to operate the selected UAS vehicles and
provide R&D, photography for real estate and construction businesses and public utilities and
         MCELROY, DEUTSCH, MULVANEY & CARPENTER, LLP

 United States Department of Transportation
 December 15,2014
 Page 16

also to participate in local FAA or Government seminars and demonstrations relating to the safe
and effective operation ofUASs.

         Granting the requested exemption will benefit the public interest as a whole in many
ways, including (1) significantly improving safety and reducing risk by alleviating human
exposure to danger, and (2) improving the quality of services and decreasing operating costs
compared with conventional flight operations.

         If you have any questions or require any additional information, please do not hesitate to
call.

                                                         McELROY DEUTSCH MULVANEY &
                                                         CARPENTER, LLP

               ~·

                                                         Partner

Attachments:

     1. Petitioner's General Operations and Safety Manual
    2. Pilots Operating Guide and Maintenance Supplements
    3. Supplements:

         A. Spreading Wings S1000+ User Manual Vl.O
         B. Zenmuse Z15-GH4 (HD) User Manual Vl.O
         C. A2 Flight Control System User manual Vl.O
         D. HITEC X4 Four Channel Multi Changer Instruction Manual
         E. 2.4G Bluetooth Datalink & iPad Ground Station User Guide V1.12

The above are submitted as Confidential Documents under 14 C.F.R. § 11.35(b) and
exempt from disclosure under the Freedom of Information Act, 5 U.S.C. § 552 et seq., and
any other requirements established by the FAA pursuant to Section 333 of the Reform Act
