May 21, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 11642
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­0619

Mr. Noel T. Garcia
NOKA Ventures, LLC
18310 Emerald Oaks
San Antonio, TX 78259

Dear Mr. Garcia:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated March 9, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of NOKA Ventures, LLC (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption. The
exemption would allow the petitioner to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to
conduct real estate photography and videography.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a DJI Phantom 2.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
                                                                                                                 2

provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, NOKA Ventures, LLC is granted an exemption from
14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c),
91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to
the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, NOKA Ventures, LLC is hereafter referred to as the operator.
                                                                                                                 3

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom 2
         when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any
         other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
         must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
         documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
         Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
         limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
         the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
         Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
         documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
         operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
         documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
                                                                                                            4

    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    Government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
                                                                                                            5

    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least 5 minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.
                                                                                                               6

   23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
       any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
       PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
       These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
       official upon request.

   24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
       activities at all times.

   25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

   26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
       persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
          a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
             from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
             that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
             where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
             the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
             of nonparticipating persons; and
          b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
             for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
             the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
             present an undue hazard.

       The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
       nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

   27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
       permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
       Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
       obtained for each flight to be conducted.

   28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
       boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
       to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
       reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
       contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

   29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
       as documented in this grant of exemption.
                                                                                                                 7

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.

This exemption terminates on May 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service
NOKA Ventures, LLC                 March 9, 2015
Noel T. Garcia
18310 Emerald Oaks
San Antonio, Texas 78259
NoelGarciaSA@gmail.com
210.454.2061

U.S. Department of Transportation
Docket Management System
Washington, D.C. 20590

Re: Request for Exemption under Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of
2012 and Part 11 of the Federal Aviation Regulations from 14 C.F.R 21(h); 14 C.F.R. 43.7; 14
C.F.R. 43.11; 14 C.F.R. 45.11; 14 C.F.R. 45.27; 14 C.F.R. 45.29; 14 C.F.R. 91.7(a); 14 C.F.R.
91.9(b)(2); 14 C.F.R. 91.9(c); 14 C.F.R. 91.103(b)(2); 14 C.F.R. 91.105; 14 C.F.R. 91.113(b); 14
C.F.R. 91.119(b) and (c); 14 C.F.R. 121; 14 C.F.R. 91.151; 14 C.F.R. 91.203(a) and (b); 14
C.F.R. 215; 14 C.F.R. 91.403; 14 C.F.R. 405 (a) and (b); 14 C.F.R. 91.407; 14 C.F.R. 409; and
14 C.F.R. 91.417.

Dear Sir or Madam:

Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (the Reform Act) and 14
C.F.R. Part 11, Noel T. Garcia, on behalf of NOKA Ventures, LLC, an operator of Small Unmanned Aircraft
Systems ("sUAS") equipped to film and photograph real estate in rural areas in the state of Texas, applies
for an exemption from the listed Federal Aviation Regulations ("FARs") to allow commercial operation of
its sUASs, so long as such operations are conducted within and under the conditions outlined herein or
as may be established by the FAA as required by Section 333.

Approval of exemptions for NOKA Ventures, LLC will allow commercial operations of sUASs in rural,
remote, low density areas in Texas, for the purpose of real estate photography and videography. The pilot
in command (PIC) is a certified Air Transport Pilot with several type-ratings, more than 4,100 hours of
flight time, and has a first class medical certificate. PIC is a decorated combat veteran with extensive
experience as an instructor and an evaluator. He also was part of the initial cadre staff that developed the
Air Forces' first UAV/UAS undergraduate training program for pilots and operators. The requested
exemption should be granted because the proposed operations of the DJI Phantom 2, a small UASs that
weighs 2.9 lbs., inclusive of battery and payload, conducted in the strict conditions outlined below, will
provide an equivalent level of safety, as Congress intended, while still allowing commercial operations.
The lightweight aircraft covered by the exemption are far safer than conventional operations conducted
with manned helicopters and fixed-wing aircraft weighing thousands of pounds, containing highly
flammable fuel, and operating in close proximity to the ground and people, as a similar UAS has been
previously approved in Exemption No. 11138, Douglas Trudeau, Realtor®. The seven factors Congress
directed the FAA to consider when approving Section 333 exemption petitions - size, weight, speed,
operational capability, proximity to airports, proximity to populated areas, and operation within visual line
of sight ­ each support the request. In particular, the aircraft are small and will operate at slow speeds,
close to the ground, far from airports and in low risk, low population environments.

In addition, the substantial experience of the PIC weighs heavily in favor of granting an exemption.

Respectfully, Noel T. Garcia
                        Table of Contents

I. Publishable Summary

II. Petitioner's Contact Information

III. NOKA Ventures, LLCs Operations
         A. The sUAS
         B. Flight Conditions
         C. Flight Operations

IV. Privacy
V. Public Interest and Safety
VI. Regulations from Which Exemption is Requested

A. 14 C.F.R. 21(h): Airworthiness Certificates

B. 14 C.F.R. 43.7: Persons authorized to approve aircraft, airframes, aircraft
      engines, propellers, appliances, or component parts for return to service after
      maintenance, 
      preventive maintenance, rebuilding, or alteration

C. 14 C.F.R. 43.11: Content, form, and disposition of records for inspections
      conducted under 
      parts 91 and 125 and §§135.411(a)(1) and 135.419 of this chapter

D. 14 C.F.R. 45.11: Marking of products

E. 14 C.F.R. 45.27: Location of marks; nonfixed-wing aircraft

F. 14 C.F.R. 45.29: Size of marks

G. 14 C.F.R. 91.7(a): Civil aircraft airworthiness

H. 14 C.F.R. 91.9(b)(2): Civil aircraft flight manual, marking, and placard
      requirements
  I. 14 C.F.R. 91.9(c): Civil aircraft flight manual, marking, and placard requirements

  J. 14 C.F.R. 91.103(b)(2): Preflight action
  K. 14 C.F.R. 91.105: Flight crewmembers at stations
  L. 14 C.F.R. 91.113(b): Right-of-way rules: Except water operations
  M. 14 C.F.R. 91.119(c): Minimum safe altitudes: General
  N. 14 C.F.R. 91.121: Altimeter Settings
  O. 14 C.F.R. 91.151: Fuel requirements for flight in VFR conditions
  P. 14 C.F.R. 91.203(a) and (b): Civil aircraft: Certifications required
  Q. 14 C.F.R. 91.215: ATC Transponder and Altitude Reporting Equipment and Use
  R. 14 C.F.R. 91.403: General
  S. 14 C.F.R. 91.405 (a) and (d): Maintenance Required
  T. 14 C.F.R. 91.407: Operation after maintenance, preventive maintenance,

         rebuilding, or 
         alteration
  U. 14 C.F.R. 91.409: Inspections
  V. 14 C.F.R. 91.417: Maintenance records

                                                  Exhibit List

Exhibit 1: DJI Phantom 2 Manual
Exhibit 2: Phantom 2 ­ Features
Exhibit 3: Phantom 2 ­ Specs
Exhibit 4: Naza-M V2 Quick Start Guide
Exhibit 5: 5.8G Video Link User Manual
Exhibit 6: iOSD mini User Manual

Exhibit 7: DJI No Fly Zones

Exhibit 8: Futaba Receiver T14SG Manual

Exhibit 9: Memorandum from Mark W. Bury, Assistant Chief Counsel for Int'l Law,
Legislation and Regulations, Fed. Aviation Admin., to John Duncan, Dir., Flight
Standards Serv. (Aug. 8, 2014)

Exhibit 10: Douglas Trudeau, Realtor® Exemption No. 11138
I. Publishable Summary

Pursuant to 14 C.F.R. Part 11, the following summary is provided for publication in the Federal
Register, should it be determined that publication is needed:

Applicant seeks an exemption from the following rules:

14 C.F.R 21(h); 14 C.F.R. 43.7; 14 C.F.R. 43.11; 14 C.F.R. 45.11; 14 C.F.R. 45.27; 14 C.F.R.
45.29; 14 C.F.R. 91.7(a); 14 C.F.R. 91.9(b)(2); 14 C.F.R. 91.9(c); 14 C.F.R. 91.103(b)(2); 14
C.F.R. 91.105; 14 C.F.R. 91.113(b); 14 C.F.R. 91.119(b) and (c); 14 C.F.R. 91.151; 14 C.F.R.
91.203(a) and (b); 14 C.F.R. 215; 14 C.F.R. 91.403; 14 C.F.R. 405 (a) and (b); 14 C.F.R. 91.407;
14 C.F.R. 409; and 14 C.F.R. 91.417.

Approval of exemptions for NOKA Ventures, LLC will allow commercial operations of sUASs in
rural, remote, low density areas in Texas, for the purpose of real estate photography and
videography. The pilot in command (PIC), is a certified Air Transport Pilot with several type-
ratings, more than 4,100 hours of flight time, and has a first class medical certificate. The PIC is
a decorated combat veteran with extensive experience as an instructor and an evaluator. He
also was part of the initial cadre staff that developed the Air Force's first UAV/UAS
undergraduate training program for pilots and operators. The requested exemption should be
granted because the proposed operations of the DJI Phantom 2, a small UASs that weighs 2.9
lbs., inclusive of battery and payload, conducted in the strict conditions outlined below, will
provide an equivalent level of safety, as Congress intended, while still allowing commercial
operations. The lightweight aircraft covered by the exemption are far safer than conventional
operations conducted with manned helicopters and fixed-wing aircraft weighing thousands of
pounds, containing highly flammable fuel, and operating in close proximity to the ground and
people, as a similar UAS has been previously approved in Exemption No. 11138, Douglas
Trudeau, Realtor®. The seven factors Congress directed the FAA to consider when approving
Section 333 exemption petitions - size, weight, speed, operational capability, proximity to
airports, proximity to populated areas, and operation within visual line of sight ­ each support
the request. In particular, the aircraft are small and will operate at slow speeds, close to the
ground, far from airports and in low risk, low population environments.

In addition, the substantial experience of the PIC weighs heavily in favor of granting an
exemption.

II. Petitioner's Contact Information

NOKA Ventures, LLC
18310 Emerald Oaks, San Antonio, TX 78259
Tel: 210.454.2061
Email: NoelGarciaSA@gmail.com
III. NOKA Ventures, LLCs Operations

A. The sUAS

The requested exemption will permit the operation of the DJI Phantom 2. The Phantom 2 is a
small, unmanned multirotor aircraft, weighing 2.9 lbs. inclusive of batteries, the propeller guard,
and technical payload. This rotorcraft can operate at a speed up to 29 knots, but NOKA
Ventures, LLC will limit the speed to no more than 20 knots. The FAA has previously granted
Exemption No. 11138, allowing commercial flight of a member of the DJI Phantom 2 family, the
Phantom 2 Vision+. Exemption No. 11138 is attached to this petition as Exhibit 10.

The sUAS will have the following specifications:

Airframe: DJI Phantom 2
Flight Control System: Naza ­ M V2, which includes the main controller (MC), internal
measurement unit (IMU) with built-in internal sensor, barometric altimeter, which measures
attitude and altitude, compass, GPS, and radio receiver (Rx).
Transmitter (Tx): Futaba T14SG
Receiver (Rx): Internal to DJI Phantom 2
Data Link: 2.4G Data Link
Video Link: DJI AVL 58
Gimbal: H3-3D Zenmuse Gimbal for GoPro Hero
Camera: Go Pro Hero 3 Black
Batteries: 3S LiPo, 5200-mAh, 11.1V
iOSD: DJI iOSD mini, which allows live telemetry to be displayed on the video monitor, including
the battery level, and altitude.

Please refer to Exhibits 1-8 for further information about the sUAS and transmitter.

B. Flight Conditions

The sUAS will be flown in airspace under 400 feet above ground level ("AGL") and under
controlled conditions in rural areas. The majority of flights will take place under 100 feet AGL.
NOKA Ventures, LLCs operations will occur in rural, remote areas in Texas. NOKA Ventures,
LLC will avoid congested and densely populated areas and will only operate its sUAS in VMC,
visual meteorological conditions: no less than 500 feet below and no less than 2,000 feet
horizontally from a cloud or when visibility at least 3 statute miles from the PIC. NOKA Ventures,
LLC will always make a safety assessment of the risk of every operation, and will only operate
when it is determined that no undue hazards are present.

C. Flight Operations

NOKA Ventures, LLCs flight operations require that the sUAS will always be in the line of sight
of both a PIC and a monitor specialist, who will also act as the visual observer (VO). Flights will
be at altitudes of no more than 400 feet AGL, and at speeds less than 20 knots. Despite the 400
ft. AGL limit, most flights will take place at an altitude of no more than 100 ft. AGL.

The PIC, is a certified Air Transport Pilot with several type-ratings and more than 4,100 hours of
flight time. The PIC is a decorated combat veteran with extensive experience as an instructor
and an evaluator. He also was part of the initial cadre staff that developed the Air Forces' first
UAV/UAS undergraduate training program for pilots and operators

The PIC will visit and inspect for safety the area in which operations will take place. NOKA
Ventures, LLC will also contact any neighbors to notify them of the filming. The sUAS will only
fly over land which it has permission from the landowner or landowner's agent to fly above. The
notification will consist of, at minimum, the time, place, and type of UAS operation being
conducted. The PIC will also conduct a safety briefing with the property owners.

Upon arrival at a location for filming or photography, the flight crew will conduct an aerial and
ground preflight inspection. This inspection is listed in Appendix D to the Operations Manual.

NOKA Ventures, LLC will then set out traffic cones to designate the aircraft's "home area," which
will be a circle of approximately 20 feet in diameter to mark the sUAS take-off and landing zone.

Note: If the radio control link is broken during flight, the autopilot system will recognize this
broken control link and cause the sUAS to automatically return to the home area as recorded by
the GPS instrumentation.

The PIC will conduct a physical inspection of the aircraft as set out in Appendix D of the
Operations Manual.

The PIC will then power on the sUAS and set up a laptop connected to the sUAS with the DJI
AVL 58 video link. This laptop will display the telemetry information during the flight, and be
monitored by the VO. The VO will be able to see the images taken by the GoPro camera in real
time.

The PIC will then conduct a pre-flight inspection as outlined in Appendix D of the Operations
Manual.

At any time during the flight, should the aircraft lose connection with the remote control, the
flight control system failsafe will be activated automatically, and the aircraft will to return to the
previously-set home area and land, in order to reduce injuries or damage. If any of the following
situations occur, the aircraft will not receive a signal, and enter into this failsafe mode:

         !  The remote control is powered off; 

         !  The aircraft has flown out of the effective communication range of the remote 
         control, which is no greater than 1,000 meters (3,280 feet); 

         !  There is an obstacle obstructing the signal between the remote control and the 
         aircraft, essentially reducing the distance the signal can travel; or 

         !  There is interference causing a signal problem with the remote control.


         For further information regarding the DJI Phantom 2's failsafe functions, please refer to
         Exhibit 1, the DJI User Manual, Section 6.4, beginning on page 25 of that document, and
         Exhibit 4, the Naza-M V2 flight control guide, section on Advanced Functions, beginning
         on page 16 of that document.


         The DJI Phantom 2 also has "no fly zones" programmed into it, which will prevent flights
         in restricted zones. Although NOKA Ventures, LLC will take every precaution to avoid
         flying in airspace other than class G airspace, the preprogrammed "no fly zones" will add
         an additional level of safety to operations. For further information regarding the DJI's "no
         fly zones," please refer to Exhibit 1, Section 6.7 of the DJI User Manual, beginning on
         page 28 of that document, and Exhibit 7.

         IV. Privacy

There is little concern that the proposed flights will cause invasions of privacy because all flights
will occur over rural property with the property owner's prior knowledge and consent. The only
people and/or property to be filmed will have requested and hired NOKA Ventures, LLC for the
express purpose of filming and photographing the people and/or property with the sUAS.

No attempt will be made to identify any individuals filmed or photographed during the 8 flights
who have not consented to be filmed or photographed, except in cases where they are
trespassing upon or damaging customer property, or interfering with the applicant's or its
customers' operations

         V. Public Interest and Safety

Use of the sUAS will increase ground safety by eliminating the need to have a manned, aircraft
take the videos or photographs. As the FAA recognized in the Douglas Trudeau, Realtor®
Exemption, No. 11138:

"Manned aircraft conducting aerial filming and photography can weigh 5,000 lbs. or more, are
operated by an onboard pilot and may carry other onboard crewmembers, as well as 100
gallons or more of fuel. The petitioner's [sUAS] weighs less than 3 lbs. The pilot and crew will be
remotely located from the aircraft. The limited weight reduces the potential for harm to persons
or damage to property in the event of an incident or accident. The risk of an onboard pilot and
crew during an incident or accident is eliminated with the use of a (iv) (v) within Class G
airspace; and outside of 5 statute miles from any airport, heliport, seaplane base, spaceport, or
other location with aviation activities."

[sUAS] for the proposed operation." Exhibit 10 at 11-12.

As in the cited exemption, NOKA Ventures, LLC will use a member of the DJI Phantom family,
the DJI Phantom 2. This sUAS also weighs 2.9 lbs., inclusive of battery and payload.

During NOKA Ventures, LLCs operations, the PIC and VO will similarly be safely on the ground,
directing the DJI Phantom 2 at altitudes no higher than 400 feet AGL. NOKA Ventures, LLC will
not fly over congested or densely populated locations. The PIC will make a safety assessment
prior to each operation, and will only operate when there are no undue risks.
The small weight, 2.9 lbs., is less than the size envisioned in Section 334(c)(2)(C) of the FAA
Modernization and Reform Act of 2012, which allows government agencies "to operate
unmanned aircraft weighing 4.4 pounds or less, if operated ­

   . (i)  within the line of sight of the operator; 

   . (ii)  less than 400 feet above the ground; 

   . (iii)  during daylight conditions; 

Congress's determination that government agencies should be allowed to operate such aircraft
in these situations, with no further restrictions on location, population density, or pilot experience
and training, indicates that Congress did not believe that aircraft of this size and weight
warranted additional attention.

VI. Regulations from Which Exemption is Requested

A. 14 C.F.R. 21(h): Airworthiness Certificates

NOKA Ventures, LLC requests an exemption from 14 C.F.R. 21(h). This exemption meets the
requirements for an equivalent level of safety pursuant to Section 333 based on the small size,
light weight, relatively slow speed, and use in controlled environments on private land, as
described previously in this petition. In Exemption No. 11138, the FAA stated that the Secretary
of Transportation has determined that a member of the DJI Phantom 2 family, the Phantom 2
Vision+ meets the statutory conditions of Section 333, considering the size, weight, speed, and
limited operating area associated with the aircraft and its operation. See Exhibit 10 at 11.

Equivalent level of safety: NOKA Ventures, LLCs proposed exemption meets the requirements
for an equivalent level of safety of this section, pursuant to Section 333, based on the following
factors:

         !  Small size: the DJI Phantom 2 has a diagonal length of 350 millimeters, 13.77 
         inches. 

         !  Light weight: 2.9 lbs. 

         !  Relatively slow speed: the PIC will limit the sUAS's speed to 20 knots (23 miles 
         per hour). 

         !  Operational capacity: currently, the DJI Phantom 2 can operate for 25 minutes. 
         Flights will be terminated when 25% of the battery life remains. The DJI Phantom 
         2 can travel no more than 1,000 meters, 3280.84 feet, from the receiver. 
         !  Proximity to airports: NOKA Ventures, LLC will only operate in Class G airspace.

         !  Operation within visual line of sight: The PIC will always fly the sUAS within its 
         line of sight. 

         !  Location: NOKA Ventures, LLC will operate in rural, remote areas, with low
         population density, 
         in Texas to take photographs and video. 

         !  Altitude: no more than 400 feet AGL, but the majority of flights are anticipated at 
         no more than 100 feet AGL. 

         !  Restricted area in which the sUAS will be operated: as described above, prior to 
         the day of filming, the flight crew will visit with neighbors to inform them of the filming
         over the consenting landowner's property. During filming, which will occur in rural areas,
         the flight crew will set out cones to mark the "home area" for the sUAS, and will monitor
         the area to make sure no one comes into the flight area. Should any nonparticipating
         individual enter the flight area, operations will immediately cease. See Exhibit 10 at 19. 

         !  Substantial experience of the PIC: the PIC is an Air Transport Pilot, decorated
         combat veteran with extensive instructor and evaluator experience, and was part of the
         initial cadre staff that developed the Air Forces' first UAV/UAS undergraduate training
         program for pilots and operators

B. 14 C.F.R. 43.7: Persons authorized to approve aircraft, airframes, aircraft engines,
         propellers, appliances, or component parts for return to service after
         maintenance, preventive maintenance, rebuilding, or alteration.

NOKA Ventures, LLC requests an exemption from 14 C.F.R. 43.7. This part provides, inter alia,
that the holder of a mechanic certificate or a repair station certificate may approve an aircraft,
airframe, aircraft engine, propeller, appliance, or component part for return to service. As
described previously, NOKA Ventures, LLC will be capable to repair and maintain the DJI
Phantom 2 to meet an equivalent level of safety of this section.

Equivalent level of safety: The nature of the sUAS is that of a model aircraft, and the
operators of NOKA Ventures, LLC who will maintain and when necessary repair the sUAS will
conduct inspections and maintenance based on maintenance guidelines provided by the
manufacturer of the sUAS, DJI. See Exhibits 1-5. The capabilities of these operators to maintain
and repair the sUAS will be listed in the operator's manual and meet the requirements for an
equivalent level of safety pursuant to Section 333 for the type of sUAS, its intended use, and the
rural operating environment.

C. 14 C.F.R. 43.11: Content, form, and disposition of records for inspections conducted
under parts 91 and 125 and §§135.411(a)(1) and 135.419 of this chapter.
NOKA Ventures, LLC requests an exemption from 14 C.F.R. 43.11. This part provides, inter alia,
that maintenance record entries be maintained and for the listing of discrepancies and placards
by inspectors. The sUAS, due to its small size, does not have room for placards to be placed in
or on it and no inspections for sUAS have been certified by FAA at the present time.

Equivalent level of safety: NOKA Ventures, LLC will keep log books of all maintenance and
repairs at the ground station, as envisioned in the FAA Memorandum subject, "Interpretation
regarding whether certain required documents may be kept at an unmanned aircraft's control
station," dated August 8, 2014. See Exhibit 8. This request provides an equivalent level of safety
as 14 C.F.R. 43.11 because the documentation will be at the ground station with the PIC, where
it will be useable in case of an emergency, rather than with the sUAS which could be up to
1,000 meters from the operator.

D. 14 C.F.R. 45.11: Marking of products.

NOKA Ventures, LLC requests an exemption from 14 C.F.R. 45.11. This part provides, inter alia,
that the manufacturers of aircraft, engines, propellers, mark such aircraft, engines, or propellers
with an approved fireproof identification plate. The sUAS, due to its small size, does not have
room for fireproof placards to be placed in it. Any required placards could become hazardous,
due to the additional weight and strain placed on the sUAS. Any additional weight or placards on
the 2.9 lbs. sUAS could create a risk, due to the very small size and nature of the DJI Phantom
2.

Equivalent level of safety: NOKA Ventures, LLCs PIC and VO will keep information related to
the DJI Phantom 2, including the user manual, at the ground control station and affix its N-
Number, once obtained from the FAA Registration Office, on the "arms" of the sUAS as large as
practicably possible. This exemption provides an equivalent level of safety to 14 C.F.R. 45.11
because the relevant documentation containing the serial number will be at the ground station
with the PIC, where it will be useable in case of an emergency, rather than with the sUAS. In
addition, the fuselage is marked with "DJI," the manufacturer of the sUAS.

E. 14 C.F.R. 45.27: Location of marks; nonfixed-wing aircraft

NOKA Ventures, LLC requests an exemption from 14 C.F.R. 45.27. This part provides, inter alia,
that each operator of a rotorcraft must display on that rotorcraft horizontally on both surfaces of
the cabin, fuselage, boom, or tail the marks required by §45.23. The sUAS, due to its small size,
does not have a cabin, fuselage, boom or tail to display the marks required by §45.23.

Equivalent level of safety: Once NOKA Ventures, LLC receives its N-Number, it will display
these marks on the "arms" of the aircraft as large as practicably possible. This exemption
provides an equivalent level of safety to 14 C.F.R. 45.27 because the sUAS will be registered
with the FAA Aircraft Registration Branch. In the event of incident, the sUAS will be traceable to
NOKA Ventures, LLC.

F. 14 C.F.R. 45.29: Size of marks

NOKA Ventures, LLC requests an exemption from 14 C.F.R. 45.27. This part provides, inter alia,
at subpart (3) that the registration marks for rotorcraft must be at least 12 inches high. The
sUAS, due to its small size, does not have any surface area large enough to display marks
anywhere near 12 inches high.
Equivalent level of safety: NOKA Ventures, LLC will affix its registration number as large as
practicably possible on its "arms" once it obtains the N-Number. This exemption provides an
equivalent level of safety to 14 C.F.R. 45.29 because the sUAS will be registered with the FAA
Aircraft Registration Branch. In the event of incident, the sUAS will be traceable to NOKA
Ventures, LLC.

G. 14 C.F.R. 91.7(a): Civil aircraft airworthiness.

The FAA has previously stated that no exemption is required for a member of the DJI Phantom
2 family. Exhibit 8 at 17. NOKA Ventures, LLC requests the same determination to be made for
its DJI Phantom 2.

Alternatively, NOKA Ventures, LLC requests an exemption from 14 C.F.R. 91.7(a). The
regulation requires that no person may operate a civil aircraft unless it is in airworthy condition.
As there will be no airworthiness certificate issued for the aircraft should this exemption be
granted, no standard will exist for determining airworthiness.

Equivalent level of safety: NOKA Ventures, LLC will keep the DJI Phantom 2's maintenance
and safety information at the ground station, where it will be readily accessible to the PIC and
VO before, during, and after operations. This exemption provides an equivalent level of safety
as 14 C.F.R. 91.7(a) because the PIC will be able to make the determination of whether the
sUAS is in an airworthy mechanical and electrical condition, in accordance with 14 C.F.R.
91.7(b).

H. 14 C.F.R. 91.9(b)(2): Civil aircraft flight manual, marking, and placard requirements.

The FAA has previously stated that no exemption is required for a member of the DJI Phantom
2 family. Exhibit 10 at 17. NOKA Ventures, LLC requests the same determination to be made for
its DJI Phantom 2.

Alternatively, NOKA Ventures, LLC requests an exemption from 14 C.F.R. 91.9(b)(2). This part
provides:

"(b) No person may operate a U.S.-registered civil aircraft...

(2) For which an Airplane or Rotorcraft Flight Manual is not required by §21.5 of this chapter,
unless there is available in the aircraft a current approved Airplane or Rotorcraft Flight Manual,
approved manual material, markings, and placards, or any combination thereof."

First, there does not currently exist a method of approving manuals for sUAS. Second, given the
size and configuration of the sUAS, there is no space to carry such a flight manual on

the aircraft. In addition, carrying the manual on the aircraft would be pointless, since there is no
pilot or other person on board who could read or use it. On August 8, 2014, the FAA issued a
memorandum entitled "Interpretation regarding whether certain required documents may be
kept at an unmanned aircraft's control station." This document stated, in part "maintaining these
documents at the pilot's control station would meet the intent of the rule as the pilot would be
able to produce the documents for his or her own information or to an FAA inspector." See
Exhibit 9.
Equivalent level of safety: NOKA Ventures, LLC will keep its flight manual at the ground
station, where both the PIC and VO can access it. An equivalent level of safety to 14 C.F.R.
91.9(b)(2) is provided because the intent of this rule ­ the pilot having access to this material
during flight ­ is met.

I. 14 C.F.R. 91.9(c): Civil aircraft flight manual, marking, and placard requirements.

NOKA Ventures, LLC requests an exemption from 14 C.F.R. 91.9(c). This part provides: "(c) No
person may operate a U.S.-registered civil aircraft unless that aircraft is identified in accordance
with part 45 of this chapter."

As stated above, NOKA Ventures, LLC will obtain an N-Number from the FAA Registration
Office and the sUAS, due to its small size, does not have room to contain fireproof placard or to
display aircraft marks in a conventional size. However, once NOKA Ventures, LLC obtains an N-
Number, it will place the number on the "arms" of the aircraft as large as practicably possible.

Equivalent level of safety: NOKA Ventures, LLC will obtain its N-Number from the FAA
Registration Office and affix it to the "arms" of the aircraft as large as practicably possible. An
equivalent level of safety to 14 C.F.R. 91.9(c) is met because the sUAS will be registered with
the FAA and identifiable in the event of an incident.

J. 14 C.F.R. 91.103(b)(2): Preflight action.

NOKA Ventures, LLC requests an exemption from 14 C.F.R. 91.103(b)(2) to the extent that is
applicable. This part provides:

"Each pilot in command shall, before beginning a flight, become familiar with all available
information concerning that flight. This information must include--... (b) For any flight, runway
lengths at airports of intended use, and the following takeoff and landing distance information: ...
(2) For civil aircraft other than those specified in paragraph (b)(1) of this section, other reliable
information appropriate to the aircraft, relating to aircraft performance under expected values of
airport elevation and runway slope, aircraft gross weight, and wind and temperature."

NOKA Ventures, LLCs PIC in fact will, before beginning a flight, become familiar with all
available information concerning that flight, including the aircraft performance under expected
elevations, the gross weight of the aircraft (which will be no more than 2.9 lbs.), and the wind
and temperature. As the flights of the sUAS will not be at airports the information required of
Part 91.103(b)(2) does not apply.

Equivalent level of safety: NOKA Ventures, LLC shall perform preflight operations as outlined
previously in this petition, and flights will not be at airports. An equivalent level of safety to 14
C.F.R. 91.103(b)(2) will be met because the PIC will become familiar with the conditions prior to
the flight, including the aircraft performance under expected elevations, the gross weight of the
aircraft (which will be no more than 2.9 lbs), and the wind and temperature.

K. 14 C.F.R. 91.105: Flight crewmembers at stations.

NOKA Ventures, LLC requests an exemption from 14 C.F.R. 91.105 since this part is not
applicable due to the sUAS carrying no flight crewmembers.
Equivalent level of safety: NOKA Ventures, LLC will not operate the aircraft unless someone is
at the controls at all times, and each flight will be manually flown, with the exception of the DJI
Phantom 2's automated safety features. This will provide an equivalent level of safety to 14
C.F.R. 91.105 because the flight crew will be at their stations at all times during the flight. The
stations will not be on the aircraft but on the ground.

L. 14 C.F.R. 91.113(b): Right-of-way rules: Except water operations.

NOKA Ventures, LLC requests an exemption from 14 C.F.R. 113(b) to the extent that it applies
to overhead aircraft operating at or above 500 feet AGL as the sUAS will be operating no higher
than 400 feet AGL. This part provides:

"(b): General. When weather conditions permit, regardless of whether an operation is conducted
under instrument flight rules or visual flight rules, vigilance shall be maintained by each person
operating an aircraft so as to see and avoid other aircraft. When a rule of this section gives
another aircraft the right-of-way, the pilot shall give way to that aircraft and may not pass over,
under, or ahead of it unless well clear."

For example, if another aircraft is operating overhead at 10,000 feet AGL there is no danger
posed to that other aircraft if the sUAS is operating under it or ahead of it at or beneath 400 feet
AGL. Despite this, should another aircraft enter the area in which NOKA Ventures, LLC is
operation, because the flight will be within his line of sight, the PIC will be able to give right of
way to that aircraft.

Equivalent level of safety: NOKA Ventures, LLC will operate its sUAS to see and avoid and
give way to other aircraft that should enter airspace at or below 400 feet AGL, and will give right-
of-way to manned aircraft. All flights will be in class G airspace and the majority of flights will be
at no more than 100 feet AGL, which will create a very slim chance that NOKA Ventures, LLCs
operations will interfere with a manned aircraft's flight. This will provide an equivalent level of
safety to 14 C.F.R. 91.113(b) because the sUAS has significantly greater mobility than a much
larger, manned aircraft. As a result, the PIC will be able to react and respond much more quickly
than the other pilot.

M. 14 C.F.R. 91.119(c): Minimum safe altitudes: General.

NOKA Ventures, LLC requests an exemption from 14 C.F.R. 91.119 subpart (c). This regulation
provides:

"Except when necessary for takeoff or landing, no person may operate an aircraft below the
following altitudes...

(c) Over other than congested areas. An altitude of 500 feet above the surface, except over
open water or sparsely populated areas. In those cases, the aircraft may not be operated closer
than 500 feet to any person, vessel, vehicle, or structure."

NOKA Ventures, LLC will not operate the sUAS any higher than 400 feet AGL.

Equivalent level of safety: NOKA Ventures, LLC will operate the sUAS no higher than 400 feet
AGL, and it is anticipated that the majority of operations will be no higher than 100 feet AGL.
NOKA Ventures, LLC will not operate in congested areas,.
The 400 feet AGL maximum will provide an equivalent level of safety to 14 C.F.R. 91.119(c)
because, since 1981 with AC 91-57, this height has been an operating standard for model
aircraft. Additionally, in Section 334(c)(2)(C), Congress determined that sUAS operated by
public agencies flying sUAS the size of and larger than NOKA Ventures, LLCs DJI Phantom 2
could fly up to 400 feet AGL.

N. 14 C.F.R. 91.121: Altimeter Settings

NOKA Ventures, LLC requests an exemption from 14 C.F.R. 91.121. This Part provides
guidelines for altimeter use in maintaining the cruising altitude or flight level of the aircraft.
NOKA Ventures, LLC is not requesting a general exemption from the requirement that its sUAS
have an Altimeter. The DJI Phantom 2's flight controller will have an internal measurement unit
("IMU"). The IMU has a built-in internal sensor and a barometric altimeter that measures both
attitude and altitude. See Exhibit 1, Appendix B, page 5. Rather, NOKA Ventures, LLC requests
an exemption from the requirement to set its altimeter to a station along the route, of out of an
airport, because the DJI Phantom 2 is not traveling point-to-point and is limited in the distance it
can travel from the PIC. Additionally, NOKA Ventures, LLC will not be flying into or out of an
airport.

Equivalent level of safety: The requested exemption provides an equivalent level of safety to
14 C.F.R 91.121 because NOKA Ventures, LLC will not operate the sUAS above 400 feet AGL
in a sustained cruising flight mode such as a manned aircraft will typically fly. The PIC will at all
times be controlling the maximum height of the sUAS through the telemetry features of the DJI
controller. Additionally, the sUAS will be operated within the line of sight of the PIC. The FAA has
previously granted this exemption for similar proposed operations. See Exhibit 10.

O. 14 C.F.R. 91.151: Fuel requirements for flight in VFR conditions.

The sUAS NOKA Ventures, LLC will fly is powered by electricity, using lithium polymer batteries
that currently have a flight limit of approximately no more than 25 minutes. (See Exhibits 1 and
10). Therefore, due to the limitations of the batteries, it is currently impossible to comply with
Part 91.151. However, the sUAS will be operated in a manner with at least the equivalent level
of safety as that of a manned aircraft complying with Part 91.151.

Operation of an sUAS with less than 30 minutes of reserve fuel does not engender the type of
risks that Section 91.151(a) was intended to alleviate. During the entire flight, the PIC will
always have a visual line of sight of the sUAS and the VO will be monitoring the battery life via

the telemetry display on the laptop at the ground station. The sUAS will always have enough
power to land safely, given the minimum level of reserve capacity of the batteries.

NOKA Ventures, LLC will limit flights to 75% of battery capacity. With the battery NOKA
Ventures, LLC currently uses, the 75% point occurs at 18 minutes, leaving 7 minutes for the
sUAS to reach the planned landing zone. This amount of time will be more than sufficient for the
PIC to safely return to and land in the "home area." As battery power increases, the number of
minutes the sUAS can operate before reaching the 75% mark will also increase. As new
batteries are obtained and put into use, NOKA Ventures, LLC will continue to terminate flights
after 75% of battery power has been used.
Applicant believes that an exemption from 14 CFR §91.151(a) is consistent with the scope of
similar exemptions already granted to other operations. Exhibit 10.

Equivalent level of safety: NOKA Ventures, LLC will limit flights 75% of battery power. The
proposed exemption meets an equivalent level of safety to 14 C.F.R. 91.151 because, given the
limitations on NOKA Ventures, LLCs proposed operations and the location of those operations,
a reduced minimum power reserve for flight in daylight VFR conditions is reasonable.

P. 14 C.F.R. 91.203(a) and (b): Civil aircraft: Certifications required.

The FAA has previously determined that exemption from 14 C.F.R. 91.203(a) and (b) is not
necessary. See Exhibit 10 at 17.

Alternatively, NOKA Ventures, LLC requests an exemption from 14 C.F.R. 91.203(a) and (b).
This section provides in part:

"(a) Except as provided in § 91.715, no person may operate a civil aircraft unless it has within it
the following:

(1) An appropriate and current airworthiness certificate...

(2) An effective U.S. registration certificate issued to its owner...

(b) No person may operate a civil aircraft unless the airworthiness certificate required by
paragraph (a) of this section or a special flight authorization issued under § 91.715 is displayed
at the cabin or cockpit entrance so that it is legible to passengers or crew."

First, there are currently no procedures in effect for providing airworthiness certificates for
sUAS. However, as a condition to the approval of exemption, NOKA Ventures, LLC will display
its N-Number, once received, on the sUAS, and the operator will have, at the ground station, the
user manual for the DJI Phantom 2.

Second, the sUAS NOKA Ventures, LLC will use the DJI Phantom 2, which has an equivalent
level of safety as a manned aircraft with an airworthiness certificate. Please refer to Exhibit 10,
Exemption No. 11138, as NOKA Ventures, LLCs DJI Phantom 2 is in the same sUAS family as
the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+, which was the subject of that exemption. This sUAS provides a
number of safety features, including the automatic return to home failsafe discussed in detail
above.

Because of the use of GPS with the sUAS, the operator will set the initial location of flight
takeoff ("home position") and if the radio control link is broken, the autopilot system will
recognize this broken control link and cause the sUAS to automatically return to the home
position as recorded by the GPS instrumentation. Exhibits 1-7. Additionally, because the sUAS
team will mark off an area with traffic cones that has a 20 ft. radius, approximately 30 ft. from
the operators that will be used as the "home position" for the sUAS to return, no one will be
standing in the way of the path.

These safety enhancements provide a greater degree of safety to the public and property
owners than conventional operations conducted with airworthiness certificates issued under
Subpart H. Application of these same criteria demonstrates that there is no credible threat to
national security posed by the UAS, due to its size, speed of operation, location of operation,
lack of explosive materials or flammable liquid fuels, and inability to carry a substantial payload.

In the restricted environment and under the conditions proposed, operation of the sUAS will be
at least as safe as a conventional aircraft (fixed wing or rotorcraft) operating with an
airworthiness certificate but without the restrictions and conditions proposed. NOKA Ventures,
LLC will not accept assignments from clients that would take place in Class B, C, D, or E
airspace. NOKA Ventures, LLC will avoid flying over congested and populated areas and will
work with local FSDO to avoid these areas when planning operations.

Equivalent level of safety: The sUAS to be operated hereunder is 2.9 lbs. inclusive of batteries
and technical payload, carries neither a pilot nor passengers, and carries no explosive materials
or flammable liquid fuels. The sUASs operating under this exemption will be tightly controlled
and monitored by the operator and the observer, and in compliance with local public safety
requirements, to provide security for the area of operation. Granting the proposed exemption will
achieve an equivalent level of safety to 14 C.F.R. 91.203(a) and (b) because of the small size of
the sUAS and the operational limits set out above.

Q. 14 C.F.R. 91.215: ATC Transponder and Altitude Reporting Equipment and Use

This section requires that installed Air Traffic Control (ATC) transponder equipment must meet
specific performance and environmental requirements, and aircraft must be equipped with an
operable coded radar beacon transponder.

There are presently no known commercially available ATC transponders that meet the payload
requirements of a sUAS and are available at reasonable cost. However, because the sUASs
used by NOKA Ventures, LLC will not be flying into or near airports, and will fly no higher than
400 feet AGL, there is very low risk of collision with any manned aircraft. In addition, because
there will be no need to have contemporaneous communication with ATC Control, due to the
short distances, short flight times, and restricted altitude the sUASs will operate within, NOKA
Ventures, LLC requests an exemption from this section. Additionally, the sUAS is too small to
contain ATC transponder equipment in any form factor that is known to be available
commercially.

Equivalent level of safety: An equivalent level of safety to 14 C.F.R. 91.215 will be met
because NOKA Ventures, LLC will not fly its sUAS into or near airports, and all operations will
be below 400 feet AGL, so there is very low risk of collision with any manned aircraft. NOKA
Ventures, LLC also give right of way to any manned aircraft that do appear.

R. 14 C.F.R. 91.403: General

This section requires that the owner or operator of an aircraft is primarily responsible for
maintaining that aircraft in an airworthy condition. NOKA Ventures, LLC will adhere to this
requirement. However, this Section also limits maintenance to that "prescribed in this subpart
and other applicable regulations, including part 43 of this chapter." Because of this limitation,
and because of the exemptions under Part 43 requested above, NOKA Ventures, LLC requests
an exemption from this Section.
This exemption meets the requirements for an equivalent level of safety pursuant to Section 333
based on the small size, light weight, relatively slow speed, and use in controlled rural
environments on private, secured land, as described previously in this petition.

Equivalent level of safety: To achieve an equivalent level of safety to 14 C.F.R. 91.403, NOKA
Ventures, LLC will maintain its sUAS in an airworthy condition and adhere to all manufacturer
requirements for inspecting and maintaining the DJI Phantom 2. NOKA Ventures, LLC will keep
records of maintenance to the sUAS, and these records will be available to the PIC and VO
before, during, and after operations of the sUAS.

S. 14 C.F.R. 91.405 (a) and (d): Maintenance Required

This section requires that aircraft be inspected as prescribed by Section E, 14 C.F.R.
§§91.401-91.421. As shown below, NOKA Ventures, LLC is applying for an exemption for these
sections, due to the fact that its operators will inspect the sUAS prior to each flight and keep
maintenance records of all parts that are replaced, in accordance with DJI's instructions.
Because the Sections discussed below are concerned with manned aircraft, and as such have
inspection requirements designed for the safety of passengers, they are inapplicable to NOKA
Ventures, LLC.

NOKA Ventures, LLC is also applying for an exemption to subpart (d) of this section, which
requires a placard to be installed and references §43.11. As noted previously, NOKA Ventures,
LLC requests an exemption to the placard requirement, because, due to the small size of the
sUAS, there is no room to place the placard.

Despite the requested exemption from subparts (a) and (d) of this section, NOKA Ventures, LLC
will follow subparts (b) and (c) of this subpart.

Equivalent level of safety: To achieve an equivalent level of safety to 14 C.F.R. 91.405(a) and
(b), NOKA Ventures, LLC will keep logbooks detailing all maintenance and repairs to the sUAS.
The logbooks will be available to the PIC and VO before, during, and after sUAS operation.
Prior to conducting post-maintenance operations, the flight crew will conduct a test flight to
ensure that the sUAS functions properly. The FAA has previously determined that following the
manufacturer's requirements for maintenance, inspection, and record keeping are sufficient to
ensure that safety is not adversely affected. Exhibit 10 at 13.

T. 14 C.F.R. 91.407: Operation after maintenance, preventive maintenance, rebuilding, or
alteration

This section requires that any aircraft which "has undergone maintenance, preventative
maintenance, rebuilding, or alteration unless . . . [i]t has been approved for return to service by a
person authorized under § 43.7 of this chapter . . .."

However, NOKA Ventures, LLC has requested an exemption from §§ 43.7 and 43.11 as
described previously. The capability of the operators to maintain and repair the sUAS meets the
requirements for an equivalent level of safety pursuant to Section 333 for both the type of sUAS,
its intended use, and the rural operating environment. Additionally, due to the small size of the
sUAS, there is no room to place inspection placards.
Therefore, because NOKA Ventures, LLC has requested an exemption from 43.7 and 43.11,
NOKA Ventures, LLC respectfully requests an exemption from 91.407. The PIC, who holds an
Air Transport Pilot certificate, will conduct maintenance on the sUAS and keep logs of the
battery cycle and repairs needed on the body or the propellers of the DJI Phantom 2.

Equivalent level of safety: The proposed exemption will meet an equivalent level of safety to
14 C.F.R. 91.407 because NOKA Ventures, LLC will regularly inspect and maintain its sUASs in
accordance with the DJI operator manual, and keep detailed inspection and maintenance
records that will be available to the PIC and VO before, during, and after operations. Prior to
conducting post- maintenance operations, NOKA Ventures, LLC will conduct a test flight to
ensure that the sUAS functions properly.

U. 14 C.F.R. 91.409: Inspections

This section lays out specific requirements for inspections of aircraft. NOKA Ventures, LLC
respectfully requests an exemption from these requirements because they are intended to
maintain the safety of manned aircraft significantly larger and capable of significantly longer
flights than is sUAS. NOKA Ventures, LLCs pre-flight and post-flight inspections meet or exceed
the level of safety achieved by adherence to 14 C.F.R. 91.409.

Equivalent level of safety: As discussed above and in Appendix D, NOKA Ventures, LLC has
an inspection procedure that provides an equivalent level of safety to 14 C.F.R. 91.409. Before
and after each flight, the flight crew will conduct an inspection of the sUAS as described
previously.

V. 14 C.F.R. 91.417: Maintenance records

NOKA Ventures, LLC respectfully requests an exemption from this Section, as it is only
applicable for aircraft with an airworthiness certificate. Because NOKA Ventures, LLC will not
have an airworthiness certificate, this Section is inapplicable.

Equivalent level of safety: The requested exemption will meet an equivalent level of safety to
14 C.F.R. 91.417 because NOKA Ventures, LLC will keep detailed maintenance records on
every part as it is replaced, including but not limited to propellers, batteries, and electrical
components. The detailed maintenance records will be accessible to the PIC and the VO
before, during, and after operations.
12/17/2014                                             Phantom 2  Features | DJI

                                             Store (Https://Store.Dji.Com/)  Products (Http://Www.Dji.Com/Products)                      Support (Http://Www.Dji.Com/Support)

Community

                                                                                                          Search dji.com...                                       United States (English)

(http://www.dji.com/product/phantom-2)Overview (Http://Www.Dji.Com/Product/Phantom-2) Features (Http://Www.Dji.Com/Product/Phantom-2/Feature) Specs (Http://Www.Dji.Com/Product/Phantom-2/Spec)

Videos (Http://Www.Dji.Com/Product/Phantom-2/Video) Downloads (Http://Www.Dji.Com/Product/Phantom-2/Download) Wiki (Http://Wiki.Dji.Com/En/Index.Php/Phantom_2)

Dealers (Http://Www.Dji.Com/Product/Phantom-2/Dealer)  Buy Now (Https://Store.Dji.Com/Product/Phantom-2)

                                                                                                                                                                         Body
                                                                                                                                                                  Remote Control

                                                                                                                                                                     With H3-3D

                                                                                                                                                                  click and drag

            Highlights

                                                                             CREATE ASTONISHING
                                                                             AERIALS

                                                                             The Phantom 2 is unbelievably easy to fly. Combined with
                                                                             smooth, stabilized footage from the H3-2D or H3-3D gimbal,
                                                                             aerial cinematography and videography has never been easier.
                                                                             It's light, rugged and perfect for travel.

                                                                             Requires Zenmuse H3-2D or H3-3D, video downlink and
                                                                             monitor.

                                             REAL FLIGHT AT YOUR FINGERTIPS

                                             See what the camera sees and lose yourself in picture quality so good it will feel like you're in the sky yourself.

http://www.dji.com/product/phantom2/feature            22Requires DJI Lightbridge, iOSD mini or iOSD MK II, video downlink and monitor.                                                          1/6
12/17/2014                                   Phantom 2  Features | DJI

            DJI LIGHTBRIDGE
            SOLUTION

            The DJI Lightbridge 2.4G full HD digital video downlink features a native OSD system
            that needs no additional equipment, for an all-in-one FPV experience. Once
            connected, you can control your flight controller through its built-in 2.4G remote
            control link or DJI 5.8G remote control.

            DJI IOSD
            SOLUTION

            Install an iOSD MK II or iOSD mini to see real-time flight data.

            UNBELIEVABLE INTELLIGENCE

            Program your flight path from an iPad with the 16 waypoint Ground Station system, to shoot with more precision than
            ever. (Requires DJI 2.4G Bluetooth(R) Datalink.)

                 Technology                  23                                                                                  2/6

http://www.dji.com/product/phantom2/feature
12/17/2014                                                           Phantom 2  Features | DJI

                               ALL-IN-ONE NEW DESIGN

            Self-tightening Propeller

                                                                                                                Micro USB Port
                                                                                                                                CAN-Bus Expansion Module

            INTELLIGENT, LONG LASTING                                                25% ­ 50% ­ 75% ­ 100% Battery Capacity

            BATTERY

            The high capacity, high performance 5200mAh Lithium Polymer
            battery offers up to 25 minutes of flight time. It provides battery
            capacity data, over charge/discharge protection, as well as
            maintenance reminders making the battery extremely safe and
            reliable.

                        FLIGHT TIME

                  25 Mins

            Gimbal Control                                                           GREATER CONTROL

                                                                                     The upgraded remote control comes with many new features. A gimbal
                                                                                     control dial, trainer port, built-in rechargeable LiPo battery with a
                                                                                     capacity of 2000mAh, battery level LED indicators and throttle locking
                                                                                     feature that holds the throttle stick in place when descending are all
                                                                                     included. The new remote control is compatible with the Phantom 2
                                                                                     Vision+ and Phantom 2.

                                             Battery Life

                                                                                                                       Trainer Port

                                                                                     Use DJI Lightbridge to control your aircraft or connect the remote
                                                                                     control to your computer via the trainer port to run a simulation
                                                                                     application and practice your flying skills.

http://www.dji.com/product/phantom2/feature                                      24                                                                          3/6
12/17/2014                                                                                Phantom 2  Features | DJI

                                 IMPROVED POWER

            New motors, propellers, and ESCs combine to give you greater thrust and control than ever before. You can load more equipment on your
                           Phantom, and achieve up to 200g/arm of extra thrust when using a 3S LiPo battery with this completely new system.

            NEW COMPASS

            A new, anti-static compass has been
            developed, with a protective shell to help
            shield it in any flight conditions.

                EASY BATTERY                                                              25                                                       4/6
                REPLACEMENT

                                           Integrated battery compartment allows battery
                                           changes in a matter of seconds.

http://www.dji.com/product/phantom2/feature
12/17/2014                                                  Phantom 2  Features | DJI

            Functions                                                    PRECISION FLIGHT AND
                                                                         STABLE HOVERING

                                                                                                An integrated GPS auto-pilot system that offers position holding,
                                                                                                altitude lock and stable hovering allows you to focus attention to be
                                                                                                focused on shooting.

                                                                  Out of Range      AUTO RETURN-TO-HOME
                                             Return to Home                         /ONE-KEY GO-HOME

                       Home Point            Control Range                          If the Phantom 2 and its controller are disconnected during flight, the system's
                                                                                    failsafe protection will activate, automatically telling and if the signal is good
                                                                                    enough, the Phantom 2 to return home and land automatically.

                                                                                    You can also setup a One Key Go Home function to activate this feature
                                                                                    manually.

                                                                                    NO FLY ZONES FEATURE

                                                                                    In order to increase flight safety and prevent accidental flights in restricted areas, the
                                                                                    new firmware for the Phantom 2 series includes a No Fly Zone feature.

                                                                                    These zones have been divided into two categories: A and B. For a full explanation of
                                                                                    the difference between the categories and to view a complete list of places included,
                                                                                    please click here (http://www.dji.com/fly-safe/category-mc).

http://www.dji.com/product/phantom2/feature                                     26                                                                                              5/6
12/17/2014                                   Phantom 2  Features | DJI

(/topics/phantom)                            DJI OFFICIAL STORE                          DJI AUTHORIZED DEALERS                                                           HELP AND SUPPORT
                COMPARE PHANTOMS

(http://www.dji.com/products/compare-        (https://store.dji.com/product/phantom-2)              (/product/phantom-2/dealer)                               Wiki
                     phantom)                                                                                                     (http://wiki.dji.com/en/index.php/Pha
                                                        Buy from the DJI Official Store          Buy from DJI authorized dealers
                 Compare Now                                                                                                                             Downloads
(http://www.dji.com/products/compare-                              Buy Now               Find a local dealer (/product/phantom-       (http://www.dji.com/product/phan
                                             (https://store.dji.com/product/phantom-2)                        2/dealer)
                     phantom)                                                                                                                            2/download)
                                                                                                                                      Support (http://www.dji.com/sup

                                                                                                                                              After-sales Service Policies
                                                                                                                                              (http://www.dji.com/service)

About DJI (http://www.dji.com/company) Contact DJI (http://www.dji.com/contact) News (http://www.dji.com/info) Media Coverage (http://www.dji.com/info/media-coverage)
  Showcase (http://www.dji.com/showcase) Careers (http://we.dji.com/en.html) DJI Wiki (http://wiki.dji.com/en) After-sales Service Policies (http://www.dji.com/service)
  Website Feedback (/support/website-feedback) DJI SDK (http://dev.dji.com)

           (http://www.dji.com/) Copyright © 2014 DJI All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy (http://www.dji.com/policy) Terms
of Use (http://www.dji.com/terms)

http://www.dji.com/product/phantom2/feature                      27                                                                                                       6/6
12/17/2014                                             Phantom 2  Specs | DJI

                                          Store (Https://Store.Dji.Com/)      Products (Http://Www.Dji.Com/Products)         Support (Http://Www.Dji.Com/Support)

Community

                                                                                                          Search dji.com...  United States (English)

(http://www.dji.com/product/phantom-2)Overview (Http://Www.Dji.Com/Product/Phantom-2) Features (Http://Www.Dji.Com/Product/Phantom-2/Feature) Specs (Http://Www.Dji.Com/Product/Phantom-2/Spec)

Videos (Http://Www.Dji.Com/Product/Phantom-2/Video) Downloads (Http://Www.Dji.Com/Product/Phantom-2/Download) Wiki (Http://Wiki.Dji.Com/En/Index.Php/Phantom_2)

Dealers (Http://Www.Dji.Com/Product/Phantom-2/Dealer)  Buy Now (Https://Store.Dji.Com/Product/Phantom-2)

General Features       Ready to Fly, Multifunctional Quad-rotor System        1000g
Aircraft               Customized H3-2D and H3-3D Gimbal Support              Vertical: 0.8m;
                       Precision Flight and Stable Hovering                   Horizontal: 2.5m
                       25min Flight Time & Smart Battery                      200°/s
                       Auto Return-to-Home & Landing                          35°
                       Advanced Power Management                              Ascent: 6m/s; Descent: 2m/s
                       Intelligent Orientation Control (IOC)                  15m/s(Not Recommended)
                       Easy Battery Replacement                               350mm
                       Self-tightening Propeller                              25mins
                       Video Downlink Support                                 1300g
                       CAN-Bus Expansion Module                               -10°C ~ 50°C
                                                                              DJI Smart Battery
                   Weight (Battery & Propellers Included)

                   Hover Accuracy (Ready To Fly)

                   Max Yaw Angular Velocity

                   Max Tilt Angle

                   Max Ascent / Descent Speed

                   Max Flight Speed

                   Diagonal Length

                   Flight Time

                   Take-Off Weight

                   Operating Temperature

                   Supported Battery

DJI Smart Battery  Type                                                       3S LiPo
                   Capacity                                                   5200mAh, 11.1V
                   Charging Environment Range                                 0 to 40
                   Discharging Environment Range                              -20 to 50

http://www.dji.com/product/phantom2/spec                                  28                                                                                                                     1/2
12/17/2014                             Operating Frequency                 Phantom 2  Specs | DJI
       2.4GHz Remote Control
                                                                                                               2.4GHz ISM

                                       Communication Distance (Open Area)              1000m

                                       Receiver Sensitivity (1%PER)                    -97dBm

                                       Working Current/Voltage                         120 mA@3.7V

                                       Built-In LiPo Battery Working Current/Capacity  3.7V, 2000mAh

(/topics/phantom)                                           DJI OFFICIAL STORE         DJI AUTHORIZED DEALERS                                                             HELP AND SUPPORT
                COMPARE PHANTOMS

(http://www.dji.com/products/compare-     (https://store.dji.com/product/phantom-2)               (/product/phantom-2/dealer)                               Wiki
                     phantom)                                                                                                   (http://wiki.dji.com/en/index.php/Pha
                                                     Buy from the DJI Official Store           Buy from DJI authorized dealers
                 Compare Now                                                                                                                           Downloads
(http://www.dji.com/products/compare-                           Buy Now                Find a local dealer (/product/phantom-       (http://www.dji.com/product/phan
                                          (https://store.dji.com/product/phantom-2)                         2/dealer)
                     phantom)                                                                                                                          2/download)
                                                                                                                                    Support (http://www.dji.com/sup

                                                                                                                                            After-sales Service Policies
                                                                                                                                            (http://www.dji.com/service)

About DJI (http://www.dji.com/company) Contact DJI (http://www.dji.com/contact) News (http://www.dji.com/info) Media Coverage (http://www.dji.com/info/media-coverage)
  Showcase (http://www.dji.com/showcase) Careers (http://we.dji.com/en.html) DJI Wiki (http://wiki.dji.com/en) After-sales Service Policies (http://www.dji.com/service)
  Website Feedback (/support/website-feedback) DJI SDK (http://dev.dji.com)

           (http://www.dji.com/) Copyright © 2014 DJI All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy (http://www.dji.com/policy) Terms
of Use (http://www.dji.com/terms)

http://www.dji.com/product/phantom2/spec                                        29                                                                                        2/2
NazaM V2

Quick Start Guide V 1.26

2014.05.12 Revision
For Firmware Version V4.02 or above
& Assistant Software Version V2.20 or above

Thank you for purchasing this DJI product. Please strictly follow these steps to mount and connect this system on
your aircraft, as well as to install the Assistant Software on your computer.

Please regularly check the web page of corresponding product* at our website www.dji.com, which is

updated regularly. Product information, technical updates and manual corrections will be available on this web
page. Due to unforeseen changes or product upgrades, the information contained in this manual is subject to
change without notice.

* Important: Naza-M, Naza-M V2 and PHANTOM control system are different in hardware parts, but their

configurations and functions are the same when using the same Assistant Software and Firmware Version, so they
use the same Guide. Unless stated, the following instruction is basic on Naza-M V2. If you use the Naza-M, please
make sure to read the "Instruction of V1 (also known as Naza-M)" section; if you use the PHANTOM, download the
other corresponding manuals on the PHANTOM web page.

This manual is only for basic assembly and configuration; you can obtain more details and advanced instructions
when using the assistant software. To assure you have the latest information, please visit our website and download
the latest manual and current software version.

30If you have any problem that you cannot solve during usage, please contact your authorized dealer.
Index

INDEX........................................................................................................................................................................................................2

INSTRUCTION ........................................................................................................................................................................................3

   DISCLAIMER & WARNING ................................................................................................................................................................................. 3
   TRADEMARK......................................................................................................................................................................................................... 4
   CERTIFICATIONS................................................................................................................................................................................................. 4
   SYMBOL INSTRUCTION ...................................................................................................................................................................................... 4

ASSEMBLY & CONNECTION ............................................................................................................................................................5

   STEP1 PORT DESCRIPTION................................................................................................................................................................................ 5
   STEP2 ASSEMBLY & CONNECTION ................................................................................................................................................................ 6

ASSISTANT SOFTWARE INSTALLATION AND CONFIGURATION .......................................................................................7

   STEP1 SOFTWARE AND DRIVER INSTALLATION ON A PC........................................................................................................................... 7
   STEP2 CONFIGURATION BY ASSISTANT SOFTWARE ON A PC.................................................................................................................. 8

BASIC FLYING......................................................................................................................................................................................10

   CONTROL MODE KNOWLEDGE .................................................................................................................................................................... 10
   START & STOP MOTOR KNOWLEDGE.......................................................................................................................................................... 10
   STEP1 COMPASS CALIBRATION ......................................................................................................................................................................12
   STEP2 ASSEMBLY CHECKING LIST.................................................................................................................................................................13
   STEP3 BEFORE FLIGHT.....................................................................................................................................................................................13
   STEP4 FLYING TEST..........................................................................................................................................................................................14

ADVANCED FUNCTIONS................................................................................................................................................................. 16

   A1 FAILSAFE .......................................................................................................................................................................................................16
   A2 LOW-VOLTAGE ALERT ..............................................................................................................................................................................17
   A3 INTELLIGENT ORIENTATION CONTROL (IOC) FLIGHT (WITH GPS MODULE) ...............................................................................18
   A4 RECEIVER ADVANCED PROTECTION FUNCTION .................................................................................................................................21
   A5 FLIGHT LIMITS.............................................................................................................................................................................................22

APPENDIX............................................................................................................................................................................................. 23

   SPECIFICATIONS ...............................................................................................................................................................................................23
   MC/PMU FIRMWARE UPGRADE ..................................................................................................................................................................24
   LED DESCRIPTION ...........................................................................................................................................................................................25

INSTRUCTION OF V1 (ALSO KNOWN AS NAZA-M) ............................................................................................................... 26

   V1 ASSEMBLY AND CONNECTION.................................................................................................................................................................26
   V1 IS COMPATIBLE WITH THE PMU V2 (ACCESSORY OF NAZA-M V2)................................................................................................26
   V1 PORT DESCRIPTION....................................................................................................................................................................................27
   V1 SPECIFICATION............................................................................................................................................................................................28

FAQ......................................................................................................................................................................................................... 29

   ABNORMAL LED INDICATION LIST...............................................................................................................................................................29
   FIX THE TBE (TOILET BOWL EFFECT) PROBLEM ......................................................................................................................................29
   SHOULD YOU FIND THE MULTI-ROTOR DOES NOT TRACK STRAIGHT IN FORWARD FLIGHT............................................................... 30
   MOTORS START FAILURE CAUSED BY TX STICK(S) MID POINT ERROR TOO BIG.................................................................................. 30
   ATTITUDE CONTROLLABLE WHEN ONE MOTOR OUTPUT IS FAILED ....................................................................................................31
   WHEN USED WITH OTHER DJI PRODUCTS...................................................................................................................................................32

                                            31
Instruction

Disclaimer & Warning

Please read this disclaimer carefully before using the product. By using this product, you hereby
agree to this disclaimer and signify that you have read them fully. THIS PRODUCT IS NOT
SUITABLE FOR PEOPLE UNDER THE AGE OF 18.

This product is an autopilot system designed for serious multi-rotor enthusiasts providing excellent self-leveling and
altitude holding, which completely takes the stress out of flying RC multi-rotors for both professional and hobby
applications. Despite the system having a built-in autopilot system and our efforts in making the operation of the
controller as safe as possible when the main power battery is connected, we strongly recommend users to remove
all propellers when calibrating and setting parameters. Make sure all connections are good, and keep children and
animals away during firmware upgrade, system calibration and parameter setup. DJI Innovations accepts no liability
for damage(s) or injuries incurred directly or indirectly from the use of this product in the following conditions:
1. Damage(s) or injuries incurred when users are drunk, taking drugs, drug anesthesia, dizziness, fatigue, nausea

       and any other conditions no matter physically or mentally that could impair your ability.
2. Damage(s) or injuries caused by subjective intentional operations. Any mental damage compensation caused

       by accident.
3. Failure to follow the guidance of the manual to assemble or operate.
4. Malfunctions caused by refit or replacement with non-DJI accessories and parts.
5. Damage(s) or injuries caused by using third party products or fake DJI products.
6. Damage(s) or injuries caused by mis-operation or subjective mis-judgment.
7. Damage(s) or injuries caused by mechanical failures due to erosion, aging.
8. Damage(s) or injuries caused by continued flying after low voltage protection alarm is triggered.
9. Damage(s) or injuries caused by knowingly flying the aircraft in abnormal condition (such as water, oil, soil,

       sand and other unknown material ingress into the aircraft or the assembly is not completed, the main
       components have obvious faults, obvious defect or missing accessories).
10. Damage(s) or injuries caused by flying in the following situations such as the aircraft in magnetic interference
       area, radio interference area, government regulated no-fly zones or the pilot is in backlight, blocked, fuzzy
       sight, and poor eyesight is not suitable for operating and other conditions not suitable for operating.
11. Damage(s) or injuries caused by using in bad weather, such as a rainy day or windy (more than moderate
       breeze), snow, hail, lightning, tornadoes, hurricanes etc.
12. Damage(s) or injuries caused when the aircraft is in the following situations: collision, fire, explosion, floods,
       tsunamis, subsidence, ice trapped, avalanche, debris flow, landslide, earthquake, etc.
13. Damage(s) or injuries caused by infringement such as any data, audio or video material recorded by the use of
       aircraft.
14. Damage(s) or injuries caused by the misuse of the battery, protection circuit, RC model and battery chargers.
15. Other losses that are not covered by the scope of DJI Innovations liability.

                                            32
Trademark

DJI and Naza-M are registered trademarks of DJI Innovations. Names of product, brand, etc., appearing in this
manual are trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective owner companies. This product and manual are
copyrighted by DJI Innovations with all rights reserved. No part of this product or manual shall be reproduced in
any form without the prior written consent or authorization of DJI Innovations. No patent liability is assumed with
respect to the use of the product or information contained herein.

Certifications

This product is approved with quality standards such as CE, FCC and RoHS.

Symbol Instruction                   Cautions                              Tip Reference

               Forbidden(Important)

                                     33
Assembly & Connection

In the Box:
Main controller X1, PMU X1, GPS X1, GPS Bracket X1, LED X1, Servo Cable X8, Micro-USB Cable X1, 3M Adhesive
Tape.

Step1 Port Description

                                        EXP:Connect to PMU module

                                        LED:Connect to LED module

A: For roll control (left/right)
E: For pitch control (front/back)
T: For throttle control
R: For rudder control
U: For Control Model Switch
X1: For gimbal pitch control / For gain tuning
X2: For D-Bus(S-Bus/S-Bus2 compatible) / For gain tuning / For IOC switch
X3: For voltage monitor(Connect to PMU V-SEN port)

                                         Pointing to the aircraft nose direction   Main Controller

                                      M1: To #1 ESC(*)                                        PMU
                                      M2: To #2 ESC
                                      M3: To #3 ESC                                  (Power Management Unit)
                                      M4: To #4 ESC
Main Controller                       M5: To #5 ESC
                                      M6: To #6 ESC
                                      F1: To gimbal roll servo or To #7 ESC
                                      F2: To gimbal pitch servo or To #8 ESC
                                      NAZA output is 400Hz refresh frequency

                                   V-SEN: Connect to Main Controller X3Port
                                          Important: the continuous output of the
                                           PMU is 3A@5V, and the maximum

                                   instant current is 7.5A. If PMU cannot afford
                                   the working current for your servos, please
                                   use an independent power supply; otherwise,
                                   it may cause the PMU safeguard and lead to
                                   the main controller reboot

                                   2S~6S: Powered by 2S~6S LiPo(7.4V~26.0V)

                                   GPS: Connect to GPS/Compass module              Extended CAN port  EXP: Connect to Main
                                      Connect to Main Controller LED port                             Controller EXP port

                              LED        Micro-USB: PC connection
                                         for parameter configuration
*ESC: Electronic Speed Controller        and firmware upgrade

                                   Pointing to the aircraft nose direction

                                       Connect to GPS port of PMU

                                                                                   GPS/Compass

                                   34
Step2 Assembly & Connection

         Step1 Prepare an aircraft, supported the following Mixed Types.
          The direction of the arrow in diagram indicates the rotation direction of the motor/propeller.
           ImportantTo coaxial propellers: Blue propeller is at TOP; Red propeller is at Bottom. Otherwise all propellers are at top.

Quad-rotor I            Quad-rotor X        Hexa-rotor I   Hexa-rotor V                           Hexa-rotor IY
                                            Octo-rotor V  Octo-rotor X
Hexa-rotor Y            Octo-rotor I                                                             ESC & MC Connection
                                                                                               Aircraft Main Controller

                                                                                                  M1 M1
                                                                                                  M2 M2
                                                                                                  M3 M3
                                                                                                  M4 M4
                                                                                                  M5 M5
                                                                                                  M6 M6
                                                                                                  M7 F1
                                                                                                  M8 F2

Note: The NAZA-M V2 flight control system doesn't support Gimbal function when used on the Octo-rotor aircraft.
        For big aircraft that is larger than 650 or with heavy load, WKM is recommended.

Step2 Assembly and Connection                                                             ESCs & Motors
                                                       Please use the ESCs and motors recommended by the manufacturer
                 Main Controller(MC)                   of your aircraft. We recommend you use DJI motors and ESCs (Refer
Mount(1)The DJI logo should face the sky, DO           to its manual for details). Connect all ESCs to MC by the motor
NOT mount the MC upside-down. (2)The MC sides          numbering method introduced in mixed types Supported .
should be parallel to the aircraft body. (3)The arrow
should point to the nose direction of aircraft. (4)he  ImportantIf you use 3rd party ESCs, make sure the ESCs travel
MC is best positioned near the aircraft 's center of   midpoint is at 1520us. DO NOT use 700us travel midpoint ESC, as it
gravity. Make sure all ports are accessible.           may lead aircraft to fly away or cause injury and damage. After ESCs
T i p  It is recommended to f i x the MC until all     connection , calibrate ESCs one by one through the receiver directly
wirings and configurations are completed, using 3M     before connect them to your MC, Make sure program all of them into
gummed paper provided to fix the MC.                   Governor off, Break off and Normal Start up to get best experience.

            Traditional Receiver                                                     ESCs                   Gimbal
S-Bus/S-Bus2/PPM Receiver                                                                      Connect the gimbal servos to
                                                                                               the ports of F1 and F2 if a
                                                                                               gimbal is used, and use the
                                                                                               software for configurations.

                                                                                               F2

                                                                                               Roll
                                                                                                                       Pitch

                        Power Supply

                                                                                           F1

  Transmitter(TX) & Receiver(RX)                         PMU Module                       (Optional)GPS/Compass
(1)Refer to you TX Manual, setup the        MountDO NOT attach the PMU on            MountGPS/Compass is sensitive to
Aileron, Elevator, Throttle, Rudder         other device. Sufficient air flow over   magnetic interference, should be far
channels on your TX first, and choose a 3-  the PMU is highly recommended.           away from any electronic devices. If
position switch as control mode switch.     TipIf use with DJI multi-rotor, you      you use your own mounting rod,
(2)Attach the matched RX to aircraft, then  can solder the power cable to power      make sure it is NOT magnetic!
connect your RX to the right ports on MC.   pads on frame bottom board. Please
The following diagram shows the             refer to DJI multi-rotor manual for      Procedures
connection example for traditional RX.      details. If use with 3rd part aircraft,  (1)You should use epoxy resin AB
                                            you can make a connecter by              glue to assemble the GPS bracket
                  AILE  A                   yourself to connect PMU and battery.
                        E                                                            first. Mount the bracket on the center
                 ELEV   T MC                             LED Module
(JR) THRO               R                   MountMake sure You can see the           plate of craft. Position the bracket at
                        U                   light during the flight. Leave the USB   least 10 cm from any propeller.
                 RUDD                       interface to be accessible. Use the      (2)The DJI logo marked on the GPS
3-position Switch                           3M gummed paper provided to fix.         should face the sky, with the
                                                                                     orientation arrow pointing directly
              1         A                                                            forward. then fix the GPS on the plate
                        E                                                            of the bracket (by 3M glue provided).
(Futaba       2         T MC                                                         TipThe GPS/Compass is packaged
/Hitec)                 R                                                            with a special indication line for
              3         U                                                            mounting for the first time.
              4

3-position Switch

Step3 Double Check

In this step, turn on the transmitter, connect the battery to the PMU, and then watch the LED, if you can see the LED blinks

35( ), the system is working.
Assistant Software Installation and Configuration

Step1 Software and Driver Installation

  Installing and running on Windows
  1. Please download the driver and the Assistant installation software in EXE format from www.dji.com.
  2. Switch on the transmitter and then power on your autopilot system.
  3. Connect your autopilot system and PC via a Micro-USB cable.
  4. Open the driver installation software and follow the instructions to complete installation.
  5. Run the Assistant installation software and follow the instructions to complete installation.

             The installer in EXE format is supported on Win XP, Win7, Win8 (32 or 64 bit).
  Installing and running on Mac OS X
  1. Download the Assistant installer in DMG format from the download page of NAZA-M V2 on the DJI

          website.
  2. Run the installation software and follow the prompts to finish installation.

  3. When launching for the first time if use Launchpad to run the NAZA-M V2 Assistant Software, Launchpad
          won't allow access because the software has not been reviewed by Mac App Store.

                                            36
4. Locate the NAZA-M V2 icon in the Finder and open the file by Control or right clicking the icon and
        selecting "Open" from the menu.

5. After the first successful launch, double-clicking the NAZA-M V2 icon in the Finder or using Launchpad
        will open the application.

Installer in DMG format is supported on Mac OS X 10.6 or above.

The NAZA-M V2 Assistant on Mac OS X and Windows are exactly the same. The Assistant appear in
other places of this manual is based on Windows version.

Step2 Configuration by Assistant on a PC

  1. Power on the PC. Make sure your computer is connected to the Internet for the first time you use.

2. Switch on the transmitter first, and then power on the autopilot system. Connect the autopilot system to

        the PC with a Micro-USB cable. DO NOT break the connection until setup is finished.
3. Run the Assistant Software.

4. Observe the indicators on the left bottom of the software. (  They are the connection indicator and

communication indicator in order.) If the communication indicator is blinking, that the software is ready,

please go to next step.

5. Select the "Info" option. Check the software firmware version. If the upgrade is available, you may update

the assistant software.  37
6. Select the "Upgrade" option. Check the Main Controller, GPS and IMU firmware version.
7. Select the "Basic" option. Please follow step-by-step for your first-time-configuration. Basic configuration

        is necessary, including Mixer Type, Mounting, RC, and Gain settings.
8. You can click the "Advanced" option for more parameter settings. Advanced setting is optional. There are

        settings of Motor, FailSafe, Intelligent Orientation Control (IOC), Gimbal, Low-Voltage Alert, and Flight
        Limits. Read the instruction in the assistant software to obtain more details.
9. Select the "Viewer" option to check all parameters.
10. Then break the Micro-USB cable, power off the aircraft. Finished.

              (1) You may be required to fill register information for your first-time-usage.
              (2) If the communication indicator is blue on, please double check the connections.
              (3) Basic configuration is necessary before you go to the "Basic Flying Test".
              (4) Users are required to install a Windows system, since the software can only run on Windows

                      system .
             (1) If the firmware upgrade is available, please upgrade it by referring to the Firmware Upgrade

                      in the Appendix.
             (2) This step is required to use together with the assistant software to obtain more details.

Recommended Parameters

Recommended Settings for using F330/F450/F550

       Configuration Information                   Basic Gain       Attitude Gain

Motor  ESC Propeller Battery Weight Pitch Roll Yaw Vertical Pitch Roll

F330 DJI-2212 DJI-18A DJI-8 Inch 3S-2200 790 g 140 140 100     110  140 140

F450 DJI-2212 DJI-30A DJI-8 Inch 3S-2200 890 g 150 150 100     105  150 150

F550 DJI-2212 DJI-30A DJI-8 Inch 4S-3300 1530 g 170 170 150    140  170 170

                                               38
Basic Flying

Control Mode Knowledge

Please read the Control Mode Knowledge clearly before usage, to know how to control the aircraft.

Different control modes will give you different flight performances. Please make sure you understand the features

and differences of the three control modes.

                   GPS ATTI. Mode            ATTI. Mode                                 Manual Mode
                With GPS Module

Rudder Angular                               Maximum rudder angular velocity is 150°/s
    Velocity
   Command                                       YES
    Linearity
                Multi attitude control; Stick center position for 0°     Max-angular velocity is 150°/s.
Command Stick                attitude, its endpoint is 35°.                No attitude angle limitation
    Meaning                                                               and vertical velocity locking.

 Altitude Lock  Maintain the altitude best above 1 meter from ground.                   NO
Stick Released
                Lock position if GPS signal  Only attitude stabilizing.                 NOT Recommend
    GPS Lost             is adequate.

      Safety    When GPS signal has been Only performing attitude

  Applications  lost for 3s, system enters   stabilizing without                        ---
                ATTI. Mode automatically.       position lock.

                Attitude & speed mixture control ensures stability

                Enhanced Fail-Safe(Position  Auto Level Fail-Safe        Depends on experience.

                lock when hovering)          (Attitude stabilizing)

                With GPS/Compass module and the failsafe requirements are satisfied, in each Control

                Mode (including GPS Mode, ATTI. Mode, Manual Mode and IOC Mode), the aircraft will

                                             enter the failsafe Mode.

                AP work                          Sports flying.                         ---

Start & Stop Motor Knowledge

             (1) Both Immediately Mode and Intelligent Mode are available in the Assistant Software:
                     Advanced->Motor->Stop Type.

             (2) Stop Motor method is defaulted to Immediately Mode.
Please get to know well about this section before flying.
1 Start Motor: Pushing throttle stick before takeoff will not start the motors. You have to execute any one of

        following four Combination Stick Commands (CSC) to start the motors:

                                             39
2 Stop Motor: We provide two options to stop motors in the assistant software: Immediately and Intelligent.
        (1) Immediately Mode: If you select this mode, in any control mode, once motors start and throttle stick is
                over 10%, motors will not stop immediately only when throttle stick is back under 10% the motors will
                stop. In this case, if you push the throttle stick over 10% within 5 seconds after motors stop, motors
                will re-start, CSC is not needed. If you don't push throttle stick after motors start in three seconds,
                motors will stop automatically.
        (2) Intelligent Mode: By using this mode, different control mode has different way of stopping motors. In
                Manual Mode, only executing CSC can stop motors. In ATTI. Mode or GPS ATTI. Mode, any one of
                following four cases will stop motors:
                a) You don't push throttle stick after motors start within three seconds;
                b) Executing CSC;
                c) Throttle stick under 10%, and after landing for more than 3 seconds.
                d) If the angle of multi-rotor is over 70°, and throttle stick under 10%.

Notes of Intelligent Mode

             (1) In ATTI. / GPS ATTI. Mode, it has landing judgment, which will stop motors.
             (2) Start motors in ATTI. / GPS ATTI. Mode, you have to execute CSC and then push throttle stick

                     over 10% in 3 seconds, otherwise motors will stop after 3 seconds.
             (3) During normal flight, only pull throttle stick under 10% will not stop motors in any control mode.
             (4) For safety reason, when the slope angle of multi-rotor is over 70° during the flight in ATTI. /

                     GPS ATTI. Mode (may be caused by collision, motor and ESC error or propeller broken down),
                     and throttle stick is under 10%, motors will stop automatically.

Notes of Intelligent Mode & Immediately Mode

          (1) If you choose the Immediately Mode, you should not pull throttle stick under 10% during flight,
                   because it will stop motors. If you do it accidentally, you should push the throttle stick over 10% in
                   5s to re-start motors.

          (2) DO NOT execute the CSC during normal flight without any reason, or it will stop motors at once.
          (1) If you choose the Intelligent mode, and the throttle stick is under 10%, this will trigger the landing

                   Procedure, in any control mode. In this judgment, pitch, roll and yaw controls are denied except
                   the throttle, but multi-rotor will still auto level.
          (2) In any control mode, DO NOT pull throttle stick under 10% during normal flight without any
                   reason.
          (1) Any of these two cut off types will only work properly if TX calibration is correct done.
          (2) In failed-safe, CSC is denied by the main controller, motors will hold their state.

                                            40
Step1 Compass Calibration

Without GPS module, please skip this step. If you use with GPS module, follow step-by-step for calibration.

          (1) DO NOT calibrate your compass where there is magnetic interference, such as magnetite, car
                   park, and steel reinforcement under the ground.

          (2) DO NOT carry ferromagnetic materials with you during calibration, such as keys or cell phones.
          (3) Compass module CANNOT work in the polar circle.

          (4) Compass Calibration is very important, otherwise the system will work abnormal.

Calibration Procedures

  1. Switch on the transmitter, and then power on autopilot system!

  2. Quickly switch the control mode switch from GPS Mode to Manual Mode and back to GPS Mode (or
          from GPS Mode to ATTI. Mode and back to GPS Mode) for more than 5 times, The LED indicator will
          turn on constantly yellow so that the aircraft is ready for the calibration.

  3. (Fig.1) Hold your Multi-rotor horizontal and rotate it around the gravitational force line (about 360o) until
          the LED changes to constant green, and then go to the next step.

  4. (Fig.2)Hold your Multi-rotor vertically and rotate it (its nose is downward) around the gravitational force
          line (about 360o) until the LED turns off, meaning the calibration is finished.

               Fig.1 Fig.2

5. If the calibration was successful, calibration mode will exit automatically. If the LED keeps flashing quickly
        Red, the calibration has failed. Switch the control mode switch one time to cancel the calibration, and
        then re-start from step 2.

1. When the GPS is abnormal, the Main controller will tell you by the LED blinking Red and Yellow

alternately (  ), disable the GPS Module, and automatically enter the aircraft into the

ATTI. Mode.

2. You don't need to rotate your multi-rotor on a precise horizontal or vertical surface, but keep at

least 45° difference between horizontal and vertical calibration.

3. If you keep having calibration failure, it might suggest that there is very strong magnetic

interference around the GPS /Compass module, please avoid flying in this area.

4. When to do re-calibration

(1) The flight field is changed.

(2) When the multi-rotor mechanical setup has changed:

a) If the GPS/Compass module is re-positioned.

b) If electronic devices are added/removed/ re-positioned (Main Controller, servos, batteries, etc.).

c) When the mechanical structure of the multi-rotor is changed.

(3) If the flight direction appears to be shifting (meaning the multi-rotor doesn't "fly straight").

(4) The LED indicator often indicates abnormality blinking when the multi-rotor spins. (It is normal

     41for this to happen only occasionally)
Step2 Assembly Checking List

Please check each item, to make sure for safety.
             Any of the following mistakes will lead to a dangerous accident, double check all these items:
             (1) Rotation direction of motor is opposite
             (2) Infirm connection between the motor and the ESC
             (3) Wrong or infirm installation of Main controller
             (4) Wrong or infirm connection between the main controller and ESC.
             (5) Propeller installation mistake
             (6) Magnetization of the compass
             Make sure the following items are correct.
             (1) Make sure you have assembled your multi-rotor correctly.
             (2) Make sure you have done the configuration procedure correctly.
             (3) Make sure all connections are in good condition.
             (4) Make sure batteries are fully charged for your transmitter, autopilot system and all devices.

Step3 Before Flight

Carry out the following procedures (is based on Intelligent Mode of Motor Stop) to make sure all

configurations are correct. Refer to the Appendix->LED Description for more LED details.

1. Always switch on the transmitter first, then power on multi-rotor!

2. Keep the aircraft stationary until the system start and self-check has finished (                            ).

After that, the LED may blink Yellow 4 times quickly (     ). Start motor is disable during LED blinking

Yellow 4 times quickly (  ), as the system is warming up.

3. After the 4 times Yellow LED disappears, toggle the control mode switch on your transmitter to make sure it

is working properly. For example, LED blinks (           ), which means the system is in ATTI. Mode and the

GPS signal is worst Check it with LED indicator to specify the current working mode for MC. See following

table for details about LED indicator;

(1) There are Manual Mode and ATTI. Mode without a GPS/Compass module, no GPS signal status LED

indicator.

(2) After connecting to the GPS/Compass module, GPS ATTI. Mode is available, and GPS signal status

LED indicator is available.

             Control Mode LED Indicator                    GPS Signal Status LED Indicator

Manual Mode: NO LED                                        Signal is best (GPS satellites > 6) : NO LED
                                                           Signal is well (GPS satellites = 6) :
ATTI. Mode: ( indicates that is stick(s) not at center)    Signal is bad(GPS satellites = 5) :
                                                           Signal is worst (GPS satellites< 5) :
GPS Mode: (  indicates that is stick(s) not at center)

                                       42
4. Keep the aircraft stationary, and then push both sticks to the left bottom or right bottom (shown as the
        following chart, defined as Combination Stick Commands (CSC)), to start the motors.

5. Release the yaw, roll and pitch sticks and keep them at the mid point, and the throttle stick under the mid
        point. Then check whether all propellers are rotating correctly.

6. Stop motors, power off the Multi-rotor.
7. Make sure all settings and configurations are correct and then you can take off you aircraft.

After power on, if abnormal LED Indicator occurs, please refer to the Abnormal LED instruction in the FAQ and
aids troubleshooting.

Step4 Flying Test

  1. Choose an open space without obstruction, tall buildings and crowds as flying filed. Place the aircraft 3
      meters away from you and others, to avoid accidental injury.

  2. If in GPS ATTI. Mode, place the aircraft in an open space without buildings or trees. Take off the aircraft
      after 6 or more GPS satellites are found (Red LED blinks once or no blinking). If in Manual Mode or ATTI.
      Mode, you can skip this step.

  3. Start-up
        (1) Switch on the transmitter first, then power on multi-rotor! Keep the aircraft stationary until the
                system start and self-check has finished.
        (2) Please wait for the system to warm up gradually with the LED blinks Yellow 4 times quickly
                ( ). You should not start the motors until the blinking disappears.
        (3) Keep the aircraft stationary, and execute the CSC to start the motors.
        (4) Release the yaw, roll and pitch sticks and keep them at the mid point, at the same time raise the
                throttle stick from the bottom. The motors will stop if you do not push the throttle stick from the
                bottom within 3 sec and you will need to re-start the motors.
        (5) Keep raising the throttle stick until all the rotors are working, push the throttle stick to the mid point
                and then take-off your multi-rotor gently, pay attention not to push the stick excessively.
        (6) Pay attention to the aircraft movement at any time when flying, and use the sticks to adjust the
                aircraft's position. Keep the yaw, roll, pitch and throttle sticks at the mid point to hover the aircraft
                at the desired height.

 4. Lower the aircraft slowly. Pull the throttle stick to the bottom and then execute the CSC to stop the motors

      after landing.

 435. Please always power off the Multi-rotor first, and then switch off the transmitter after landing.
FLYING NOTES(VERY IMPORTANT)

          (1) If the warm up waiting is longer than 2 minutes (the 4 times Yellow blink continues), please power
                   off for 10 minutes, cold start, and then connect the assistant software, enter the "Tools" - > IMU
                   calibration, carry out the Advanced calibration.

          (2) If you enable the Immediately Mode of Motor Stop; you should not pull throttle stick under 10%
                   during flight, because it will stop motors. If you do it accidentally, you should push the throttle
                   stick over 10% in 5s to re-start motors.

          (3) DO NOT execute the CSC during normal flight without any reason, or it will stop motors at once.
          (4) Pay attention to the GPS satellite status LED indicator. Bad GPS signal may lead the aircraft to

                   drift when hovering.
          (5) DO NOT fly near to ferromagnetic substances, to avoid strong magnetic interference with the

                   GPS.
          (6) Please avoid using GPS ATTI. Mode in the areas, where GPS signal is most likely bad.
          (7) If the LED flashes quickly Red then this indicates battery voltage is low, land ASAP.
          (8) If the transmitter indicates low-battery alarm, please land ASAP. In this condition the transmitter

                   may cause the aircraft to go out of control or even crash.
          (9) In GPS ATTI. Mode, make sure that the home point is recorded when the GPS signal is well;

                   otherwise the home point recording may be not so precise.
          (1) In ATTI Mode, throttle stick center position is for 0m/s along the vertical direction. You should

                   keep the position of throttle stick higher than 10% from cut-throttle during the flight! In any
                   control mode, DO NOT pull throttle stick under 10% during normal flight without any reason.
          (2) It is recommended to land the aircraft slowly, to prevent the aircraft from damage when landing.
          (3) If Low-Voltage Alarm is set, the aircraft will act according to the configuration of the Assistant
                   Software once Low-Voltage Alarm is triggered. Make sure you remember what you have set
                   before.
          (4) If Fail-Safe function is set, the aircraft will act according to the configuration of the Assistant
                   Software once Fail-Safe is triggered. Make sure you remember what you have set before.

                                            44
Advanced Functions
A1 FailSafe

An introduction of Go-Home and Landing.

                          Record Home Point                                                                                                    Stay hover
 Home Point
                                                                                                                         Signal lost
                                                      Ground
                                                                     Tx                                              Tx
1 Multi-rotor
                                                              2                                               3

                             Ready to Go-Home                            Go-Home
                                                                                      Current location > 20m

                                                                                 Go-Home  Ascend                         Hover 15s, then land
                                                                         20m                first
          Signal lost >3s

      Tx                                                             Tx  Current location  20m                   Tx

4                                                             5                                               6

Home-point: Before takeoff, current position of multi-rotor will be saved as home-point by MC automatically when
you start the motors for the first time after 6 or more GPS satellites are found (red light blinks once or no blinking)
for 10 seconds.

Note      1. Please make sure to record the home-point before takeoff, and clearly know where it is.
          2. During go-home the nose direction of the aircraft is facing toward the home-point, the aircraft is
          flying directly from the current position to the home-point.

          3. You can regain the control during the aircraft is hovering 15 seconds.

          The flowchart of failsafe and how to regain control                                                            What triggered failsafe

          This section will demonstrate the working logic of failsafe and how to regain control.                         The aircraft behavior
          The following description is effective only when:                                                              after failsafe
          1. The aircraft is in flight.                                                                                  How to regain control
          2. The GPS works normally and signal is good ( 6 satellite, the LED blinks a single                            Precautions
          red light or no red light).

          (1) The aircraft   Attitude Mode: (1) the aircraft will level its attitude                          Attitude Mode: In Attitude Mode as
                             immediately (2) 3 seconds later, failsafe is triggered and                       soon as you get signal you can
          flies far away,    aircraft will start to go home. (3) If signal is regained during                 regain control.
                             (1) or (2), it will resume normal flight immediately.
          TX is on but the                                                                                    GPS Mode: switch the TX mode
          signal is weak.    GPS Mode: (1) the aircraft will slow down and hover. (2) if                      switch to ATTI, if the receiver is
                             the signal is restored within 3 seconds (TX and receiver                         connected, then you will regain
                             connected), the system will immediately return to normal                         control.
                             operation; does not enter failsafe. (3) if not reconnected
                             within 3sec, the system will enter failsafe, then even if the
                             signal is restored, the system will not exit failsafe.

          (2)Turn off the    In this case, the behavior of the aircraft is the same as in                     If you choose to turn off the TX,
          TX (we assume      the above condition.
          you want to                                                                                         you must be pretty sure that you
          trigger failsafe)  If you want the aircraft to Return Home, please do not turn
                                                                                                              know how to regain control. Here
                             the TX back on within 3 seconds*, otherwise the aircraft
                                                                                                              we offer a method, please read
                             will exit failsafe mode immediately.                                             carefully.

          We strongly recommend you DO NOT try this, because there are three                       When you turn off the TX, use the following
          types of risk:                                                                           method to regain control:
          (1) You must be pretty clear whether the Home-point is OK for landing or                 (1) Switch the TX switch to GPS.
          not. (You have to understand the definition of Home-point well and the                   (2) and then put throttle to the center
          working process of failsafe)                                                             position(greater than 3sec after switching off,
          (2) If there are tall buildings around, the aircraft may be obstructed on the            important), you can now turn the TX back on.
          way.                                                                                     (3) then you can switch the TX Control mode
          (3) When GPS signal is bad or GPS is not working, failsafe will not work.                switch to ATTI to regain control.

          Note: if you start the motors, but do not push the throttle to take-off the aircraft, in this case it is very dangerous to turn
          off the TX, because the aircraft will take off automatically, so do not try this.

          45* If signal lost for more than 3 seconds failsafe will be triggered, if signal regained within 3 seconds it will exit failsafe immediately.
A2 Low-Voltage Alert

In order to prevent your multi-rotor from a crash or other harmful consequences caused by low battery voltage,
there are two levels of low voltage protection available to use. You can choose to use or not to use them; however
we strongly recommend using the protections if available! Low-Voltage Alert is to indicate that the battery cannot
provide enough power for the aircraft, in order to warn you to land the aircraft ASAP. You can configure this
function in the assistant software, and please read the text in the software carefully before your flight. Make sure to
carry out the Current Voltage Calibration.
There are both first level and second level protections. The first level protection has LED warning. During second
level protection the aircraft will land automatically with LED warning. Meanwhile the center point of throttle stick
will move up slowly to 90% of endpoint, you should land ASAP to prevent your aircraft from crashing!
It is not for fun, you should land your aircraft ASAP to prevent your aircraft from crashing or other harmful
consequences!!!

             (1) Configure the FailSafe function in the assistant software -> "Advanced" -> "F/S" and read the
                     instruction thoroughly and carefully.

             (2) Configure the Low-Voltage Alert function in the assistant software -> "Advanced" -> "Voltage"
                     and read the instruction thoroughly and carefully.

                                            46
A3 Intelligent Orientation Control (IOC) Flight (with GPS module)

Definition of Forward Direction:

Multi -rotor will fly along this direction when you push the elevator stick (  ).

Step1 Before You Start

Usually, the forward direction of a flying multi-rotor is the same as the nose direction. By using IOC, wherever the

nose points, the forward direction has nothing to do with nose direction. The red and blue arrows on the transmitter

are corresponding to pitch and roll operations in the following diagram.

In course lock flying, the forward direction is the same as a recorded nose direction. All the following

requirements are met: the autopilot system is in ATTI. Mode or GPS ATTI. Mode.

              Normal flying                                               Course Lock Flying

In home lock flying, the forward direction is the same as the direction from home point to multi-rotor. All the

following requirements are met: 6 or more GPS satellites are found, in GPS ATTI. Mode, and the aircraft is

further than 10m away from the home point.

                                         Normal flying                    Home Lock Flying

Step2 IOC Switch Setting

Before using the IOC function, you have to choose a 3-position switch on your transmitter as the IOC switch, which

is also used for recording the orientation, home position in corresponding modes. Refer to the assistant software;

click the "Advanced" to find the "IOC".

IOC Switch

IOC Function                             OFF            Course Lock                           Home Lock

The above table is for example. The function of the switch position may be reversed since the
normal/reversed setting of the switch channel. Toggle the switch and observe the slider position of

47channel X2 on the assistant software screen, the corresponding area should turn blue.
Step3 Method of Forward Direction and Home Point Recording

If you use the IOC function, please be aware of the Forward Direction of Course Lock Flying, and the home point of

Home Lock Flying. There are two ways to record the forward direction and the home point: Manually and

Automatically. You may choose any one record method. The LED will blink Green quickly if successfully recorded.

                                Course Lock                 Home Lock

Automatically    30 seconds after you power on the         Before takeoff, the current position of the aircraft
                            autopilot system.               will be saved as home point when you start the
                                                              motors for the first time after 6 or more GPS
                                                               satellites have been found for 10 seconds.

Manually             30 seconds after you power on the      After 6 or more GPS satellites have been found.
                 autopilot system. Toggle the IOC switch   And the aircraft can be hovering. Toggle the IOC
                 from Off to Course Lock, and back to Off  switch from Course Lock to Home Lock, and back

                              quickly 3 to 5 times.                to Course Lock quickly 3 to 5 times.

DO NOT toggle the switch between Off to Home Lock, since it may change the recording of the

              Forward Direction of Course Lock.

Step4 IOC Flying Test

Then you can do Course Lock and Home Lock flying test.

Carry out an IOC flight by the following procedure. The Control Mode LED will blink Yellow and Green

alternatively (  ) to indicate the IOC mode only when the main controller is really to fly in Course Lock, Home
Lock modes.

During the       STEP1: Record               STEP2: ON      STEP3: OFF                  STEP4: ON again
same flight

Course Lock

Switch Setting   Record the     Set Control Mode switch at  Toggle IOC switch            Toggle IOC switch
                  Forward       GPS or ATTI. position,       to OFF position            from OFF to Course
                  Direction     Toggle IOC switch from OFF
                                to Course Lock position                                     Lock position

Home Lock

Switch Setting   Record the     Set Control Mode switch at  Toggle IOC switch           Toggle IOC switch
                 Home Point     GPS position,                to OFF position            from OFF to Home
                                Toggle IOC switch from OFF
                                to Home Lock position                                      Lock position

Aircraft moving direction when pull pitch stick            Aircraft moving direction when pull roll stick

Home point       48Aircraftthe arrow is pointing to the direction of the aircraft nose
IOC FLYING NOTES
             (1) When Multi-rotor is flying by home lock far away from you and the home point, please DO NOT
                     toggle the IOC switch many times quickly so as to avoid the change of home point without your
                     attention.
             (1) Home lock flying requires that 6 or more GPS satellites are found and the aircraft is further than
                     10m away from the home point.
             (2) If the IOC flying requirement is not satisfied, the autopilot system will quit IOC control mode.
                     Please be aware of the LED indicator, to know the current control mode of the autopilot system.

(1) Blinking indications of IOC  are:

a) Before motors start:                blink, all sticks (except throttle stick) return to center;

        blink, stick(s) (except throttle stick) not at center.

b) After motors start and throttle stick is over 10% in 3 seconds:    blink, all sticks

        return to center;        blink, stick(s) not at center.

(2) Before you do the home lock flight, you have to fly the aircraft out of the 10m range around

home point, and then flip the IOC switch to Home Lock position to fly in home lock when all the

requirements are met. If you have already toggled the IOC switch to Home Lock position when

the aircraft is still in 10m range around home point, and this is the first time you are going to fly

in home lock during the current flight, then if all the requirements are met, the main controller

will change into home lock automatically when Multi-rotor flies out the 10m range around home

point.

(1) When flying in Home Lock mode, if any of the following situations happen, then the

        system will quit Home Lock flying and automatically enter Course Lock flying. The aircraft

        will fly in Course Lock using the earlier forward direction.

     a) The aircraft fly's within 10m range of the home point.
     b) You toggle the control mode switch to the ATTI. Mode.
     c) The GPS signal becomes bad (The GPS signal LED is blinking Red twice or three

              times).
(2) We suggest that you should know clearly which flight lock method you are going to fly,

        and you know the locked forward direction or home point, before you switch on IOC
        mode during the flight.

                                 49
A4 Receiver Advanced Protection Function

You are asked to enable this function by connecting to the Assistant Software, please set it at the section of
Basic->R/C-> Receiver Advanced Protection.
If you choose enable it, the FailSafe will be triggered if the following situations occur during flight.
According to the difference of the aircraft height, there are two situations.
a) Lower than 100m, the A/E/R channel is not at the mid point.
b) Higher than 100m, the A/E/R channel is not at the mid point or the throttle stick is above the mid point.
In the GPS Mode or ATTI. Mode, if the requirement a) or b) is satisfied, and the output data of four channels
A/E/R/T have not changed for 20 seconds, then the aircraft will hover automatically. After that, if the output data
of four channels A/E/R/T still do not any changes and last for 10 seconds, the autopilot system will think that the
data from receiver is abnormal, and then enter the FailSafe Mode.
Brief introduction of how to quit the FailSafe Mode
If there is any command change from the receiver, the autopilot system thinks that the receiver is regained. In ATTI.
Mode and Manual Mode, it will quit the FailSafe Mode automatically. In GPS Mode, please toggle the control mode
switch to the ATTI. Mode and Manual Mode position to regain the control. Refer to the FailSafe section for more
details.

                                            50
A5 Flight Limits

The flight limits function is default enabled in the NAZA-M Flight control system, it's aimed to restrict the flying
height and distance of the aircraft. The Max Height restricts the vertical distance between the aircraft and the
Home point, the Max Radius restricts the horizontal distance between the aircraft and the Home point.
The default Max Height is 2000m and Max Radius is 2000m. Users can write the values of the Max Height and Max
Radius in the Assistant software, the range of the Max Height is 10m-100000m, the range of the Max Radius is the
same. So that the aircraft will fly in the entered range, which is a cylinder space above the Home point.

             (1) Height Limit works when the control mode is GPS or ATTI. Mode. Radius Limit works when the
                     control mode is GPS and the satellite number 6.

             (2) If the aircraft flies out of the limits, it's still controllable except flying further away.
             (3) If the control mode is changed to GPS when the aircraft is out of Max Radius, the aircraft will fly

                     back within the entered range.
             (4) The Failsafe and the Ground Station operations are not restricted to the Flight Limits.

                                            51
Appendix

Specifications
 General

                                       (1) Three Modes of Autopilot (4)S-Bus/S-Bus2 Receiver Support

Built-In Functions                     (2)Enhanced Fail Safe        (5)PPM Receiver Support

                                       (3)Low Voltage Protection (6)2-axle Gimbal Support

Peripheral

Supported Multi-rotor                       Quad-rotor I4, X4;

                                            Hexa-rotor I 6, X6, IY6, Y6.

                                            Octo- rotor I8, V8, X8

Supported ESC output                   400Hz refresh frequency.

Recommended Transmitter                PCM or 2.4GHz with a minimum 4 channels.

Assistant Software System Requirement  Windows XP SP3; Windows 7; Windows 8

Electrical & Mechanical

Working Voltage Range                       MC: 4.8V ~ 5.5 V

Power Consumption                           PMU Input: 7.4V ~ 26.0 V (recommend 2S ~ 6S LiPo)
                                                  Output(V-SEN port red wire): 3A@5V
                                                  Output(V-SEN port red wire)burst current:7.5A

                                            MAX: 1.5W(0.3A@5V)

                                            Normal: 0.6W(0.12A@5V)

Operating Temperature                  -10°C ~ 50°C (14F ~122F)

                                            MC: 27g

Weight                                      GPS/Compass: 27g
                                            PMU: 28g

                                            LED: 13g

Dimensions                                  MC: 45.5mm × 32.5mm × 18.5mm
                                            GPS/Compass: 46mm (diameter) x 10mm

                                            PMU39.5mm × 27.5mm × 10.0mm

                                                                    LED25mm × 25mm × 7.0mm

Flight Performance (can be effected by mechanical performance and payloads)

Hovering Accuracy (GPS Mode)                Vertical: ±± 0.8m

                                            Horizontal: ±±2.5m

Max Yaw Angular Velocity               200°/s

Max Tilt Angle                         35°

Max Ascent / Descent Speed             ±Ascent : 6m/s, Descent: 4.5 m/s

                                            52
MC/PMU Firmware Upgrade

Please follow the procedure for software and firmware upgrade; otherwise the system might not work properly. For
SAFETY REASONS, DO NOT use power battery during firmware upgrade.

  1. Make sure your computer is connected to the Internet.
  2. Please close all the other applications during the firmware upgrade, including anti-virus software and

          firewall.
  3. Make sure the power supply is securely connected. DO NOT un-plug the power supply until firmware

          upgrade has finished.
  4. Connect system to PC with Micro-USB cable, DO NOT break connection until firmware upgrade is

          finished.
  5. Run Software and wait for connection.
  6. Select Upgrade option Check the MC and PMU Firmware Version.
  7. DJI server will check your current firmware version, and get the latest firmware prepared for the unit.
  8. If there is a firmware version more up-to-date than your current version, you will be able to click to

          update them.
  9. Wait until Assistant software shows "finished".
  10. Click OK and power cycle the unit after at least 5 seconds.
  11. Your unit is now up-to-date.

             (1) After firmware upgrade, please re-configure the system using Assistant software.
             (2) If firmware upgrade failed, the system will enter waiting for firmware upgrade status

                     automatically, please try again with the above procedures.
             (3) Select Upgrade option Check the GPS Firmware Version, online upgrade is disable.

                                            53
LED Description                                      LED Flashing

 System Status

  System start and self-check
  IMU abnormal data or need advanced
  calibration*
  Warm up after power on
  The aircraft is moved or bias of sensors too big
  Compass error too big, need recalibration.
  Transmitter (TX) signal lost, enter the FailSafe.
  TX stick(s) mid point error too big
  Low voltage alert or other abnormal alert*
  (e.g. Configuration error, TX data error, Enable

   low voltage protection without PMU, SN error
   or Compass abnormal work.)
  Record forward direction or home point

                                                     Manual Mode: None

Control Mode Indictor                                ATTI. Mode: ( stick(s) not at center    )
                                                                                             )
                                                     GPS Mode:     ( stick(s) not at center
                                                                                                   )
                                                     IOC Mode:     ( stick(s) not at center

GPS Signal State Indicator                           GPS Signal is Best(GPS Satellite number > 6): None
GPS/Compass Module is necessary                      GPS Signal is Well(GPS Satellite number = 6):
                                                     GPS Signal is Bad (GPS Satellite number = 5) :
                                                     GPS Signal is Worst (GPS Satellite number < 5):

Compass Calibration              LED Flashing

Begin horizontal calibration

  Begin vertical calibration
Calibration or others error

*You can figure out the error by connecting the autopilot system to the assistant software.

                                                     54
Instruction of V1 (also known as NAZA-M)

V1 (also known as NAZA-M) system is different from V2 system, if you are V1 system user, please read the following

text carefully, and refer to the other text in this Guide for usage details (including Assistant Software Configuration,

Basic flying, Advanced Function Appendix and FAQ, etc.) .

V1 Assembly and Connection

Connect the V1 system according to the following chart.

            R/C System                                                        TO Battery                                                                                     VU
These are example connections.                                                                                                         · Do not mount it on any other electronic devices. Make sure You
Please setup Aileron, Elevator,
Throttle, Rudder channels on your                                                                                                          can see the LED light during the flight.
TX first, and choose one 3-                                                                                                            · If use with DJI multi-rotor, you can solder the VU power cable to
positions switch/channel as control
mode switch, then connect your                                                                                                             power pads on frame bottom board. Please refer to DJI multi-rotor
receiver to the right ports on MC.                                                                                                         manual for details.
                                                                                                                                       · If use with 3rd part multi-rotor, you can make a connecter by
                                                                                                                                           yourself to connect VU, ESCs and battery.
                                                                                                                                       · Sufficient air flow over the VU is highly recommended.

3-position switch channel                                                                                                                                                   ESCs, Motors
                                                                                                                                       · Motors and ESCs in DJI multi-rotor kit are recommended.
R/C Receiver  RUDD                                                                                                                     · Please make sure you are using the ESCs and motors
(JR)          ELEV
              AILE                                                                                                                         recommended by the manufacturer of your multi rotor first. NAZA
              THRO                                                                                                                         output is 400Hz refresh frequency.
                                                                                                                                       · If you use 3rd party ESCs, please make sure the ESCs travel
                  1                                                           M1                                                           midpoint is at 1520us. DO NOT use 700us travel midpoint ESC,
                                                                              M2                                                           as it may lead aircraft to fly away or cause injury and damage.
R/C Receiver      2                                                    M3ESC                                                               After connect ESCs to motors, calibrate all your ESCs one by one
(Futaba / Hitec)  3                                                           M4                                                           through the receiver directly before connect them to your MC,
                  4                                                           M5                                                           Make sure program all of them into Governor off, Break off and
                                                                              M6                                                           Normal Start up to get best experience.
3-position switch channel
                                     Aircraft Nose
Futaba S-Bus

/S-Bus2       S-Bus                                                                                                                                                Important: the continuous
                                                                                                                                                                   output of the VU is 3A@5V, and
PPM               PPM                                                                                                                                      the maximum instant current is 7.5A. If
                                                                                                                                        F2                 the V U cannot afford the working
                                                                                  Pitch                                                    Roll            current for you r servos, please use an
                                                                                                                                                           independent power supply; otherwise,
                                                                                                                                                       F1  it may cause the V U safeguard and
                                                                                                                                                           lead to the main controller reboot.

                                                     (Optional) GPS/COMPASS                                                                                                MC
                                                                                                                                       · Please use 3M gummed paper provided To mount MC, and mount
                           · GPS/Compass is sensitive to magnetic interference, should be far away from any electronic devices.
                           · You should use epoxy resin AB glue to assemble the GPS bracket first as the figure showed in                  MC parallel to the aircraft horizon.

                               previous page.                                                                                          · The output ports of MC (the right side in figure) should point to
                           · Mount the bracket on the center plate of craft first, then fix the GPS on the plate of the bracket (by        the front of multi-rotor. You'd better put MC at the gravity
                                                                                                                                           center of multi-rotor. Please make sure all ports are accessible
                               3M glue provided). The GPS is sensitive to vibration interference, so position the bracket at least 10      when installing the MC so as to facilitate wiring and software
                               cm from any rotor.                                                                                          configuration.
                           · The DJI logo marked on the GPS should face the sky, with the orientation arrow pointing directly
                               forward. The GPS/Compass is packaged with a special indication line for mounting for the first time.    · In three-pin ports, pins near the nicks are signal pins.
                           · If you are uncertain whether materials near the GPS/Compass module are magnetic or not, you can           · After choosing a location to mount the MC, it is
                               use a compass or magnet to check it. If you use your own mounting rod, make sure it is NOT              · recommended that you DO NOT mount the MC
                               magnetic!                                                                                               · until all wirings and software configurations are completed.

V1 is compatible with the PMU V2 (Accessory of Naza-M V2)

V1 system is compatible with the PMU V2 of V2 system; please carry out the following connection. The other
modules connection is the same as before.
Important: You are asked to upgrade your Firmware version of V1 MC to V3.10 or above, as the PUM V2 can only
work with the MC of version 3.10 or above.

                  Take negative      Disconnection
                  power supply                    take positive power supply

                                     55
V1 Port Description

Please remember the function of each port, which may help you to use the Naza-M efficiently.

Main Controller

A For roll control (left/right)

E For pitch control (front/back)

    T For throttle control

R For rudder control

U For Control Mode Switch

X1 For gimbal pitch control           Or for gain tuning

X2 For D-Bus (S-Bus/ S-Bus2 compatible) Or for gain tuning                              Or for IOC switch

X3 For voltage monitor (Connect with VU V-SEN port)

M1 To #1 rotor

M2 To #2 rotor

M3 To #3 rotor

M4 To #4 rotor

M5 To #5 rotor

M6 To #6 rotor

F1     To gimbal roll servo       Or to #7 rotor (Upgrade the MC Firmware to V3.10 or above)

F2 To gimbal pitch servo Or to #8 rotor (Upgrade the MC Firmware to V3.10 or above)

LED LED port, for LED wire connection from Versatile Unit

EXP. GPS port, for GPS module wire connection.

                      (In three-pin ports, pins near the nicks are signal pins.)

Versatile Unit

V-SEN  V-SEN port: To the X3 port of the main controller, for monitoring battery voltage and supplying

       power

                 Orange wire (signal wire) output: ±±3.3V

                 Red wire (power wire) output: 3A@5V

LED LED wire, to LED port of the main controller.

                      USB port: PC connection for configuration and firmware upgrades.

Optional GPS & Compass

       Connect to the EXP. port.

                                  56
V1 Specification
 General

Built-In Functions                          Three Modes of Autopilot
                                            Enhanced Fail Safe

                                            Low Voltage Protection

                                            S-Bus/ S-Bus2 Receiver Support

                                            PPM Receiver Support

                                            2-axle Gimbal Support

Peripheral

                                            Quad-rotor I4, X4;

Supported Multi-rotor                       Hexa-rotor I 6, X6, IY6, Y6.
                                            Octo-rotor I8, V8, X8 (Upgrade the MC Firmware to

                                            V3.10 or above)

Supported ESC output                   400Hz refresh frequency.

Recommended Transmitter                PCM or 2.4GHz with a minimum 4 channels.

Assistant Software System Requirement  Windows XP SP3; Windows 7

Electrical & Mechanical

                                            MC: 4.8V ~ 5.5 V

Working Voltage Range                       VU Input: 7.2V ~ 26.0 V (recommend 2S ~ 6S LiPo)
Power Consumption                                Output(V-SEN port red wire): 3A@5V
                                                 Output(V-SEN port red wire)burst current:7.5A

                                            MAX: 1.5W(0.3A@5V)

                                            Normal: 0.6W(0.12A@5V)

Operating Temperature                  -10°C ~ 50°C(14F ~122F)

Weight                                      MC: 25g
                                            GPS: 21.3g
                                            VU: 20g
                                            MC: 45.5mm × 31.5mm × 18.5mm

Dimensions                                  GPS & Compass: 46mm (diameter) x 9mm

                                                                      VU: 32.2mm × 21.1mm × 7.7mm

Flight Performance (can be effected by mechanical performance and payloads)

Hovering Accuracy (GPS Mode)                Vertical: ±± 0.8m

                                            Horizontal: ±± 2.5m

Max Yaw Angular Velocity               200°/s

Max Tilt Angle                         45°

Max Ascent / Descent Speed             ±6m/5s7
FAQ

Abnormal LED Indication List

During the Checking Procedure, if abnormal LED Indicator occurs or even the system cannot work normally, please

refer to the following list and aids troubleshooting.

(1) "System initializing and self-checking LED flashes" are not correct (                     Red LED

appears in the last four green flashes). The autopilot system works abnormally. Please contact your

dealer.

(2) LED blinks Yellow 4 times quickly (                ). The system is warming up. You cannot start the motors until

the 4 rapid yellow flashes disappear. If the warm up waiting is longer than 2 minutes, please power off for

5 minutes, cold start, and then connect the assistant software, enter the "Tools" - > IMU calibration, carry

out the Advanced calibration.

(3) After the system start and self-checking has finished, if the LED blinks Red, Green and Yellow ( )

continually. Sensor error is too big. Please connect the assistant software, enter the "Tools" - > IMU

calibration, carry out calibration.

(4) At the first motors start, the system will check the sensors Bias and you are asked to keep the aircraft

stationary (no need of horizontal level). If you cannot start the motors and the LED blinks Green 6 times

quickly (       ), it means that the sensor error is too big. Please connect the assistant software,

enter the "Tools" - > IMU calibration, carry out basic calibration.

Note: after the first successful motors start, this checking will be disabled and it is no need any more to

keep the aircraft stationary during starting motors.

(5) The system blinks Red LED quickly during flying. Low-voltage protection is triggered. Please land the

aircraft ASAP.

(6) The system blinks Yellow LED quickly during flying. FailSafe Mode is triggered. Pay attention that there is

no tall buildings and trees to block your aircraft during go-home.

(7) The LED blinks Red and Yellow alternately (        ). Compass error is too big.

a) There may be a ferromagnetic substance close to the Phantom. Lift the aircraft up about 1m from

     the ground, if there is no Red and Yellow flashing, then it will not affect the flight.

b) Otherwise, re-calibrate the compass.

c) If re-calibration does not work, please connect to the Assistant Software, select the "Tools" and

     follow the tips to carry out the required operation.

Fix the TBE (Toilet Bowl Effect) Problem

When flying in GPS ATTI. Mode and the compass calibration has been done correctly, should you find the aircraft

58rotating (Toilet bowl effect), or drifting when hovering. Please check the GPS module mounting orientation and then
re-do the compass calibration. Carry out the following procedure to re-mount the GPS module.
In the following diagram (view from the top), the aircraft can appear to be rotating in both clockwise and
counter-clockwise direction, please re-mount the GPS module correspondingly.

is the rotating direction of aircraft,  is the nose direction of aircraft,

is the arrow direction on the GPS module,  is the offset angle for GPS re-mounting(about 10~30o)

Clockwise rotating  GPS re-mounting     Counter Clockwise rotating          GPS re-mounting

                    

Should you find the multi-rotor does not track straight in forward flight.

Please carry out several more courses, the system will fix it automatically.

Motors Start failure caused by TX stick(s) mid point error too big

If the TX stick(s) mid point error is too big, Motors Start will fail when you execute the Combination Stick
Commands (CSC) and lead to the aircraft will not takeoff.. And the LED will blink Red four times per second
continually to warn you.
TX stick(s) mid point error too big can be caused by the following reasons:

        (1) There is TX stick (except the throttle stick) not at center when power on the autopilot system.
        (2) The TX sticks has been trimmed, which leads to the large deviation of mid point. For example, the

                SUB-TRIM has been adjusted for Futaba transmitter.
        (3) The TX stick(s) travel has larger asymmetry.

For the reason (1), please put all TX sticks at the mid point, and then power cycle the autopilot system to
 re-record the mid point. If the problem continues, that can be caused by the reason (2) or reason (3), yo

u need to adjust the output range of your TX, and then use the Assistant Software to redo the TX cali
bration. Please carry out the following procedures.

        (1) Connect to the Assistant software, click Basic-> R/C-> Command Sticks Calibration, and push all TX
                sticks throughout their complete travel range to see if any stick cannot reach its largest position.

        (2) Adjust the largest travel of TX stick until the cursor on the Assistant software can reach both end
                positions, according to your TX manual.

        (3) Power cycle the autopilot system, note that power cycle is required.

     59(4) Redo the TX calibration according to the Assistant software.
Attitude Controllable When One Motor Output is Failed

For Hexa-rotor, including Hexa-rotor I, Hexa-rotor V, Hexa-rotor IY and Hexa-rotor Y, aircraft is attitude controllable
when one motor output is failed.
The NAZA-M can still control the attitude of the Hexa-rotor for a safe landing when one motor output of the
Hexa-rotor has failed, for example, one motor is stopped or one propeller is broken, etc.
The control mode of NAZA-M should be in Atti. Mode or GPS Atti. Mode. The aircraft will rotate, due to an
imbalance of torque; however, it can still be controlled by the Transmitter.
Select Course lock or home lock mode for flying the aircraft into a safe area to land when the aircraft is far away or
the attitude can't be recognized. Even when the multi rotor is rotating, using Course lock or home lock mode will
allow you to move the multi rotor in the corresponding Transmitter stick direction.

                                            60
When used with other DJI products

The NAZA-M system communicates with other DJI products (e.g. H3-2D gimbal, BTU module, iOSD mini and iOSD
Mark II) via the CAN-Bus port ( ) of the NAZA PMU V2. You can plug new DJI products into any spare CAN-Bus
port, since CAN-Bus ports on NAZA-M, CAN HUB, GCU, iOSD mini, iOSD Mark II and 2.4G Bluetooth Datalink are
the same for the communications.
When there are not enough CAN-Bus ports for additional DJI products, then a DJI CAN HUB module is
recommended. The following diagram is for your connection reference.

                                                       Fig.1 Used with iOSD Mark II

                                                        Fig.2 Used with CAN HUB

                                            61
                    Fig.3 Use a CAN HUB to connect the 2.4G Bluetooth Datalink
(1) Users can use the NM Assistant on the mobile device when a BTU module is connecting with the

        Ground end of the2.4G Bluetooth Datalink (No need to connect another BTU module to the
        Flight control system).

                                   62
AVL58 5.8G Video Link

User Manual

V1.0
2012-10-30

                                          63 1
Disclaimer

Thank you for purchasing this product. Please read the instructions carefully before installing the
hardware and software for this product, this will ensure trouble free operation of your Video Link RX and
TX. Please use this product in accordance with the provisions of your local authorities and regulations.

Contents

Disclaimer.............................................................................................................................................. 2
Contents ................................................................................................................................................ 2
Introduction............................................................................................................................................ 2
Contents ................................................................................................................................................ 3
Installation ............................................................................................................................................. 4
Specification .......................................................................................................................................... 5
Trouble Shooting.................................................................................................................................... 6

Introduction

The AVL58 includes both Video Link Transmitter (TX) and Video Link Receiver (RX), working in the ISM
frequency band of 5.8GHz (5645- 5945MHz MHz). Analogue modulated video signals are sent wirelessly
by the TX module to the RX module, and then the video signal will be demodulated and sent to a display.
There are 8 wireless channels can be selected when you are using AVL58. These channels are:
CH1-5705MHZ, CH2-5685MHZ, CH3-5665MHZ, CH4-5645MHZ, CH5-5885MHZ, CH6-5905MHZ,
CH7-5925MHZ, and CH8-5945MHZ.

The characteristics of the AVL58 are: small size, low power consumption and high sensitivity. The AVL58
can be used in many applications requiring wireless video communication. When it's used in the
aero-modeling hobby, the Video Link Transmitter will be mounted to the aircraft and the Video Link
Receiver is connected to a display screen, allowing video signal wireless transmission.

                                          64 2
Contents                                                   3

 5. 8GHz Video Link Transmitter (TX) ×1

  Analogue modulated video signals will be sent
  wirelessly by the TX module, working in the frequency
  band of 5.8GHz with 8 channels.

 5.8GHz Video Link Receiver (RX) ×1

  Connect to a display screen.
  The signal will be demodulated and sent to the display
  by the RX module, working in the frequency band of
  5.8GHz with 8 channels.

 Antenna ×2

  Optional, please make purchase according to your need.
  Please refer to the Clover-Leaf Antenna User Manual for
  all antenna details.

 Video Input Cable ×1

  Connect the TX to the video input source, with a port
  connecting to the battery for power supply,

 Video Output Cable ×1

  Connect the RX module to a display screen,
  transmitting video signal to display on the screen.

 Power Cable ×1

  Connect the battery to the RX module and the display
  screen through the power cable for power supply.

                                          65
Installation

STEP1. Please assemble two antennas to the Video Link Transmitter and Receiver.
STEP2. Connect the Video Link Transmitter to a video input source, and then connect the Video

        Link Receiver to a display screen and battery.
STEP3. Make sure the Video Link Transmitter and Receiver are working on the same channel by

        using the channel-selection button; refer to the LED indicator flash pattern.

   Antenna                                AVL58                                                 Video
                                    5.8G VideoLink                                    Input Source
 TX                                TRANSMITTER
 RX                                                                                           Battery
                                                                                                (3S~6S)
Battery
                                                      AVL58  5.8G VideoLink RECEIVER    Antenna

                

Display Screen

                TX Knowledge                                 RX Knowledge

·     Video input port is A 8-pin Port. The ·         Battery can apply power for both the RX module
                                                    and the display screen with an input voltage range of
   TX transmits both channel control signal     ·   3S.
   (CH1, CH2, ...CH8) and video signal. Make
   sure the connection of the port is correct.              Video Output Port transmits video signal,
                                                    connected to the display screen.
· Chanel-Selection Button, which is for · Chanel-Selection Button, which is for RX wireless
   TX wireless channel selection.                   channel selection.

· LED indicates the TX working channel . ·            LED indicates the RX working channel .

Important:

   The antenna MUST be connected before power on, otherwise electronics damage may occur.
        When use a battery to supply power for the RX and the display screen, the battery voltage must

   not be higher than the input voltage of the display screen; otherwise damage may occur to your

   display screen.
   Ensure there is no obstacle between antennas; otherwise the communication range will be reduced.

LED Indicator

CH 1                                            CH 2

CH 3                                            CH 4

CH 5                                            CH 6

CH 7                                            CH 8

Red LED blinks once after pressing the channel-selection button, indicating successful selection.

                                                    66 4
Specification

Performance Parameter           1.0 km

Outdoor/RF Line-of-Sight Range

Transmit Power                  500mW

Receiver Sensitivity (1%PER)    -90dBm 2dBm
                                CH1-CH8

Frequency Band                  CH15705MHZ        CH55885MHZ
                                CH25685MHZ        CH65905MHZ
                                CH35665MHZ        CH75925MHZ
                                CH45645MHZ        CH85945MHZ

Physical Parameter              -20~70oC
                                        TX: 50cm(length)X30cm(width)X22cm(height)
Operating Temperature                   RX: 55.5cm(length)X48cm(width)X17cm(height)
Size (No Antenna)                       TX: 39g
                                        RX: 49.5g
Weight (No Antenna)

Hardware Supported              SMA
                                3S~6S LiPo
Antenna Options                 3S LiPo
Transmitter Supply Voltage      575mA 50mA(@12V)
Receiver Supply Voltage         90mA 10mA(@12V)
Transmitter Current
Receiver Current

Software Supported              5.8GHZ Broadband FM Video Transmit & Receive
                                Synchronously
Built-in Functions              Analog Video Output to Display
                                8 Transmitting and Receiving Channels

                                        67 5
Trouble Shooting

No. What                          Why                How to

        Power supply is There is problem with the video
1 Please check the video input.

        OK, but no video input.

2 No video            The RX and TX modules are not  Make sure RX and TX modules are
                      set to the same channel.        on the same channel by using the
                                                      channel-selection button.

                      1. The video mode of the display 1. Reset the video mode of the

3  Video is flashing  screen sets incorrectly.       display screen.

   and rolling.       2. The RX and TX modules are 2. Make sure RX and TX modules

                      not set to the same channel. are on the same channel.

   The transmission 1. The antenna assembly is 1. Make sure there is no obstacle

4  distance between   incorrect.                     between antennas.

   the RX and TX is 2. The RX and TX modules are 2. Make sure RX and TX modules

   shortening.        not set to the same channel. are on the same channel.

                                  68 6
iOSD mini User Manual V1.06

Introduction

DJI iOSD mini is specially designed for DJI flight control system during the FPV flight or other aero-modeling activities. It

displays real time video and OSD information, to bring users more involved flight experience.

Specified autopilot systems for the iOSD mini:

         Autopilot System                       Required Accessories                           Firmware Version

         NAZA-M series                          NAZA PMU V2                                    4.02 or above

         WooKong-M series                           --- 5.16 or above

Specifications

Voltage       6V                             Working Current (Typical Value)  180mA@6V
                                             Dimension                        33.2mm x 28.2mm x 10.55mm
Temperature -20~60                           Video Input/ Output Mode         PAL/NTSC (automatically recognize)

Weight        14g

Assembly & Connection

1. Prepare the iOSD miniDJI autopilot systemvideo input source(e.g. camera)wireless video transmitter
        module(including transmitter and receiver), monitor, and then assemble all these to aircraft.

2. Connect the iOSD mini according to the following diagram. Connect your wireless video receiver module and
        monitor correctly.

To wireless video transmitter module GND                                      CAN-Bus port(extended port)
To wireless video transmitter module signal
To video input device(e.g. camera) GND                                        CAN-Bus port, is for iOSD mini
                                                                              power supply and communication
To video input device(e.g. camera) signal                                     with Autopilot system.

To PC for configuration and upgrade via a
Micro-USB cable.

iOSD mini LED Indicator
                    Abnormal
                    Normal
                    Data communicating

                                                69
OSD Display Description                             67      8                                9

                           1 12.0V 94%             P 0o  V  0.0  m                            0
                                                   R 0o            s
                                           45~179                                        45~179
                                                                                                        10
                           2 D 15m
                           3 H 1m                                                         0.0 11
                          14 Az 34°
                           4 ATT                                                                        12
                           5 FS
                                                                                                        13
                                  15

NO. Function                 Display                                                     Description

                                                   Real time battery voltage of the aircraft power, unit in V. (For

1 Power voltage                               PHANTOM 2 there will be current battery level percentage
                              blink shown in addition.)

                                                 Blink: first level low-voltage alert, the alert threshold is same

2 Distance between aircraft                       to the protection voltage value set in the assistant software.
     and home point          D (unit in m) Show when the home point is successfully recorded

3 Height                     H (unit in m) Vertical height between the aircraft and the take-off point

4 Control mode                 ATT, M, GPS         ATT is Atti mode                      GPS is GPS mode
5 FailSafe mode              FS, APT, GHome
6 Pitch attitude                                   M is Manual mode
7 Roll attitude                    P 0o
                                   R 0o            FS: FailSafe mode                       APT: Ground station mode

                                                   GHome: Go home

                                                   Positive value means the aircraft nose is pitching up;

                                                   Negative value means the aircraft nose is pitching down.

                                                   Positive value means the aircraft is rolling to right.

                                                   Negative value means the aircraft is rolling to left.

8 Flight velocity            0.0m/s                Horizontal speed of aircraft.

9 GPS satellite                     0              Number of GPS satellites acquired.
10 Aircraft nose direction
                                                                                   180°  Display the relative angle between the
11 Vertical velocity                                                                     aircraft nose and home point. The
12 Attitude line                       0.0                      45° 45°                  aircraft nose is pointing to the home
                             0.0                                                         point when the icon is in the middle
                                                   Nose direction 0°                     of monitor screen, which can help users
                                                                   Home Point            to pull the aircraft back.

                                                   Upward speed in vertical direction

                                                   Downward speed in vertical direction

                                                   Use for aircraft attitude observation.

                                                   70
13 Compass error indicator          blink   Blinking will appear when compass has errors, please
14 Azimuth angle            Az(0o ~360o)    calibrate your compass.
15 Airport alert
                                     blink                                                     Azimuth angle is a horizontal angle

                                                                                               measured clockwise from the

                                                                                               North base line to the line goes

                                                       N                                    through the home point and

                                                           0°                        90° E

                                                    H                                       aircraft position. Users can locate

                                            W 270°

                                                                    D                          the aircraft by calculating the
                                                                                               aircraft position using Az, D ,
                                                                               180°

                                                    Az=225° S

                                                    Home Point                       Aircraft

                                                                                               H.

                                                    Blinks when the aircraft enters a no-fly zone*.

                                                    Disappears when the aircraft exits no-fly zone*.

Notes:

* For more information about the no-fly zones, visit www.dji.com and download the Phantom 2 User Manual.

Install Driver and Assistant Software

1. Please download the driver installer and assistant software from the iOSD mini page of DJI website (www.dji.com).
2. Connect the iOSD mini and the PC via a Micro-USB cable, and power on the iOSD mini system.
3. Run the driver installer, and follow the tips to finish installation.
4. Run the assistant software installer, and follow the tips to finish installation.

                                            71
Assistant Software Usage

               Language

            iOSD Setting

 Software & Firmware
       Upgrade etc

       Text Indication

        Main Window

     Warning Setting
Data Communication

       Indicator
      PC Connection

           Indicator

                        iOSD is successfully connected to Assistant software.

Trouble Shooting

NO. What                  Why                                                  How to

     Only OSD information,                              Ensure the connection between iOSD mini
1 Video input error.                                    and video input port is OK.

     video signal loss.

2  Only video signal, OSD Connection between iOSD mini and Ensure the connection between iOSD and DJI

   information loss.    autopilot system error.         autopilot system is OK.

     Both video signal and                              Ensure the communication between the video
3 Signal transmission error.                            transmitter and receiver is working correctly.

     OSD information loss.

4  Both video signal and The video signal cable to monitor is Ensure the connection of video signal cable is

   OSD information loss. unconnected or short circuit.  OK.

Disclaimer

Thank you for purchasing product(s) from DJI Innovations. Please read the instructions carefully before installing the
hardware and software for this product, this will ensure trouble free operation of your product. DJI Innovations accepts
no liability for damage(s) or injured incurred directly or indirectly from the use of this product.
DJI is a registered trademark of DJI Innovations. Names of products, brands, etc., appearing in this manual are
trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective owner companies. This product and manual are copyrighted by

                                              72
DJI Innovations with all rights reserved. No part of this product or manual shall be reproduced in any form without the
prior written consent or authorization of DJI Innovations. No patent liability is assumed with respect to the use of the
product or information contained herein.

                                              73
12/17/2014                                                                         No FLY Zones | DJI

                                                   Store (Https://Store.Dji.Com/)                                          Products (Http://Www.Dji.Com/Products)  Support (Http://Www.Dji.Com/Support)

Community

                                                                                                                           Search dji.com...                       United States (English)

Home (http://www.dji.com/) / Fly Safe (/fly-safe)

No FLY Zones

All unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) operators should abide by all regulations from such organizations as the ICAO (International
Civil Aviation Organization) and their own national airspace regulations. In order to increase flight safety and prevent accidental
flights in restricted areas, the Phantom 2 series includes a No Fly Zones feature to help users use this product safely and legally.

These zones include airports worldwide and have been divided into two types, A and B. For a full explanation of the difference
between the categories, see the following video. You can also view a full list of places included in each category in the list below.

                                                                                                                                              (//www.youtube.com/embed/YoXAMRQoIAA)

                                                                                                                                                    WATCH THE INTRODUCTION VIDEO
                                                                                                                                                (//www.youtube.com/embed/YoXAMRQoIAA)

 (http://maps.google.com/maps?ll=20.836971,-157.915662&z=7&t=m&hl=en-US&gl=US&mapclient=apiv3)                             Category B                                                                    Map data ©20

                                                                                                               Category A                                             Search:
                                                                                                                                                                   Airport
No FLY Zones List

                          Category                 Zone                                          City

http://www.dji.com/flysafe/categorymc                                              74
12/17/2014                                                                         No FLY Zones | DJI

                                                   Store (Https://Store.Dji.Com/)                                           Products (Http://Www.Dji.Com/Products)  Support (Http://Www.Dji.Com/Support)

Community

                                                                                                                            Search dji.com...                       United States (English)

Home (http://www.dji.com/) / Fly Safe (/fly-safe)

No FLY Zones

All unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) operators should abide by all regulations from such organizations as the ICAO (International
Civil Aviation Organization) and their own national airspace regulations. In order to increase flight safety and prevent accidental
flights in restricted areas, the Phantom 2 series includes a No Fly Zones feature to help users use this product safely and legally.

These zones include airports worldwide and have been divided into two types, A and B. For a full explanation of the difference
between the categories, see the following video. You can also view a full list of places included in each category in the list below.

                                                                                                                                               (//www.youtube.com/embed/YoXAMRQoIAA)

                                                                                                                                                     WATCH THE INTRODUCTION VIDEO
                                                                                                                                                 (//www.youtube.com/embed/YoXAMRQoIAA)

Sorry, we have no imagery here.                                                                                             Sorry, we have no imagery here.                     Sorry, we have no imagery her

Sorry, we have no imagery here.                                                                                                                                                 Sorry, we have no imagery her

   (http://maps.google.com/maps?ll=39.0437,-77.4875&z=10&t=m&hl=en-US&gl=US&mapclient=apiv3)                                Report a map error (https://www.google.com/maps/@39.0437,-77.4875,10z/data=!10m1M!1ea1p!1d2abt1a?©so2u0r
Sorry, we have no imagery here.                                                                                                                                                                                                  Sorry, we have no imagery her

                                                                                                                Category A  Category B

 No FLY Zones List                                                                                                                                                     Search:
                                                                                                                                                                    Airport
                          Category                 Zone                                          City

http://www.dji.com/flysafe/categorymc                                              75                                                                                           1/2
          Federal Aviation
          Administration

Memorandum

Date:        AUG -8 2014
To:
From:     John Duncan, Director, Flight Standards Service, AFS-1

          Mark W. Bury, Assistant Chief Counsel for International Law, Legislation and
          Regulations, AGC-200

Prepared by: Dean E. Griffith, Attorney, AGC-220

Subject:  Interpretation regarding whether certain required documents may be kept at an
          unmanned aircraft's control station.

This memorandum addresses whether the pilot of an unmanned aircraft may keep airworthiness
certificates, aircraft manuals, and aircraft registration certificates at the unmanned aircraft's
ground control station and satisfy the regulatory requirements of sections 91.9(b), 91.203(a) and
(b), 47.3(b)(2), and 47.3l (c) of Title 14, Code of Federal Regulations. This question has been
brought to our attention because of the impracticality of placing these documents on a small
aircraft with no pilot on board. As discussed below, we find that the intent of these regulations is
met if the pilot of the unmanned aircraft has access to these documents at the control station from
which he or she is operating the aircraft.

Section 91.9(b) prohibits operation of U.S.-registered civil aircraft unless "there is available in
the aircraft" an Airplane or Rotorcraft Flight Manual or other material, markings and placards.
The FAA stated that the purpose of this rule is to "insure that the information is readily available
to the pilot" for use during operations. See 40 Fed. Reg. 24665 (June 9, 1975), 37 Fed. Reg.
20022 (Sept. 23, 1972). The text of the rule and preamble to subsequent revisions of the rule
confirm the intent that the pilot is to have access to the material during flight. Accordingly, we
find that the intent of the rule is met if the information is maintained at the pilot's control station
such that it is available to the pilot.

Section 91.203(a) prohibits operation of a civil aircraft "unless it has within it" an appropriate
and current airworthiness ce1iificate and the aircraft's registration certification. Section
91.203(b) requires that the airw01ihiness certificate be "displayed at the cabin or cockpit entrance
so that it is legible to passengers or crew." Similarly, sections 47.3(b)(2) and 47.3l (c) allow an
applicant for aircraft registration to carry "in the aircraft" the second copy of the registration
application as temporary authority to operate without registration. These documents demonstrate
that the aircraft is appropriately certificated and registered, or is in the process of being
registered. Additionally, the FAA has previously addressed the requirement to display the

            76
                                                                                                                                                   2

airworthiness certificate and found that the regulation permits displaying the certificate so that it
is only legible to the flight crew even if not legible to passengers. See Legal Interpretation to
Leonard A. Ceruzzi, from Donald P. Byrne, Acting Assistant Chief Counsel, Regulations and
Enforcement Division (Aug. 7, 1990). Accordingly, we find that maintaining these documents at
the pilot's control station would meet the intent of the rule as the pilot would be able to produce
the documents for his or her own information or to an FAA inspector.
We note that this memorandum is to be narrowly construed to unmanned aircraft systems and is
not intended to apply to operation of manned aircraft or optionally piloted aircraft with a pilot on
board.

                                                        77
                            Exemption No. 11138

                    UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
               DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION
              FEDERAL AVIATION ADMINISTRATION

                        WASHINGTON, DC 20591

In the matter of the petition of

DOUGLAS TRUDEAU, REALTOR®                  Regulatory Docket No. FAA-2014-0481

for an exemption from Part 21; and
§§ 45.23(b); 61.113(a) & (b);
91.7(a); 91.9(b)(2); 91.103(b);
91.109; 91.119; 91.121, 91.151(a);
91.203(a) & (b); 91.405(a); 91.407(a)(1);
91.409(a)(2); and 91.417(a) & (b) of
Title 14, Code of Federal Regulations

                                       GRANT OF EXEMPTION

   By letter dated July 12, 2014, Mr. Douglas Trudeau, Realtor®, of Tierra Antigua Realty
(Trudeau), 1650 E River Road, Suite 202, Tucson, AZ 85718 petitioned the Federal Aviation
Administration (FAA) for an exemption from part 21, subpart H; and Sections 45.23(b),
61.113(a) and (b), 91.7(a), 91.9(b)(2), 91.103(b), 91.109, 91.119, 91.121, 91.151(a), 91.203(a)
and (b), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(2), and 91.417(a) and (b) of Title 14, Code of
Federal Regulations (14 CFR). The proposed exemption would allow Trudeau to operate the
PHANTOM 2 Vision+ quad-copter unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct aerial
videography and cinematography to enhance academic community awareness for those
individuals and companies unfamiliar with the geographical layout of the metro Tucson area
and augment real estate listing videos.

The petitioner requests relief from the following regulations:

Part 21 prescribes the procedural requirements for issuing and changing design approvals,
productions approvals, airworthiness certificates, and airworthiness approvals.

AFS-14-373-E

                                           78
Section 45.23(b) prescribes that when marks include only the Roman capital letter "N" and
the registration number is displayed on limited, restricted or light-sport category aircraft or
experimental or provisionally certificated aircraft, the operator must also display on that
aircraft near each entrance to the cabin, cockpit, or pilot station, in letters not less than 2
inches nor more than 6 inches high, the words "limited," "restricted," "light-sport,"
"experimental," or "provisional," as applicable.

Section 61.113(a) and (b) prescribes that--

         (a) no person who holds a private pilot certificate may act as a pilot in command of an
aircraft that is carrying passengers or property for compensation or hire; nor may that person,
for compensation or hire, act as pilot in command of an aircraft.

         (b) a private pilot may, for compensation or hire, act as pilot in command of an aircraft
in connection with any business or employment if:

                  (1) The flight is only incidental to that business or employment; and

                  (2) The aircraft does not carry passengers or property for compensation or
                      hire.

Section 91.7(a) prescribes that no person may operate a civil aircraft unless it is in an
airworthy condition.

Section 91.7(b) prescribes that the pilot in command of a civil aircraft is responsible for
determining whether that aircraft is in condition for safe flight and that the PIC shall
discontinue the flight when unairworthy mechanical, electrical, or structural conditions occur.

Section 91.9(b)(2) prohibits operation of U.S.-registered civil aircraft unless there is available
in the aircraft a current approved Airplane or Rotorcraft Flight Manual, approved manual
material, markings, and placards, or any combination thereof.

Section 91.103(b) prescribes that a pilot shall for any flight, become familiar with runway
lengths at airports of intended use, and takeoff and landing distance information.

Section 91.109(a) prescribes, in pertinent part, that no person may operate a civil aircraft
(except a manned free balloon) that is being used for flight instruction unless that aircraft has
fully functioning dual controls.

Section 91.119 prescribes that, except when necessary for takeoff or landing, no person may
operate an aircraft below the following altitudes:

                                                       79
    (a) Anywhere. An altitude allowing, if a power unit fails, an emergency landing without
         undue hazard to persons or property on the surface.

    (b) Over congested areas. Over any congested area of a city, town, or settlement, or over
         any open air assembly of persons, an altitude of 1,000 feet above the highest obstacle
         within a horizontal radius of 2,000 feet of the aircraft.

    (c) Over other than congested areas. An altitude of 500 feet above the surface, except over
         open water or sparsely populated areas. In those cases, the aircraft may not be operated
         closer than 500 feet to any person, vessel, vehicle, or structure.

    (d) Helicopters, powered parachutes, and weight-shift-control aircraft. If the operation is
         conducted without hazard to persons or property on the surface--

         (1) A helicopter may be operated at less than the minimums prescribed in paragraph
             (b) or (c) of this section, provided each person operating the helicopter complies
             with any routes or altitudes specifically prescribed for helicopters by the FAA; and

         (2) A powered parachute or weight-shift-control aircraft may be operated at less than
             the minimums prescribed in paragraph (c) of this section.

Section 91.121 requires, in pertinent part, each person operating an aircraft to maintain
cruising altitude by reference to an altimeter that is set "...to the elevation of the departure
airport or an appropriate altimeter setting available before departure."

Section 91.151(a) prescribes that no person may begin a flight in an airplane under VFR
conditions unless (considering wind and forecast weather conditions) there is enough fuel to
fly to the first point of intended landing and, assuming normal cruising speed, (1) during the
day, to fly after that for at least 30 minutes [emphasis added].

Section 91.203(a) prohibits, in pertinent part, any person from operating a civil aircraft unless
it has within it (1) an appropriate and current airworthiness certificate; and (2) an effective
U.S. registration certificate issued to its owner or, for operation within the United States, the
second copy of the Aircraft registration Application as provided for in § 47.31(c).

Section 91.203(b) prescribes, in pertinent part, that no person may operate a civil aircraft
unless the airworthiness certificate or a special flight authorization issued under § 91.715 is
displayed at the cabin or cockpit entrance so that it is legible to passengers or crew.

Section 91.405(a) requires, in pertinent part, that an aircraft operator or owner shall have that
aircraft inspected as prescribed in subpart E of the same part and shall, between required
inspections, except as provided in paragraph (c) of the same section, have discrepancies
repaired as prescribed in part 43 of the chapter.

                                                       80
Section 91.407(a)(1) prohibits, in pertinent part, any person from operating an aircraft that has
undergone maintenance, preventive maintenance, rebuilding, or alteration unless it has been
approved for return to service by a person authorized under § 43.7 of the same chapter.

Section 91.409(a)(2) prescribes, in pertinent part, that no person may operate an aircraft
unless, within the preceding 12 calendar months, it has had an inspection for the issuance of
an airworthiness certificate in accordance with part 21 of this chapter.

Section 91.417(a) and (b) prescribes, in pertinent part, that--

         (a) Each registered owner or operator shall keep the following records for the periods
         specified in paragraph (b) of this section:

                  (1) Records of the maintenance, preventive maintenance, and alteration and
                  records of the 100-hour, annual, progressive, and other required or approved
                  inspections, as appropriate, for each aircraft (including the airframe) and each
                  engine, propeller, rotor, and appliance of an aircraft. The records must
                  include--

                           (i) A description (or reference to data acceptable to the
                           Administrator) of the work performed; and

                           (ii) The date of completion of the work performed; and

                           (iii) The signature, and certificate number of the person approving the
                           aircraft for return to service.

                  (2) Records containing the following information:

                           (i) The total time in service of the airframe, each engine, each
                           propeller, and each rotor.

                           (ii) The current status of life-limited parts of each airframe, engine,
                           propeller, rotor, and appliance.

                           (iii) The time since last overhaul of all items installed on the aircraft
                           which are required to be overhauled on a specified time basis.

                           (iv) The current inspection status of the aircraft, including the time
                           since the last inspection required by the inspection program under
                           which the aircraft and its appliances are maintained.

                                                       81
                           (v) The current status of applicable airworthiness directives (AD) and
                           safety directives including, for each, the method of compliance, the AD
                           or safety directive number and revision date. If the AD or safety
                           directive involves recurring action, the time and date when the next
                           action is required.

                           (vi) Copies of the forms prescribed by § 43.9(d) of this chapter for each
                           major alteration to the airframe and currently installed engines, rotors,
                           propellers, and appliances.

         (b) The owner or operator shall retain the following records for the periods prescribed:

                  (1) The records specified in paragraph (a)(1) of this section shall be retained
                  until the work is repeated or superseded by other work or for 1 year after the
                  work is performed.

                  (2) The records specified in paragraph (a)(2) of this section shall be retained
                  and transferred with the aircraft at the time the aircraft is sold.

                  (3) A list of defects furnished to a registered owner or operator under
                  § 43.11 of this chapter shall be retained until the defects are repaired and the
                  aircraft is approved for return to service.

The petitioner supports his request with the following information:
The petitioner has provided the following information ­ contained in his petition and
supporting documentation including: 1) Supplemental Response for Petition, 2) PHANTOM
Flying Flow Chart V1.0 (Simplified Version), PHANTOM Quick Start Manual v1.7,
PHANTOM Advanced Manual v.1.4, 3) PHANTOM 2 Vision+ User Manual 4) restricted
areas map, 5) personal protocols and controls, and 6) Safety/Flight Manual (all hereinafter
referred to as operating documents).

The FAA has organized the petitioner's information into four sections: 1) the unmanned
aircraft system (UAS), 2) the UAS Pilot In Command (PIC), 3) the UAS operating parameters
and 4) Public Interest.

Unmanned Aircraft System
The petitioner states he plans to operate a UAS, the PHANTOM 2 Vision+, which is
comprised of an unmanned aircraft (UA or PHANTOM) and a transportable ground station.
The PHANTOM is referred to as a quad-copter with a maximum gross weight of about 3
pounds. It is equipped with four rotors that are driven by electric motors powered by batteries.
The UA has a maximum airspeed of 30 knots. Petitioner plans to attach a small ultra-

                                                       82
lightweight GoPro 3+ camera to his UA and operate the UA over various areas near Tucson,
Arizona to enhance academic community awareness and augment real estate listing videos.
Petitioner makes the following representations of operational enhancements which he
proposes to abide by to ensure this exemption will provide a level of safety at least equal to
existing rules:

    · He will only operate in reasonably safe environments that are strictly controlled, are
         away from power lines, elevated lights, airports and actively populated areas; and

    · He will conduct extensive preflight inspections and protocols, during which safety
         carries primary importance.

The petitioner states that given the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated
with the aircraft to be utilized by him, an exemption from 14 CFR part 21, Subpart H
(Airworthiness Certificates) and § 91.203 (a) and (b) (Certifications required), subject to
certain conditions and limitations, is warranted and meets the requirements for an equivalent
level of safety under 14 CFR part 11 and Section 333 of P.L. 112-95 (Section 333).

Petitioner requests an exemption from § 45.23 Marking of the aircraft because his UA will
not have a cabin, cockpit or pilot station on which to mark certain words or phrases. Further,
he states that two-inch lettering is difficult to place on such a small aircraft with dimensions
smaller than the minimal lettering requirement. Regardless of this, petitioner states that he
will mark his UAS in the largest possible lettering by placing the word "Experimental" on its
fuselage as required by § 45.29(f) so that he or anyone assisting him as a spotter will see the
markings.

The petitioner states that an exemption from §§ 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(2) and
91.417(a) and (b) Maintenance inspections may be required and should be granted since they
only apply to aircraft with an airworthiness certificate. However, the petitioner states as a
safety precaution he will perform a preflight inspection of his UAS before each flight as
outlined in his operating documents.

UAS Pilot in Command (PIC)

The petitioner asserts that under § 61.113 (a) and (b) private pilots are limited to non-
commercial operations, however he can achieve an equivalent level of safety as achieved by
current regulations because his UAS does not carry any pilots or passengers. Further, he
states that, while helpful, a pilot license will not ensure remote control piloting skills. He
further indicates that the risks of operating a UAS are far less than the risk levels inherent in
the commercial activities outlined in 14 CFR part 61, et seq., thus he requests an exemption
from § 61.113 Private Pilot Privileges and Limitations: Pilot in command.

Regarding UAS operational training, the petitioner states he has flown numerous practice
flights in remote areas as a hobbyist simulating flights for future commercial use to gain
familiarization with the characteristics of his UAS' performance under different temperature

                                                       83
and weather conditions. He further states that he practices computerized simulated flights to
maintain adequate skills and response reflex time.

In a supplemental request to the FAA, the petitioner requests consideration of a 120 day
temporary airman certificate in accordance with § 63.13, to allow him time to obtain a private
pilot certificate or to allow the FAA time to establish minimum UAS airman certification
standards.

UAS Operating Parameters

The petitioner states that he will abide by the following additional operating conditions under
this exemption:

    · operate his UAS below 300 feet and within a radius distance of 1000 feet from the
         controller to both aid in direct line of sight visual observation;1

    · operate the UAS for 3-7 minutes per flight;
    · land his UAS prior to the manufacturer's recommended minimum level of battery

         power;
    · operate his UAS only within visual line of sight (VLOS);
    · use the UAS' global positioning system (GPS) flight safety feature whereby it hovers

         and then slowly lands if communication with the remote control pilot is lost;
    · conduct all operations under his own personal and flight safety protocols (including

         posting a warning sign reading: "Attention Aerial Photography in Progress ­ Remain
         Back 150 feet") contained in the operating documents and will actively analyze flight
         data and other sources of information to constantly update and enhance his safety
         protocols;
    · contact respective airports if operations will be within 5 miles to advise them of his
         estimated flight time, flight duration, elevation of flight and other pertinent
         information;
    · always obtain all necessary permissions prior to operation; and
    · have procedures in place to abort flights in the event of safety breaches or potential
         danger.

Petitioner states that § 91.7(a) prohibits the operation of an aircraft without an airworthiness
certificate. The petitioner asserts that since there is currently no certificate applicable to his
operation, this regulation is inapplicable.

Petitioner states that § 91.9(b)(2) requires an aircraft flight manual in the aircraft, however
since there are no pilots or passengers on board his aircraft and given its size, this regulation is
inapplicable. He further indicates an equivalent level of safety will be achieved by
maintaining a safety/flight manual with the UAS ground station.

1 As specified in Douglas Trudeau Supplementary Information No. 2

                                                       84
Although petitioner requests an exemption from § 91.103(b) Preflight action, he provides no
information supporting his request.

Similarly, the petitioner requests an exemption from § 91.109 Flight instruction; simulated
instrument flight and certain flight test, and provides no information indicating how safety
will be maintained if an exemption to this section is granted.

Petitioner states that § 91.119 prescribes safe altitudes for the operation of civil aircraft, but
that it allows helicopters to be operated at lower altitudes in certain conditions. Petitioner
states he will not operate his UAS above the altitude of 300 feet above ground level (AGL)
and will also only operate in safe areas away from the public and traffic, thus "providing a
level of safety at least equivalent to or below those in relation to minimum safe altitudes."
The petitioner asserts that given the size, weight, maneuverability, and speed of his UAS, an
equivalent or higher level of safety will be achieved.

Petitioner indicates that § 91.121 Altimeter settings is inapplicable since he UAS utilizes
electronic GPS with a barometric sensor.

While petitioner requests an exemption from § 91.151(a) Fuel requirements for flight in VFR
conditions, he provides no information supporting his request for this exemption.

Public Interest

The petitioner states that aerial videography for geographical awareness and for real estate
marketing has been around for a long time through manned fixed wing aircraft and
helicopters, but for small business owners, its expense has been cost-prohibitive. Granting
this exemption to the petitioner would allow him to provide this service at a much lower cost.
Further, the petitioner indicates his small UAS will pose no threat to the public given its small
size and lack of combustible fuel when compared to larger manned aircraft. The petitioner
also states that the operation of his UAS will minimize ecological damage and promote
economic growth by providing information to companies looking to relocate or build in the
Tucson metro area.

Discussion of Public Comments:
A summary of the petition was published in the Federal Register on August 8, 2014
(79 FR 46500). The petition received five comments. During the comment period, the
petitioner submitted supplemental information in response to several of the comments.

Of the five comments received, including four from trade organizations and one submitted by
an individual, three raised concerns with the petition and one was specifically opposed. The
other two supported the petition. Three trade organizations submitted letters expressing
various concerns with the petition for exemption, including the Air Line Pilots Association

                                                       85
International (ALPA), the National Agricultural Aviation Association (NAAA), and the
United States Hang Gliding & Paragliding Association (USHPA).

ALPA expressed concern regarding certain conditions outlined in Trudeau's petition. ALPA
noted that the proposed operations will be for "compensation or hire," and believes the UAS
pilot must hold at least a current FAA Commercial Pilot Certificate with an appropriate
category and class rating for the type of aircraft being flown and a current second-class airman
medical certificate. ALPA also noted that this is the requirement for compensation or hire
operations in the National Airspace System (NAS) today. NAAA and USHPA raised similar
concerns on pilot qualification. NAAA and USHPA asserted that the operator should hold a
pilot certificate and be thoroughly familiar with the limitations of manned aircraft flight.
NAAA further stated that requirements for UAS pilot licensing should be developed along
with other rigorous rules and qualifications to ensure safe integration of the unmanned aircraft
into the NAS. The Small UAV Coalition (Coalition) disagreed with ALPA, NAAA and
USHPA, asserting that a pilot certification should not be required for small unmanned
operations such as the petitioner's.

The FAA has carefully reviewed the concerns expressed in these comments and the discussion
regarding knowledge, training, and medical certification required by holders of both private
and commercial pilot certificates. Additional details are available in the ensuing analysis of
this issue with regard to 14 CFR part 61.

ALPA stated that the petitioner asserts that although he plans to fly below 300 feet above the
surface and will generally not operate near populated areas, he also states he plans to survey
real estate development which ALPA believes are by definition populated areas. ALPA also
stated that the petitioner's area of operations as outlined in his exhibits show he would be
within the airport traffic area of both Tucson International Airport and Davis-Monthan AFB.
ALPA also raised concerns about whether the petitioner's UAS' barometric sensor will enable
him to accurately address his altitude restrictions. ALPA also asserted that processes or
mitigations, such as redundant control capability, fail-safe systems, and backups, and specific,
validated procedures for system and equipment failures, must be in place to ensure the aircraft
and its control system(s) operate to the same level of safety as other aircraft operated
commercially in the NAS. NAAA stated commercial UAS should have to receive
airworthiness certification by the FAA to ensure they can safely operate in the NAS without
posing a hazard to persons or property.

ALPA commented that command and control (C2) link failures are one of the most common
failures on a UAS, and that lost link mitigations should require safe modes to prevent UA
fly-away or other scenarios. If lost-link occurs, mitigations like auto-hover, auto-land, return-
to-home and geo-fencing boundary protection must be incorporated into the navigation and
control systems for the UAS to safely land or re-establish C2.

                                                       86
The FAA agrees and carefully examined the proposed operation to ensure that the vehicle
design and the petitioner's supporting documentation addressed potential hazards related to
C2 failure. The FAA finds that the UAS to be operated by Trudeau has sufficient design
features to address these hazards. Further detail is contained in the analysis of the UAS below.

Regarding use of the NAS, ALPA noted there must be means to ensure the UA remains within
the defined airspace and to ensure the hazard of other aircraft intruding on the operation is
mitigated. ALPA stated given the absence of an onboard pilot, the means to meet the
requirements to "see and avoid" must be specified. ALPA also expressed concern, stating that
"because the waiver request is not for a specific operation but rather for all operations of the
same general type, the FAA's oversight task is considerably increased." Per the conditions
and limitations below, the FAA has prescribed operator, pilot and notification requirements to
ensure that appropriate oversight can occur.

The FAA agrees and has required specific conditions and limitations outlined below related to
the use of a visual observer, that the pilot be a current FAA certificated private pilot and that a
notice-to-airmen (NOTAM) be issued prior to operations.

NAAA stated that it represents the interests of small business owners and pilots licensed as
commercial applicators and ensuring safe low-level airspace includes minimizing obstructions
which are difficult to be seen and identified by the pilots. NAAA members operate in low-
level airspace, and clear low-level airspace is vital to the safety of these operators. NAAA
stated that seeing and avoiding other aircraft and hazardous obstructions is the backbone for
agricultural safety, and agricultural pilots depend on pilots of other aircraft to perform their
see and avoid functions needed to prevent collisions. NAAA believes that UA operations at
low altitudes will increase the potential of collision hazards with agricultural aircraft. NAAA
requested that operators of UAS develop ways of making the presence of UAS known to VFR
air traffic if they are to be integrated into the NAS and, for areas with less UAS activity,
recommended a procedure for issuing NOTAMs when they are present.

The FAA agrees and has incorporated this into the conditions and limitations of this
exemption. NAAA's notification concerns are also addressed by the conditions and
limitations that will require an Air Traffic Organization issued Certificate of Waiver or
Authorization (COA) to address airspace requirements and notification. Further detail is
contained in the analysis of the UAS operating parameters below.

NAAA proposed UAS comply with 13 measures similar to those presented by the North
Dakota Agricultural Aviation Association to the North Dakota Department of Commerce, the
organization awarded the North Dakota UAS test site.

The FAA believes the limitations under which the petitioner will operate (i.e. VLOS and at or
below 300 feet AGL) and the UAS emergency procedures as outlined in the petitioner's
supplemental documentation are sufficient mitigations to this risk so that the operations will

                                                       87
not adversely affect safety. Further, the FAA addressed additional concerns raised by NAAA
by adding operating conditions and limitations regarding operations in the proximity of
airports, stand-off distance from clouds, altitude restrictions, and operating distance from non-
participating persons. Further detail is contained in the analysis of the UAS operating
parameters below.

The USHPA also raised concerns about the identification marking regulations as well as the
petitioner's need to coordinate his operations with airports and comply with local and state
notification regulations associated with his type of activity.

Commenter James Lee wrote in support of Trudeau's petition, so long as he does not fly
higher than 200 feet within a quarter mile from an airport or any flight path or flight operation
and never flies above 400 feet AGL.

The FAA considered USHPA's and Mr. Lee's concerns and included conditions and
limitations to address these issues as outlined below.

Lastly, the Small UAV Coalition submitted extensive comments supporting the petition.
These included suggestions that the FAA: apply regulations differently to small UAVs versus
those in the air transport category, not require all seven factors outlined in Section 333 as a
prerequisite for every exemption (i.e. beyond visual line of sight (VLOS); weight; size,
altitude, airspace, geographic area, and proposed technology), and consider Trudeau's safety
protocols including his posting of signs warning of flights as sufficient to enable operations in
populated areas. Regarding use in the NAS, the Small UAV Coalition stated, in part, that the
FAA's safety evaluation of UAV operations should not hinge on the type of operation (i.e.
public, commercial, recreational or philanthropic) rather operational risks and steps that can
be taken to eliminate or reduce such risks. The Small UAV Coalition also commended the
petitioner for developing a "Personal Protocols and Controls" document that details how he
will contact any airport within a 5 mile radius in advance of his proposed UAV operation.

The FAA's analysis is as follows:

Unmanned aircraft system (UAS)

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts. In accordance with the statutory criteria provided in Section 333 of P.L. 112-95 in
reference to 49 USC § 44704, and in consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited
operating area associated with the aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation
has determined that this aircraft meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA
finds that the requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, and any associated noise certification and
testing requirements of part 36, is not necessary.

Manned aircraft conducting aerial filming and photography can weigh 5,000 lbs. or more, are
operated by an onboard pilot and may carry other onboard crewmembers, as well as 100

                                                       88
gallons or more of fuel. The petitioner's UA weighs less than 3 lbs. The pilot and crew will be
remotely located from the aircraft. The limited weight reduces the potential for harm to
persons or damage to property in the event of an incident or accident. The risk to an onboard
pilot and crew during an incident or accident is eliminated with the use of a UAS for the
proposed operation.

Manned aircraft are at risk of fuel spillage and fire in the event of an incident or accident. The
Phantom 2 Vision+ carries no fuel, and therefore the risk of fire following an incident or
accident due to fuel spillage is eliminated.

This exemption does not require an electronic means to monitor and communicate with other
aircraft, such as transponders or sense and avoid technology. Rather the FAA is mitigating the
risk of these operations by placing limits on altitude, requiring stand-off distance from clouds,
permitting daytime operations only, and requiring that the UA be operated within VLOS and
yield right of way to all manned operations. Additionally, the exemption provides that the
operator will request a notice to airmen (NOTAM) prior to operations to alert other users of
the NAS. These mitigations address concerns raised by NAAA and ALPA regarding
awareness of UAS operations occurring in the airspace

The petitioner's UAS has the capability to operate safely after experiencing certain in-flight
contingencies or failures and uses an auto-pilot system to maintain UAS stability and control.
The UAS is also able to respond to a loss of GPS or a lost-link event with pre-coordinated
automated flight maneuvers. These safety features provide an equivalent level of safety
compared to a manned aircraft holding a restricted airworthiness certificate performing a
similar operation and address concerns raised by ALPA and NAAA.

Regarding the petitioner's requested relief from 14 CFR 45.23(b), Display of marks, the
petitioner requests this relief under the assumption that marking with the word "experimental"
will be required as a condition of a grant of exemption. However, this marking is reserved for
aircraft that are issued experimental certificates under 14 CFR 21.191. The petitioner's UAS
will not be certificated under § 21.191, and therefore the "experimental" marking is not
required. Since the petitioner's UAS will not be certificated under § 21.191, a grant of
exemption for § 45.23(b) is not necessary.

Regarding the petitioner's requested relief from 14 CFR 91.405(a), Maintenance required,
91.407(a)(1), Operation after maintenance, preventive maintenance, rebuilding, or alteration,
91.409(a)(2), Inspections, and 91.417(a) and (b), Maintenance records, the FAA has
determined that relief from § 91.409(a)(1) is also necessary because it is an alternate
inspection requirement of § 91.409(a)(2). The petitioner proposes to inspect and ensure that
the UAS is in a condition for safe flight.

Therefore, the FAA finds that adherence to the petitioner's operating documents and the
conditions and limitations below, describing the requirements for maintenance, inspection,

                                                       89
and recordkeeping, are sufficient to ensure that safety is not adversely affected. Accordingly,
the FAA finds that exemption from 14 CFR 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and
91.417(a) and (b) is warranted.

Pilot In Command (PIC) of the UAS

Regarding the petitioner's requested relief from 14 CFR 61.113(a) and (b), Private pilot
privileges and limitations, the petitioner requested regulatory relief to operate his UAS
without an FAA-certificated pilot. In support of his request, the petitioner states that "while
helpful, a pilot license will not ensure remote control piloting skills." However, the FAA does
not possess the authority to exempt the petitioner from the statutory requirement to hold an
airman certificate, as prescribed in 49 USC § 44711.2 Although Section 333 provides limited
statutory flexibility relative to 49 USC § 44704 for the purposes of airworthiness certification,
it does not provide similar flexibility relative to other sections of Title 49.

Unlike operations pursuant to public COAs, the FAA is also requiring a pilot certificate for
UAS operations for two reasons, the first of which is to satisfy the statutory requirements as
stated above. The second is because pilots holding an FAA issued private or commercial pilot
certificate are subject to the security screening by the Department of Homeland Security that
certificated airmen undergo. As previously determined by the Secretary of Transportation, the
requirement to have an airman certificate ameliorates security concerns over civil UAS
operations conducted in accordance with Section 333.

Given these grounds, the FAA must determine the appropriate level of pilot certification for
the petitioner's proposed operation.

Under current regulations, civil operations for compensation or hire require a PIC holding a
commercial pilot certificate per 14 CFR part 61. Based on the private pilot limitations in
accordance with pertinent parts of 14 CFR 61.113(a) and (b), a pilot holding a private pilot
certificate cannot act as a PIC of an aircraft for compensation or hire unless the flight is only
incidental to a business or employment. However, in Grant of Exemption No. 11062 to
Astraeus Aerial (Astraeus), the FAA determined that a PIC with a private pilot certificate
operating the Astraeus UAS would not adversely affect operations in the NAS or present a
hazard to persons or property on the ground.

As discussed above, the petition received three comments registering concern about pilot
certification. ALPA stated its opposition to the proposed operation by a non-certificated pilot
without a required medical certificate. ALPA believes that the operation should be conducted
by a PIC holding a current FAA commercial pilot certificate with an appropriate category and

2 49 USC § 44711 prohibits a person from serving "in any capacity as an airman with respect to a civil aircraft,
aircraft engine, propeller, or appliance used, or intended for use, in air commerce...without an airman certificate
authorizing the airman to serve in the capacity for which the certificate was issued . . . .".

                                                       90
class rating for the type of aircraft being flown and a current second-class airman medical
certificate. NAAA stated that the UAS pilot should be a commercial pilot or have similar
training and can demonstrate knowledge of aviation safety and communication procedures.
USHPA stated that since the petitioner has not indicated any restriction to location of his
operations, nor his knowledge of airspace rules, and because his operations would constitute
commercial operations, he should be required to meet that level of certification.

The FAA has analyzed the petitioner's proposed operation, considered the comments above,
and determined it does not differ significantly from the situation described in Grant of
Exemption No. 11062 (Astraeus). The petitioner plans to operate in the NAS over private
property while also limiting access to the property at times he is operating the UA. Given: 1)
the similar nature of the petitioner's proposed operating environment to that of Astraeus, 2)
the parallel nature of private pilot aeronautical knowledge requirements to those of
commercial requirements [ref: Exemption No. 11062], and 3) the airmanship skills necessary
to operate the UAS, the FAA finds that the additional manned airmanship experience of a
commercially certificated pilot would not correlate to the airmanship skills necessary for the
petitioner's proposed operations. Therefore, the FAA finds that a PIC holding a private pilot
certificate and a third-class airman medical certificate is appropriate for the proposed
operations.

With regard to the airmanship skills necessary to operate the UAS, the petitioner has provided
no training program, minimum flight time hours, or test standards to demonstrate his
capability to meet some of the conditions and limitations below including avoiding hazards,
reacting to emergencies, or maintaining specific distances from persons or property. The
petitioner indicates he avoids risks that may cause a crash and that he has flown numerous
practice flights in remote areas as a hobbyist simulating flights for future commercial use to
gain familiarization with the characteristics and performance of this UAS under different
temperature and wind conditions. He also mentions his computerized simulated flights to
maintain adequate skills and response reflex time.

Since the petitioner provides no information regarding a training program, minimum flight
time hours, or test standards to demonstrate his capability to operate safely, and in response to
concerns raised by ALPA, NAAA, and USHPA, the FAA reviewed the minimum
requirements for providing a waiver to manned operations under 14 CFR 91.119. While this
process applies to an operator seeking a waiver rather than an exemption, the exemption
process is similar. Manned operations that require relief from 14 CFR 91.119 in the form of a
waiver have established minimum requirements for pilot personnel (PIC). 3

3 FAA Order 8900.1, Volume 3, Chapter 7, Section 1 Issue a Certificate of Waiver or Authorization: § 91.119(b)
and/or (c) (Minimum Safe Altitudes) and FAA Order 8900.1, Volume 3, Chapter 8, Section 1, Issue a Certificate
of Waiver for Motion Picture and Television Filming.

                                                       91
         1) at least 500 hours logged as the PIC and at least 20 hours logged as the PIC in the
         aircraft type;
         2) a minimum of 25 hours (or 100 hours in the case of motion picture operations) in
         the same category and class of aircraft to be used; and
         3) a minimum of 5 hours in the make and model aircraft to be used under the waiver.

However, given the relative size, weight, speed and operating parameters of the proposed
UAS operations and its accompanying reduction in risk to persons and property when
compared to manned operations, these minimum requirements should be reduced, but not
eliminated. UAS operators still need to establish airmanship skills in order to meet the
conditions and limitations listed below such as the ability to maneuver near but maintain
specific distances from persons and property, respond to unexpected emergencies, or avoid
objects as well as the ability to avoid potential conflicts with manned aircraft. In
consideration of the above, the FAA must determine the appropriate level of pilot flight hours
necessary to qualify the PIC for the petitioner's proposed operations. The FAA has
considered minimum skills and associated flight-hours necessary to practice and build
proficiency in these skills. The petitioner is responsible for assessing its operations and
identifying any additional skills required to operate safely under normal and abnormal
conditions. Normal condition skills may include the ability to maintain altitude, maintain
VLOS, and navigational skills. Abnormal condition skills may include the ability to avoid
obstacles, avoid air traffic, and respond to loss of link.

In making its determination the FAA considered the requirements proposed by Astraeus in
Exemption No. 11062. The FAA notes that the petitioner's proposed operation is similar to
that authorized in Exemption No. 11062 because both include operations closer than 500 feet
from persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures. In Exemption No. 11062, the FAA required
that prior to conducting operations for the purpose of motion picture filming (or similar
operations), the PIC must have accumulated and logged, in a manner consistent with
14 CFR 61.51(b), 25 hours of total time as a UAS rotorcraft pilot including at least 10 hours
logged as a UAS pilot with a multi-rotor UAS. Prior to operations under Exemption No.
11062, the PIC must also have accumulated and logged a minimum of 5 hours as a UAS pilot
operating the same make and model of UAS to be used for operations under the exemption.
For clarification, the FAA considers these minimum hour requirements to be inclusive rather
than additive; i.e. 5 hours make and model time may be included in the 10 hours of multi-
rotor time and the 10 hours may be included in the total 25 hours of UAS rotorcraft time. In
addition to the hour requirements, the PIC must accomplish 3 take-offs and landings in the
preceding 90 days (for currency purposes). The FAA finds that at a minimum, the flight-hour
requirements in Exemption No. 11062 are appropriate to practice and build proficiency in the
skills necessary to safely conduct the petitioner's proposed operations. The FAA also finds
that prior documented flight experience that was obtained in compliance with applicable
regulations would satisfy this requirement. Training, proficiency, and experience-building
flights can also be conducted under the grant of exemption to accomplish the required flight

                                                       92
time. During training, proficiency, and experience-building flights the PIC is required to
operate the UA with appropriate distances in accordance with 14 CFR 91.119.

The flight-hours above are considered appropriate given the circumstances of the proposed
operation and the description provided by the petitioner of the preparations he has undertaken
to conduct the UAS operation safely. The petitioner may determine through its safety
assessment that additional hours are necessary to address all potential flight hazards and
requisite airmanship skills. Consequently, the FAA has included in the conditions and
limitations below that the petitioner may not permit any PIC to operate unless that PIC is able
to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated under
this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and maintaining appropriate
distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures.

In conclusion, the FAA finds that prior to operations the PIC must, at a minimum, hold a
private pilot certificate, a third-class airman medical certificate, and completed the minimum
flight hour and currency requirements as stated in the conditions and limitations below. Thus,
the FAA finds relief from 14 CFR 61.113(a) and (b) is warranted.

In a supplemental request to the FAA, the petitioner requests consideration of a 120 day
temporary airman certificate in accordance with 14 CFR 63.13, to allow him time to obtain a
private pilot certificate. The requested relief is not applicable to pilot certificates because,
14 CFR 63.1, Applicability, states this part prescribes the requirements for issuing flight
engineer and flight navigator certificates and the general operating rules for holders of those
certificates, only. Thus, 14 CFR 63.13 does not provide a basis from which to issue a
temporary pilot certificate as requested by the petitioner and the requested relief is denied.

The petitioner has also indicated he will supplement his proposed operation(s) with a spotter,
hereafter referred to as a visual observer (VO). The conditions and limitations below stipulate
that the PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the functions prescribed in the operating
documents. Additionally, as discussed in Exemption No. 11109 to Clayco, Inc., there are no
regulatory requirements for visual observer medical certificates. Although a medical
certificate is not required for a VO, the UA must never be operated beyond the actual visual
capabilities of the VO, and the VO and PIC must have the ability to maintain visual line of
sight (VLOS) with the UA at all times. It is the responsibility of the PIC to be aware of the
VO's visual limitations and limit operations of the UA to distances within the visual
capabilities of both the PIC and VO. Moreover, the VO will not be operating the aircraft.
Therefore, as in Grant of Exemption No. 11062 to Astraeus, the FAA does not consider a
medical certificate necessary for the VO.

Operating parameters of the UAS

Regarding the petitioner's requested relief from 14 CFR 91.7(a) Civil aircraft airworthiness,
petitioner's request is based on his belief that since no FAA regulatory standard exists for

                                                       93
determining airworthiness of the UAS, the regulation is inapplicable. While the petitioner's
UAS will not require an airworthiness certificate in accordance with 14 CFR part 21,
Subpart H, the FAA considers the petitioner's compliance with his operating documents to be
sufficient means for determining an airworthy condition. Therefore, relief from § 91.7(a) is
granted. The petitioner is still required to ensure that his aircraft is in an airworthy condition ­
based on compliance with the operating documents prior to every flight, and as stated in the
conditions and limitations below.

Additionally, in accordance with 14 CFR 91.7(b), the PIC of the UAS is responsible for
determining whether the aircraft is in a condition for safe flight. The FAA finds that the PIC
can comply with this requirement, therefore relief from § 91.7(b) is not necessary.

Regarding the petitioner's requested relief from 14 CFR 91.9 Civil aircraft flight manual,
marking, and placard requirements and 14 CFR 91.203(a) and (b) Civil aircraft:
Certifications required, the FAA has previously determined that relief from these sections is
not necessary. Relevant materials may be kept in a location accessible to the PIC in
compliance with the regulations.

Regarding the petitioner's requested relief from 14 CFR 91.103, Preflight Action, the
petitioner requires each PIC to take certain actions before flight to ensure the safety of the
flight. The exemption is needed because the pilot will take separate preflight actions as
referenced in the operating documents. Although there will be no approved Airplane or
Rotorcraft Flight Manual available, the FAA believes that the petitioner can comply with the
other applicable requirements in 14 CFR 91.103(b)(2). The procedures outlined in the
operating documents address the FAA's concerns regarding compliance with § 91.103(b).
The PIC will take all actions including reviewing weather, flight battery requirements,
landings, and takeoff distances and aircraft performance data before initiation of flight. The
FAA has imposed stricter requirements with regard to visibility and distance from clouds; this
is to both keep the UA from departing the VLOS and to preclude the UA from operating in the
NAS. The FAA also notes the risks associated with sun glare; the FAA believes that the PIC's
and VO's ability to still see other air traffic, combined with the PIC's ability to initiate a
return-to-home sequence, are sufficient mitigations in this respect. The PIC will also account
for all relevant site-specific conditions in his or her preflight procedures. Therefore, the FAA
finds that exemption from 14 CFR 91.103 is not necessary.

Regarding the petitioner's requested relief from 14 CFR 91.109(a), Flight instruction;
Simulated instrument flight and certain flight tests, the petitioner did not describe training
scenarios in which a dual set of controls would be utilized or required, i.e. dual flight
instruction, provided by a flight instructor or other company-designated individual, that would
require that individual to have fully functioning dual controls. Rather, the petitioner refers to
his "numerous practice flights in remote areas as a hobbyist." But, as outlined above, the
FAA is requiring that the petitioner's PIC possess at least a private pilot's certificate. Also,
the currency requirements expressed in the conditions and limitations below will help ensure

                                                       94
that a PIC training on the UAS has the authority to operate the UAS during training flights as
PIC in accordance with § 61.31(l). The FAA will impose a limitation that those training
operations are only conducted during dedicated training sessions. As such, the FAA finds that
the petitioner can conduct his operations without the requested relief from § 91.109.

The petitioner's requested relief from 14 CFR 91.119, Minimum safe altitudes, relief from
§ 91.119(a), which requires operating at an altitude that allows a safe emergency landing if a
power unit fails, is not granted. The FAA expects the petitioner to be able to perform an
emergency landing without undue hazard to persons or property on the surface if a power unit
fails. Relief from § 91.119(b), operation over congested areas, is not granted, because, as
discussed below, operations over congested areas will not be permitted under this exemption.

Relief from § 91.119(c) is necessary because the aircraft will be operated at altitudes below
300 feet AGL. Section 91.119(c) states that no person may operate an aircraft below the
following altitudes: over other than congested areas, an altitude of 500 feet above the surface,
except over open water or sparsely populated areas. In those cases, the aircraft may not be
operated closer than 500 feet to any person, vessel, vehicle, or structure. The petitioner states
that he will operate pursuant to the following, self-imposed restrictions related to § 91.119:

     · operate in reasonably safe environment that are strictly controlled, are away from
         power lines, elevated lights, airports and actively populated areas away from public
         and traffic;

     · conduct all operations under his own personal safety protocols (including posting a
         warning sign reading: "Attention Aerial Photography in Progress ­ Remain Back 150
         Feet") contained in the operating documents and will actively analyze flight data and
         other sources of information to constantly update and enhance his safety protocols;

     · contact respective airports if operations will be within 5 miles to advise them of his
         estimated flight time, flight duration, elevation of flight and other pertinent
         information; and

     · always obtain all necessary permissions prior to operation.

The petitioner proposes to avoid "actively populated areas" but does not explain how these
areas are determined. As in Exemption No. 11110 (Trimble Navigation, Ltd.), the FAA notes
that avoidance of areas which are depicted in "yellow" on VFR charts is a practicable step in
assuring that operations are not conducted over congested or densely populated areas.
However, using these "yellow" areas solely to make this determination is not sufficient. Pilots
may obtain information regarding congested areas from the local Flight Standards District
Office (FSDO). Therefore, operations over congested or densely populated areas are
prohibited as stated in the conditions and limitations below.

The petitioner did not describe stand-off distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and
structures. Section 91.119(c) requires that aircraft operate no closer than 500 feet to these
persons or objects. As discussed in Exemption No. 11109 (Clayco, Inc.), operations
conducted closer than 500 feet to the ground may require that the UA be operated closer than

                                                       95
500 feet to essential persons, or objects that would not be possible without additional relief.
Therefore, the FAA is requiring that prior to conducting UAS operations, all persons not
essential to flight operations (nonparticipating persons) must remain at appropriate distances.
In open areas, this requires the UA to remain 500 feet from all persons other than essential
flight personnel (i.e. PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons). The FAA has also
considered the UA's maximum gross weight of approximately 3 pounds. If barriers or
structures are present that can sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons from the UA or
debris in the event of an accident, then the UA may operate closer than 500 feet to persons
afforded such protection. The operator must also ensure that nonparticipating persons remain
under such protection. If a situation arises where nonparticipating persons leave such
protection and are within 500 feet of the UA, flight operations must cease immediately. When
considering how to immediately cease operations, the primary concern is the safety of those
nonparticipating persons. In addition, the FAA finds that operations may be conducted closer
than 500 feet to vessels, vehicles and structures when the owner/controller of any such
vessels, vehicles or structures grants permission for the operation and the PIC makes a safety
assessment of the risk of operating closer to those objects and determines that it does not
present an undue hazard.

Thus, the FAA finds that relief from § 91.119(c) is warranted provided adherence to the
procedures in the operating documents and the FAA's additional conditions and limitations
outlined below. Relief from § 91.119(a) is unwarranted as the FAA expects the petitioner to
be able to perform an emergency landing without undue hazard to persons or property on the
surface. Relief from §§ 91.119(b) is not granted and 91.119(d) is not applicable.

Regarding the petitioner's requested relief from 14 CFR 91.121 Altimeter Settings, the
petitioner has a barometric altimeter and GPS derived altitude capabilities. However, as
stated in the conditions and limitations below, the FAA requires any altitude reported to ATC
to be in feet AGL. The petitioner may choose to set the altimeter to zero feet AGL rather than
local barometric pressure or field altitude before flight. Considering the limited altitude of the
proposed operations, relief from 14 CFR 91.121 is granted to the extent necessary to comply
with the applicable conditions and limitations stated below.

Regarding the petitioner's requested relief from § 91.151 (a) Fuel requirements for flight in
VFR conditions, prior relief has been granted for manned aircraft to operate at less than
prescribed minimums, including Exemption Nos. 2689, 5745, and 10650. In addition, similar
UAS-specific relief has been granted in Exemption Nos. 8811, 10808, and 10673 for daytime,
VFR conditions. The petitioner's only reference to this section is his commitment to land the
UAS prior to the manufacturer's recommended minimum level of battery power. The
operating documents indicate that two low-voltage (low battery) alerts are issued - warning
that the first alert should be followed (30% - low battery level warning). Further, the
petitioner has indicated his flights will last only 3-7 minutes each. Also, the UAS has an
automated function which results in immediate landing when a low battery is detected. These

                                                       96
factors provide the FAA with sufficient reason to grant the relief from 14 CFR 91.151(a) as
requested in accordance with the conditions and limitations below, that prohibit the PIC from
beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast weather conditions) there is enough
power to fly to the first point of intended landing and, assuming normal cruising speed, land
the UA with 30% battery power remaining.

Regarding an Air Traffic Organization (ATO) issued Certificate of Waiver or Authorization
(COA), the majority of current UAS operations occurring in the NAS are being coordinated
through Air Traffic Control (ATC) by the issuance of a COA. This is an existing process that
not only makes local ATC facilities aware of UAS operations, but also provides ATC the
ability to consider airspace issues that are unique to UAS operations. The COA will require
the operator to request a NOTAM, which is the mechanism for alerting other users of the NAS
to the UAS activities being conducted. The conditions and limitations below prescribe the
requirement for the petitioner to obtain an ATO-issued COA.

Public Interest

The FAA finds that a grant of exemption is in the public interest. The enhanced safety and
reduced environmental impact achieved using a UA with the specifications described by the
petitioner and carrying no passengers or crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly
greater proportions, carrying crew in addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to
find that the UAS operation enabled by this exemption is in the public interest. The following
table summarizes the FAA's determinations regarding the relief sought by the petitioner:

Relief considered (14 CFR)      FAA determination (14 CFR)
Part 21                         Relief not necessary
45.23(b)                        Relief not necessary
                                Relief granted with conditions and
61.113(a) and (b)               limitations
                                Relief not granted
63.13                           Relief granted with conditions and
                                limitations
91.7(a)                         Relief not necessary
                                Relief not necessary
91.9(b)(2)                      Relief not necessary
91.103(b)                       Paragraph (c) granted with conditions
91.109                          and limitations
                                Relief granted with conditions and
91.119                          limitations
                                Paragraph 91.151(a)(1), day, granted with
91.121                          conditions and limitations
                                Relief not necessary
91.151(a)                       Relief granted with conditions and

91.203(a) and (b)
91.405(a)

                            97
Relief considered (14 CFR)      FAA determination (14 CFR)
                                limitations

91.407(a)(1)                    Relief granted with conditions and
91.409(a)(1) and (2)            limitations
91.417(a) and (b)               Relief granted with conditions and
                                limitations

                                Relief granted with conditions and
                                limitations

The FAA's Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Mr. Douglas Trudeau, Realtor®, of Tierra Antigua
Realty, is granted an exemption from 14 CFR 61.113(a) and (b), 91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121,
91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b) to the
extent necessary to allow petitioner to operate an unmanned aircraft systems (UAS) for the
purpose of aerial videography/cinematography and augment real estate listing videos. This
exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations
Relative to this grant of exemption, Trudeau is hereafter referred to as the operator.

The following documents provided by the operator in its petition, 1) Supplemental Response
for Petition, 2) PHANTOM Flying Flow Chart V1.0 (Simplified Version), PHANTOM Quick
Start Manual v1.7, PHANTOM Advanced Manual v.1.4, 3) PHANTOM 2 Vision+ User
Manual 4) restricted areas map, 5) personal protocols and controls, and 6) Safety/Flight
Manual, are hereinafter referred to as operating documents.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

1) Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the following aircraft
    described in the operating documents which is a quad-rotor aircraft weighing less than
    3 pounds: PHANTOM 2 Vision+ Unmanned Aircraft System. Proposed operations of
    any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this grant.

2) The UA may not be flown at an indicated airspeed exceeding 30 knots.

3) The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 300 feet above ground level
    (AGL), as indicated by the procedures specified in the operating documents. All
    altitudes reported to ATC must be in feet AGL.

                            98
4) The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the Pilot In Command
    (PIC) at all times. This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any
    device other than corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman
    medical certificate.

5) All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the VO at all times. The VO may be used to satisfy
    the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS capability. The VO
    and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times. The PIC must be
    designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the duration
    of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the functions prescribed in
    the operating documents.

6) The operating documents and this grant of exemption must be accessible during UAS
    operations and made available to the Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy
    exists between the conditions and limitations in this exemption and the procedures
    outlined in the operating documents, the conditions and limitations herein take
    precedence and must be followed. Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures
    as outlined in its operating documents. The operator may update or revise its
    operating documents. It is the operator's responsibility to track such revisions and
    present updated and revised documents to the Administrator upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if he petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update or
    revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then the
    operator must petition for amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's UAS
    Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding updates or
    revisions to the operating documents.

7) Prior to each flight, the PIC must inspect the UAS to ensure it is in a condition for safe
    flight. If the inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS,
    the UAS is prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been
    performed and the UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight. The Ground
    Control Station must be included in the preflight inspection. All maintenance and
    alterations must be properly documented in the aircraft records.

8) Any UAS maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation or flight
    characteristics, e.g. replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo a
    functional test flight. The PIC who conducts the functional test flight must make an
    entry in the aircraft records.

9) The pre-flight inspection section in the operating documents must account for all
    discrepancies, i.e. inoperable components, items, or equipment, not already covered in
    the relevant sections of the operating documents.

                                                   99
10) The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's aircraft/component, maintenance,
    overhaul, replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements.

11) The operator must carry out its maintenance, inspections, and record keeping
    requirements, in accordance with the operating documents. Maintenance, inspection,
    and alterations must be noted in the aircraft records, including total flight hours,
    description of work accomplished, and the signature of the authorized person returning
    the UAS to service.

12) Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer Safety
    Bulletins.

13) The authorized person must make an entry in the aircraft record of the corrective
    action taken against discrepancies discovered between inspections.

14) UAS operations must be conducted by a PIC possessing at least a private pilot
    certificate and at least a current third-class medical certificate. The PIC must also meet
    the flight review requirements specified in 14 CFR 61.56 in an aircraft in which the
    PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

 15) Prior to operations conducted for the purpose of aerial videography/cinematography
     and augmenting real estate listing videos (or similar operations), the PIC must have
     accumulated and logged, in a manner consistent with 14 CFR 61.51(b), a minimum of
     25 hours of total time as a UAS rotorcraft pilot including at least 10 hours logged as a
     UAS pilot with a multi-rotor UAS. Prior documented flight experience that was
     obtained in compliance with applicable regulations may satisfy this requirement.
     Training, proficiency, and experience-building flights can also be conducted under
     this grant of exemption to accomplish the required flight time. However, said
     training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
     training, proficiency, and experience-building flights the PIC is required to operate
     the UA with appropriate distances in accordance with 14 CFR 91.119.

 16) Prior to operations conducted for the purpose of aerial videography/cinematography
     and augmenting real estate listing videos (or similar operations), the PIC must have
     accumulated and logged, in a manner consistent with 14 CFR 61.51(b), a minimum of
     5 hours as UAS pilot operating the make and model of the UAS to be used in
     operations under the exemption; 5 hours make and model time may be included in the
     10 hours of multi-rotor time prescribed above. The PIC must accomplish 3 take-offs
     and landings in the preceding 90 days (for currency purposes). Training, proficiency,
     experience-building, and take-off and landing currency flights can be conducted
     under this grant of exemption to accomplish the required flight time and 90 day
     currency. However, said training operations may only be conducted during dedicated
     training sessions. During training, proficiency, and experience-building flights the

                                                  100
     PIC is required to operate the UA with appropriate distances in accordance with
     14 CFR 91.119.

17) The operator may not permit the PIC to operate the UAS for the purpose of aerial
    videography/cinematography and augmenting real estate listing videos (or similar
    operations), unless the PIC has demonstrated and logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR 61.51(b), the ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with
    how the UAS will be operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency
    maneuvers and maintaining appropriate distances from people, vessels, vehicles and
    structures.

18) UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC).

19) The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point as
    denoted on a current FAA-published aeronautical chart.

20) The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

21) If the UA loses communications or loses its GPS signal, it must return to a pre-
    determined location within the planned operating area and land or be recovered in
    accordance with the operating documents.

22) The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies in
    accordance with the operating documents.

23) The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough power to fly at normal cruising speed to the
    intended landing point and land the UA with 30% battery power remaining.

24) The operator must obtain an Air Traffic Organization (ATO) issued Certificate of
    Waiver or Authorization (COA) prior to conducting any operations under this grant of
    exemption. This COA will also require the operator to request a Notice to Airman
    (NOTAM) not more than 72 hours in advance, but not less than 48 hours prior to the
    operation.

25) All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification (N-
    Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must be
    as large as practicable.

                                                  101
26) Before conducting operations, the radio frequency spectrum used for operation and
    control of the UA must comply with the Federal Communications Commission (FCC)
    or other appropriate government oversight agency requirements.

27) The documents required under 14 CFR 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the PIC at
    the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the UAS is operating. These
    documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

28) The UA must remain clear and yield the right of way to all manned aviation operations
    and activities at all times.

29) The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

30) The UA may not be operated over congested or densely populated areas.

31) Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
         a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating
             persons from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator
             must ensure that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a
             situation arises where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are
             within 500 feet of the UA, flight operations must cease immediately and/or;
         b. The aircraft is operated near vessels, vehicles or structures where the
             owner/controller of such vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
             and the PIC has made a safety assessment of the risk of operating closer to
             those objects and determined that it does not present an undue hazard, and;
         c. Operations nearer to the PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons do not
             present an undue hazard to those persons per § 91.119(a).

 32) All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
     permission from the land owner/controller or authorized representative. Permission
     from land owner/controller or authorized representative will be obtained for each
     flight to be conducted.

 33) Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
     boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
     to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
     reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
     contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

                                                  102
Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to, parts
45, 47, 61, and 91.
This exemption terminates on January 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.
Issued in Washington, DC, on January 5, 2015.
/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

                                                       103
