September 17, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12906
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA-2015-2698

Mr. Don Herbert
Oakland County Fire Mutual Aid Association
MABAS 3201
2100 Pontiac Lake Road, Department 471
Waterford, MI 48328

Dear Mr. Herbert:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated June 4, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of Oakland County Fire Mutual Aid Association (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for
an exemption. The petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to
conduct aerial photography and videography for emergency rescue services.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a DJI Phantom 3.
                                                                                                                 2

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C.  44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Oakland County Fire Mutual Aid Association is
granted an exemption from 14 CFR ㎣ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a),
61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and
(2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                                                 3

perform aerial data collection. This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations
listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Oakland County Fire Mutual Aid Association is hereafter referred
to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom 3
         when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any
         other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
         must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
                                                                                                            4

    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
                                                                                                            5

    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR  61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR  61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR  91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR  1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
                                                                                       6

exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial

    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must

    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR ㎣ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical

    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
                                                                                               7

reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
    as documented in this grant of exemption.

30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
    exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
    District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
    notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
    must include at least the following:
      a. Dates and times for all flights;
      b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
          under this grant of exemption;
      c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
          the UAS;
      d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
      e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
      f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
          and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
          who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
      g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
      h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
          town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
          essential to accomplish the operation.

31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons

    consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
    exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                                                 8

This exemption terminates on September 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,
/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
04 June 2015

U.S. Department of Transportation
Docket Management System
1200 New Jersey Ave., SE
Washington, DC 20590

Dear Sir or Madam:

Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (the Reform Act)
and 14 C.F.R. Part 11, Oakland County Fire Mutual Aid Association (MABAS3201), an operator
of small Unmanned Aircraft Systems ("sUAS") equipped to conduct:

     Urban/suburban/rural post-storm (hurricane, tornado, flood, mud slide, etc) damage and
         casualty assessment;

     Wilderness search and rescue (lost hiker, missing children, etc);
     Real-time aerial video feed of incidents where the size of the incident is large (brush

         fires, commercial building fires, etc) making it difficult to monitor changes in the
         incident from one place on the ground;
     Command and control of wide-spread incidents, such as wide area searches, making the
         deployment of limited assets (personnel, search canines) more efficient;
     Creation of orthophotos;
     Three-dimensional (3D) area and structural mapping;
     Creation of digital terrain / surface models;
     Debris volume estimation;
     Hydrology / inundation estimation;

hereby applies for an exemption from the listed Federal Aviation Regulations ("FARs") to allow
commercial operation of its' sUAS, so long as such operations are conducted within and under
the conditions outlined herein or as may be established by the FAA as required by Section 333.

As described more fully below, the requested exemption would permit the operation of small
unmanned and relatively inexpensive sUAS under controlled conditions in airspace that is 1)
limited 2) predetermined 3) controlled as to access and 4) would provide safety enhancements to
the operational environment. Approval of this exemption would thereby enhance safety and
fulfill the Secretary of Transportation's (the FAA Administrator's) responsibilities to "... establish
requirements for the safe operation of such aircraft systems in the national airspace system."
The name and address of the applicant is:

Oakland County Fire Mutual Aid Association
MABAS 3201
2100 Pontiac Lake Road, Dept. 471
Waterford, MI 48328
(248)625-5468
dherbert@independencefire.us

Regulations from which the exemption is requested:

14 CFR Part 21
14 CFR 45.23(b)
14 CFR 61.113 (a) & (b)
14 CFR 91.7 (a)
14 CFR 91.9 (b) (2)
14 CFR 91.103
14 CFR 91.109
14 CFR 91.119
14 CFR 91.121
14 CFR 91.151 (a)
14 CFR 91.203 (a) & (b)
14 CFR 91.405 (a)
14 CFR 407 (a) (1)
14 CFR 409 (a) (2)
14 CPR 417 (a) & (b)

AUTHORITY FOR EXEMPTIONS

This exemption application is expressly submitted to fulfill Congress' goal in passing Section
333(a) through (c) of the Reform Act. This law directs the Secretary of Transportation to
consider whether certain unmanned aircraft systems may operate safely in the national airspace
system (NAS) before completion of the rulemaking required under Section 332 of the Reform
Act. In making this determination, the Secretary is required to determine which types of UASs
do not create a hazard to users of the NAS or the public or pose a threat to national security in
light of the following:

          The UAS's size, weight, speed, and operational capability,
          Operation of the UAS in close proximity to airports and populated areas; and
          Operation of the UAS within visual line of sight of the operator.
Reform Act Section 333 (a). Lastly, if the Secretary determines that such vehicles "may operate
safely in the national airspace system, the Secretary shall establish requirements for the safe
operation of such aircraft in the national airspace system." Id Section 333(c).

The Federal Aviation Act expressively grants the FAA the authority to issue exemptions. This
statutory authority by its terms includes exempting civil aircraft, as the term is defined under
section 40101 of the Act, that includes sUAS, from the requirement that civil aircraft must have a
current airworthiness certificate.

Applicant interprets this provision to place the duty on the Administrator not only process
applicants for exemptions under section 333, but for the administrator to craft conditions for the
safe operation of the sUAS, if it should be determined that the conditions set forth herein do not
fulfill the statutory requirements for approval.

The Administrator may grant a.n exemption from a requirement of a regulation prescribed under
subsection (a) or (b) of this section or any sections 44702-44716 of this title if the Administrator
find the exemption in the public interest. 49 U.S.C. Section 44701(f) see also 49 USC Section
44711(a); 49 USC Section 44704; 14 CFR Section 91.203 (a) (1).

The DJI Phantom 3(further described below) is a multirotor aircraft weighing 5 pounds,
including payload. It has the ability to operate under normal conditions at a speed of no more
than 30 knots and has the capability to hover and move in the vertical and horizontal plane
simultaneously. The sUAS will operate only in the pilot's or visual observer's visual line of sight
at all times, and includes automatic safety features. Such operations will insure that the sUAS
will "not create a hazard to users of the national airspace system or the public." Reform Act
Section 333(b).

Given the small size of the sUAS involved and restricted sterile environment within which they
will operate, the applicant falls squarely within that zone of safety (an equivalent level of safety)
in which Congress envisioned that the FAA must, by exemption, allow commercial operations of
sUAS to commence immediately. Also due to the size of the sUAS and the restricted areas in
which the relevant sUAS will operate, approval of the application presents no national security
issue.

Given the clear direction in Section 333 of the Reform Act, the authority contained in the Federal
Aviation Act, as amended; the strong equivalent level of safety surrounding the proposed
operations, and the significant public benefit, including enhanced safety, reduction in
environmental impacts, including reduced emissions and chemical spills, exemptions associated
with allowing UAS for agricultural operations, the grant of the requested exemptions is in the
public interest. Accordingly, the applicant respectfully requests that the FAA grant the requested
exemption without delay.
AIRCRAFT DESCRIPTION

The sUAS that Oakland County Fire Mutual Aid Association (MABAS 3201) proposes to use is
the DJI Phantom 3. The Phantom 3 is commonly referred to as a quadcopter (four independent
motors and four rotors). The aircraft weighs less than three (3) pounds, including the attached
camera and gimbal. The aircraft is powered electrically by a single 4480 mAh Intelligent
Lithium Polymer (LiPo) battery. With the LiPo battery inserted, the aircraft weighs less than five
(5) pounds in total.

The DJI Phantom 3 has an operational range of 2 km. The aircraft can be controlled by one of
two ways; by radio control, or entirely by a touch-screen map based manufacturer developed
interface (application). The latter means the pilot only need to command the sUAS where to go,
and the system does all the flying for the operator. The DJI Phantom 3 can be operated in both
semi and fully autonomous flight modes, with the operator simply plotting waypoints using
manual or pre-designed flight patterns. In addition, the operator can create no-fly zones or
maximum flight ranges and altitudes so the system cannot enter areas deemed unsafe or
unnecessary to fly over. All flight operations of the specified aircraft are GPS controlled,
including a Visual Positioning System (VPS) which works similarly to a radar altimeter, to
indicate ground reference.
The DJI Phantom 3 has two (2) primary operational safety features:

     Auto-Return Home. When GPS is available, the aircraft remembers exactly where it took
         off from. A touch of a button, or a tap of an on-screen icon, activates this feature.

     Failsafe. If the Intelligent LiPo battery is running low, or if the aircraft loses connection
         with the control system for any reason, the aircraft will automatically return to the take
         off point and land safely.

Regardless of the means in which the aircraft is controlled, the aircraft will remain within the
pilot's, or visual observer's, line of sight at all times.

(Please see appendix A for additional pertinent aircraft information)

DESCRIPTION OF SPECIFIC REGULATIONS

14 CFR Part 21, Subpart H: Airworthiness certificates

Subpart H, establishes the procedural requirements for the issuance of airworthiness certificates
as required by FAR 91.203(a)(1). Given the size and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft to be utilized by Oakland County Fire Mutual Aid Association (MABAS 3201), an
exemption from Part 21 Subpart H meets the requirements of an equivalent level of safety under
Part 11 and Section 333 of the Reform Act. The Federal Aviation Act (49 USC 44701(f)) and
Section 333 of the Reform Act both authorize the FAA to exempt aircraft from the requirement
for an airworthiness certificate, upon consideration of the size, weight, speed, operational
capability and proximity to airports and populated areas of the particular sUAS.
In all cases, an analysis of these criteria demonstrates that the sUAS operated without an
airworthiness certificate, in the restricted environment and under the conditions proposed, will be
at least as safe, or safer, than a conventional aircraft operating with an airworthiness certificate
without the restrictions and conditions proposed.

14 CFR 45.23(b): Marking of the aircraft

This regulation requires that certain experimental, provisionally certified aircraft, or light-sport
category aircraft to be marked with letters between 2 inches and 6 inches high "limited",
"restricted," "light-sport," "experimental," or "provisional," near each entrance to a cabin,
cockpit or pilot station. Even though the UAS will have no airworthiness certificate, an
exemption may be needed as the sUAS will have no entrance to the cabin, cockpit or pilot station
on which the word "Experimental" can be placed. Given the size of the sUAS, 2 inch lettering
will be impossible. Oakland County Fire Mutual Aid Association (MABAS 3201) will mark the
sUAS with the organization's name, physical address, and pertinent contact methods.

14 CFR 61.113(a) &(b): Private pilot privileges and limitations: Pilot in command

Sections 61.113(a) and (b) limit private pilots to non-commercial operations. Because the sUAS
will not carry a pilot or passengers, the proposed operations can achieve the equivalent level of
safety of current operations by requiring the pilot operating the aircraft to have completed a UAS
flight training course of 100 hours before flying a sUAS. Unlike a conventional aircraft that
carries the pilot and passengers, the sUAS is remotely controlled with no living thing or cargo on
board. The area of operation is controlled and restricted, and all flights are planned and
coordinated in advance as set forth in the User Guide. The risks associated with the operation of
sUAS are so diminished from the level of risk associated with commercial operations
contemplated by Part 61 when drafted, that allowing operations of the sUAS as requested
exceeds the present level of safety achieved by 14 CFR 61.113(a) and (b).

14 CFR 91.7(a): Civil aircraft airworthiness

The regulation requires that no person may operate a civil aircraft unless it is in airworthy
condition. As there will be no airworthiness certificate issued for the aircraft, should this
exemption be granted, no FAA regulatory standard will exist for determining airworthiness.
Given the size of the aircraft and the requirements contained in the User Guide for maintenance
and use of safety checklists prior to each flight an equivalent level of safety will be provided.

14 CFR 91.9(b)(2): Civil aircraft flight manual, marking and placard requirements

The sUAS, given its size and configuration has no ability or place to carry such a flight manual
on the aircraft, not only because there is no pilot on board, but because there is no room or
capacity to carry such an item on the aircraft. The equivalent level of safety will be maintained
by keeping the User Manual at the ground control point where the pilot flying the sUAS will
have immediate access to it.
14 CFR 91.103: Preflight action

This regulation requires each pilot in command take certain actions before flight to ensure the
safety of flight. An exemption is needed from this requirement as the pilot will take separate
preflight actions, including checking for weather conditions, checking flight battery
requirements, checking takeoff and landing distances, and all other actions in the User Guide and
safety checklists. These actions will provide an equivalent level of safety.

14 CFR 91.109: Flight instruction

Section 91.103 provides that no person may operate a civil aircraft (except a manned free
balloon) that is being used for flight instruction unless that aircraft has fully functioning dual
controls. By design, sUAS and remotely piloted aircraft do not have fully functional dual
controls. Flight control is accomplished through the use of a control box that communicates with
the aircraft via radio communications. The equivalent level of safety is provided by the fact that
neither a pilot nor passengers will be carried in the aircraft, the ability to control the sUAS via
radio signals from the controller and by the size and speed of the aircraft.

14 CFR 91.119: Minimum safe altitudes

Section 91.119 establishes safe altitudes for operation of civil aircraft. Section 91.119(d) allows
helicopters to be operated at less than the minimums prescribed, provided the person operating
the helicopter complies with any route or altitudes prescribed for helicopters by the FAA. This
exemption is for a multirotor craft that flies similarly to a helicopter, with vertical takeoff and
vertical landing, which will typically operate at altitudes of 200 feet above ground level (AGL),
so an exemption may be needed to allow such operations. The sUAS will never operate at
altitude higher than 400 AGL and all operations will occur during daylight hours under Visual
Meteorological Conditions (VMC) only.

The equivalent level of safety will be achieved given the size, weight and speed of the sUAS as
well as the location where it is operated. No flight will be taken without the permission of the
property owner or local officials. Because advance notice to the property owner and any onsite
personnel, as well as the precautions outlined below, all affected individuals will be aware of the
planned flight operations.

Flight operations will be conducted at least 500 feet from all non-participating persons (persons
other than the pilot in command (PIC) or visual observer (VO)), vessels, vehicles and structures,
unless:

         1. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect non-participating persons
         from debris in the event of an accident. The PIC will ensure that non-participating
         persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises where non-participating
         persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of the sUAS, flight operations will
         cease immediately and/or;
         2. The aircraft is operated near vessels, vehicles or structures where the land
         owner/controller has granted permission and the PIC has made a safety assessment of the
         risk of operating closer to those objects and;

         3. Operations near the PIC or VO do not present an undue hazard to the PIC or VO, per
         14 CFR 91.119(a).

The sUAS will remain within visual line of sight of the PIC or VO. Flight operations will be
conducted at least 5 miles from an airport and at least 3 miles from any city or densely populated
area. The PIC or VO will provide notification to the local Flight Standards District Office and
airport controller of all operations within 5 miles of an airport. The FAA will have advance
notice of all operations through the filing of notices-to-airmen.

Compared to flight operations with aircraft or rotorcraft weighing far more than the sUAS
proposed herein and carrying flammable fuel, any risk associated with our operations is far less
than those presently presented with helicopters and other conventional aircraft operating at or
below 500 feet AGL. In addition, the low-altitude operations of the sUAS will ensure separation
between these UAS operations and the operations of conventional aircraft that must comply with
Section 91.119.

14 CFR 91.121: Altimeter Settings

This regulation requires each person operating the aircraft to maintain cruising altitude by
reference to an altimeter that is set ". ..to the elevation of the departure airport or an appropriate
altimeter setting available before departure." As the sUAS may not have a barometric altimeter,
but instead a GPS and or VPS altitude read out, an exemption may be needed. An equivalent
level of safety will be achieved by the PIC confirming the altitude of the launch site shown on
the GPS altitude indicator before flight.

14 CFR 91.151(a): Fuel requirements for flight in VFR conditions

Section 91.151(a) outlines fuel requirements for beginning a flight in VFR conditions. Our sUAS
is limited to operations in controlled environments and has a limited flight time which require an
exemption from 14 CFR 91.151(a). The battery powering the sUAS provides approximately 25
minutes of powered flight. This would render the sUAS unable to meet the 30 minute reserve
requirement in 14 CFR 91.151. Given the limitations on the sUAS proposed flight area and the
location of its proposed operations within a predetermined area, a longer time frame for flight in
daylight VFR conditions is reasonable.

An equivalent level of safety can be achieved by limiting flights to 20 minutes, or enough battery
reserve to ensure that the sUAS lands at the ground station with at least 20% of battery power (as
determined by the onboard monitoring system and the PIC), whichever happens first. This
restriction would be more than adequate to return the sUAS to its planned landing zone from
anywhere in its limited operating area.
14 CFR 91.203(a) &(b): Carrying civil aircraft certification and registration
The sUAS has no cabin, cockpit or pilot station and is operated without an onboard pilot.
Therefore, there is no ability or place to carry certification and registration documents or to
display them on the sUAS.

An equivalent level of safety will be achieved by keeping these documents at the ground control
point where the pilot flying the sUAS will have immediate access to them, to the extent they are
applicable to the sUAS.

14 CFR 91.405(a); 407(a)(1); 409(a)(2); 417(a) &(b): Maintenance inspections

These regulations require that an aircraft operator or owner "shall have that aircraft inspected as
prescribed in subpart E of this part and shall between required inspections, except as provided in
paragraph (c) of this section, have discrepancies repaired as prescribed in part 43 of this
chapter...," and others shall inspect or maintain the aircraft in compliance with Part 43.

Given that these sections and Part 43 apply only to aircraft with an airworthiness certificate,
these sections will not apply to Oakland County Fire Mutual Aid Association (MABAS 3201).
Maintenance will be accomplished by the operator pursuant to the User Guide. An equivalent
level of safety will be achieved because these sUAS are very limited in size and will carry a
small payload and operate only in restricted areas for limited periods of time. If inechanical
issues arise, the sUAS can land immediately and will be operating from no higher than 400 feet
AGL. As provided in the User Guide, the operator will ensure that the sUAS is in working order
prior to initiating flight, perform required maintenance and keep a log of any maintenance
performed. Moreover, the operator is the person most familiar with the aircraft and best suited to
maintain the aircraft in an airworthy condition to provide the equivalent level of safety.

PUBLIC INTEREST AND PRIVACY

Approval of exemptions allowing commercial operations of sUASs for search and rescue
operations, forward reconnaissance, and aerial command and control of large scale incidents
enhances safety while reducing the risk to both the public and emergency responders. Manned
aircraft, performing these same essential functions, creates a greater risk because the craft are
much larger, have combustible fuel, and carry an onboard human pilot. In contrast, a sUAS
weighing 5 pounds, powered by batteries, and utilizing flight systems such as GPS, VPS, and
Failsafe, eliminates virtually all of that risk given the reduced mass and lack of combustible fuel
carried on board. The sUAS will carry no passengers or crew and, therefore, will not expose
them to the risks associated with manned aircraft flights.

All flights will be conducted over the authorized areas of emergency operations, and with the
express consent of the authority having jurisdiction. Images taken, still and motion, will be of the
individuals operating within the boundaries of the incident, or the subject of the incident, and
will not be used for any other purpose than to provide information for the incident commander,
Communication Support Team (CST), incident management team (IMT), or their designee(s).
EQUIVALENT LEVEL OF SAFETY

Oakland County Fire Mutual Aid Association (MABAS 3201) proposes that the exemption
requested herein apply to civil aircraft that have the characteristics and that operate within the
limitations listed herein. These limitations provide for at least an equivalent or even higher level
of safety to operations under the current regulatory structure because the proposed operations
represent a safety enhancement to the already safe protocols followed by aerial survey operations
conducted with helicopters and other conventional aircraft. Oakland County Fire Mutual Aid
Association (MABAS 3201) will be bound by the following limitations when conducting its
sUAS operations under an FAA issued exemption:

         1. The sUAS will weigh less than 5 pounds.

         2. Be operated by an FAA certificated airman holding no less than a Private Pilot
         certificate.

         3. Flights will be operated within line of sight of a pilot and/or observer.

        4. Maximum total flight time for each operational flight will be 25 minutes. Flights will
         be terminated at 20% battery power reserve.

         5. Flights will be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet AGL.

        6. Flight operations will be conducted 5 miles from an airport and at least 3 miles from
        any city or densely populated area, which are depicted in yeilow on VFR sectional charts.

        7. Flight operations within 5 miles of an airport require notification and approval from
        the local Flight Standards District Office and airport controller.

        8. Flight operations will occur during daylight hours and under visual meteorological
        conditions only.

        9. The FAA will have advance notice of all operations through the filing of notices to
        airmen (NOTAM).

         10. Minimum crew for each operation will consist of the sUAS pilot and visual observer.

         11. The pilot and visual observer will have been trained in the operation of the sUAS.

         12. The pilot and visual observer will at all times be able to communicate by voice and/or
        text.

         13. Written and/or oral permission from the relevant property holders will be obtained.

         14. Flight operations will be conducted at least 500 feet from all non-participating
        persons, vessels, vehicles and structures unless: a. Barriers or structures are present that
         sufficiently protect non-participating persons from debris in the event of an accident. The
         pilot will ensure that non-participating persons remain under such protection. If a
         situation arises where non-participating persons leave such protection and are within 500
         feet of the sUAS, flight operations will cease immediately and/or; b. The aircraft is
         operated near vessels, vehicles or structures where the land owner/controller has granted
         permission and the PIC has made a safety assessment of the risk of operating closer to
         those objects and; c. Operations near the pilot or visual observer do not present an undue
         hazard to the pilot or visual observer.

         15. If the sUAS loses communication or loses its GPS signal, the sUAS will
         automatically return to a safe, pre-determined location and land.

         16. The sUAS will have the capability to abort flight in case of unpredicted obstacles or
         emergencies.

FEDERAL REGISTER SUMMARY

         Oakland County Fire Mutual Aid Association (MABAS 3201), 2100 Pontiac Lake Road,
         Dept 471, Waterford, MI 48328, for an exemption from part 21 and ㎣ 45.23(b),
         61.113(a) and (b), 91. 7(a), 91.9(b)(2), 91.103, 91.109, 91.119, 91.121, 91.1 SI (a),
         91.203(a) and (b), 91.405(a), 407(a)(1), 409(a)(2), 417(a) and (b) of Title 14, Code of the
         Federal Regulations (14 CFR). The exemption wuld allow commercial operation of the
         DJI Phantom 3 sUAS to conduct urban/suburban/rural post-storm damage and casualty
         assessment; wilderness search and rescue; real-time aerial video feed of incidents where
         the size of the incident is large making it difficult to monitor changes in the incident from
         one place on the ground; command and control of wide-spread incidents; creation of
         orthophotos; three-dimensional (3D) area and structural mapping; creation of digital
         terrain / surface models; debris volume estimation; hydrology / inundation estimation;

Satisfaction of the criteria provided in Section 333 of the Reform Act of 2012 -- size, weight,
speed, operating capabilities, proximity to airports and populated areas and operation within
visual line of sight and national security -- provide more than adequate justification for the grant
of the requested exemptions allowing commercial operation of Oakland County Fire Mutual Aid
Association (MABAS 3201), sUAS for the above listed purposes.

Respectfully ubmitted,

   l.
Lieutenant Donerbert
Oakland County Fire Mutual Aid Association (MABAS 3201)
(Appendix A)
