September 25, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 13009
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA-2015-1802

Mr. Scott Aschoff
CEO
OCEANdrive Capital Advisors
5188 Ocean Drive
Avalon, NJ 08202

Dear Mr. Aschoff:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter posted to the public docket May 28, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation
Administration (FAA) on behalf of OCEANdrive Capital Advisors (hereinafter petitioner or
operator) for an exemption. The petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system
(UAS) to conduct inspections, research and development, and search and rescue operations.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a Trimble UX5.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
                                                                                                                 2

provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, OCEANdrive Capital Advisors is granted an exemption
from 14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a),
91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a)
and (b), to the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data
collectionThis exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                             3

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, OCEANdrive Capital Advisors is hereafter referred to as
the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the Trimble UX5 when
    weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any other
    aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are not
    permitted.

3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
    exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
    compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
    airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
    aircraft manufacturer.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.

    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
    electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
    must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
    required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
                                                                                                            4

    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.
                                                                                                            5

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.
                                                                                                            6

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

    The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
    nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
    reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
    contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.
                                                                                                                 7

 If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
 television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                       8

This exemption terminates on October 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,
/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
                                      Scott Aschoff
                                           CEO

                           OCEANdrive Capital Advisors
                                   5188 Ocean Drive
                                   Avalon NJ 08202
                                      856-313-3654

The petitioner is requesting relief on the following regulations to improve
the safety and reduce the response time of first responders.

Part 21 prescribes, in pertinent part, the procedural requirements for issuing
and changing design approvals, productions approvals, airworthiness
certificates, and airworthiness approvals.

Section 45.23(b) prescribes, in pertinent part, that when marks include only
the Roman capital letter "N" and the registration number is displayed on
limited, restricted or light- sport category aircraft or experimental or
provisionally certificated aircraft, the operator must also display on that
aircraft near each entrance to the cabin, cockpit, or pilot.

Section 61.113(a) and (b) prescribe that--
(a) no person who holds a private pilot certificate may act as a pilot in
command of an aircraft that is carrying passengers or property for
compensation or hire; nor may that person, for compensation or hire, act as
pilot in command of an aircraft.
(b) a private pilot may, for compensation or hire, act as pilot in command of
an aircraft in connection with any business or employment if:
(1) The flight is only incidental to that business or employment; and
(2) The aircraft does not carry passengers or property for compensation or
hire.
Section 61.133(a) prescribes, in pertinent part, that a person who holds a
commercial pilot certificate may act as pilot in command of an aircraft: (i)
Carrying persons or property for compensation or hire, provided the person
is qualified in accordance with this part and with the applicable parts of this
chapter that apply to the operation; and (ii) For compensation or hire,
provided the person is qualified in accordance with this part and with the
applicable parts of this chapter that apply to the operation.
Section 91.7(a) prescribes that no person may operate a civil aircraft unless
it is in an airworthy condition.

Section 91.7(b) prescribes that the pilot in command of a civil aircraft is
responsible for determining whether that aircraft is in condition for safe
flight. The pilot in command shall discontinue the flight when unairworthy
mechanical, electrical, or structural conditions occur.
Section 91.9(b)(2) prohibits operation of U.S.-registered civil aircraft unless
there is available in the aircraft a current approved Airplane or Rotorcraft
Flight Manual, approved manual material, markings, and placards, or any
combination thereof.
Section 91.109(a) prescribes, in pertinent part, that no person may operate a
civil aircraft (except a manned free balloon) that is being used for flight
instruction unless that aircraft has fully functioning dual controls.
Section 91.119 prescribes that, except when necessary for takeoff or landing,
no person may operate an aircraft below the following altitudes:
(a) Anywhere. An altitude allowing, if a power unit fails, an emergency
landing without undue hazard to persons or property on the surface.
3
(b) Over congested areas. Over any congested area of a city, town, or
settlement, or over any open air assembly of persons, an altitude of 1,000
feet above the highest obstacle within a horizontal radius of 2,000 feet of the
aircraft.
(c) Over other than congested areas. An altitude of 500 feet above the
surface, except over open water or sparsely populated areas. In those cases,
the aircraft may not be operated closer than 500 feet to any person, vessel,
vehicle, or structure.
(d) Helicopters, powered parachutes, and weight-shift-control aircraft. If the
operation is conducted without hazard to persons or property on the
surface--
(1) A helicopter may be operated at less than the minimums prescribed in
paragraph (b) or (c) of this section, provided each person operating the
helicopter complies with any routes or altitudes specifically prescribed for
helicopters by the FAA; and
(2) A powered parachute or weight-shift-control aircraft may be operated at
less than the minimums prescribed in paragraph (c) of this section.

Section 91.151(a) prescribes that no person may begin a flight in an airplane
under visual flight rules (VFR) conditions unless (considering wind and
forecast weather conditions) there is enough fuel to fly to the first point of
intended landing and, assuming normal cruising speed, (1) during the day, to
fly after that for at least 30 minutes [emphasis added].

Section 91.203(a) prescribes, in pertinent part, that no person operate a civil
aircraft unless it has within it (1) an appropriate and current airworthiness
certificate; and (2) an effective U.S. registration certificate issued to its
owner or, for operation within the United States, the second copy of the
Aircraft registration Application as provided for in § 47.31(c).

Section 91.203(b) prescribes, in pertinent part, that no person may operate a
civil aircraft unless the airworthiness certificate or a special flight
authorization issued under § 91.715 is displayed at the cabin or cockpit
entrance so that it is legible to passengers or crew.

Section 91.319(a)(1), Aircraft having experimental certificates: Operating
limitations, prescribes in pertinent part that no person may operate an
aircraft that has an experimental certificate for other than the purpose for
which the certificate was issued.

Section 91.405(a) requires, in pertinent part, that an aircraft operator or
owner shall have that aircraft inspected as prescribed in subpart E of the
same part and shall, between required inspections, except as provided in
paragraph (c) of the same section, have discrepancies repaired as prescribed
in part 43 of the chapter.

Section 91.407(a)(1) prohibits, in pertinent part, any person from operating
an aircraft that has undergone maintenance, preventive maintenance,
rebuilding, or alteration unless it has been approved for return to service by a
person authorized under § 43.7 of the same chapter.

Section 91.409(a)(2) prescribes that no person may operate any aircraft
unless, within the preceding 12 calendar months, it has had an inspection for
the issuance of an airworthiness certificate in accordance with part 21 of this
chapter.

Section 91.417(a) prescribes, in pertinent part, that--
(a) Each registered owner or operator shall keep the following records for
the periods specified in paragraph (b) of this section:
(1) Records of the maintenance, preventive maintenance, and alteration and
records of the 100-hour, annual, progressive, and other required or approved
inspections, as appropriate, for each aircraft (including the airframe) and
each engine, propeller, rotor, and appliance of an aircraft. The records must
include--
(i) A description (or reference to data acceptable to the Administrator) of
the work performed; and
(ii) The date of completion of the work performed; and
(iii) The signature, and certificate number of the person approving the
aircraft for return to service.
(2) Records containing the following information:
(i) The total time in service of the airframe, each engine, each propeller, and
each rotor.
(ii) The current status of life-limited parts of each airframe, engine,
propeller, rotor, and appliance.
5
(iii) The time since last overhaul of all items installed on the aircraft which
are required to be overhauled on a specified time basis.
(iv) The current inspection status of the aircraft, including the time since the
last inspection required by the inspection program under which the aircraft
and its appliances are maintained.
(v) The current status of applicable airworthiness directives (AD) and safety
directives including, for each, the method of compliance, the AD or safety
directive number and revision date. If the AD or safety directive involves
recurring action, the time and date when the next action is required.
(vi) Copies of the forms prescribed by § 43.9(d) of this chapter for each
major alteration to the airframe and currently installed engines, rotors,
propellers, and appliances.

The petitioner has provided or will provide the following information via
hyperlinks­ contained in its petition and proprietary supporting
documentation: 1) Trimble UX5 Safety Checklist, 2) Training Manual, 3)
UX5 Maintenance and Inspection Manual, and 4) Trimble UX5 Aerial
Imaging Solution User Guide (User Guide), ­ in support of its exemption
request.

The petitioner will submit additional information 1) FAA Experimental
Airworthiness Certificate for its UX5, and
The petitioner states that given the size, weight, speed, and limited operating
area associated with the aircraft to be utilized by the applicant, an exemption
from 14 CFR part 21, Subpart H (Airworthiness Certificates), subject to
certain conditions and limitations, is warranted and meets the requirements
for an equivalent level of safety under 14 CFR part 11 and Section 333 of
P.L. 112-95 (Section 333).

The petitioner states that the unmanned aircraft (UA) to be operated under
this request is a fixed-wing aircraft, weighs less than 6 pounds fully loaded,
flies at a maximum speed of no more than 74.5 knots indicated airspeed
(KIAS), and a cruise speed of 49 KIAS, carries neither a pilot nor passenger,
carries no flammable fuels, and operates exclusively within a pre-disclosed
area. Operations under this exemption will be tightly controlled and
monitored by both the operator and local public safety requirements.
In addition, the UX5 has a semi-autonomous navigation and control system
comprised of a Ground Control Station (GCS) and auto-pilot system. All
flights are pre-programmed with precise global positioning system (GPS)
guidance and do not require human intervention.

The flight mission area and routing cannot be changed after launch. Flights
are not directed by positive manual control by the operator, nor are evasive
maneuvers. In the case of unplanned events, the operator inputs pre-
programmed evasive maneuvers from the GCS and the UX5 executes that
maneuver. Pre-programmed operator interventions include diversion to the
right; initiation of holding at present position; suspension of mission; fly
back to launch point; fly to point and hold; abort mission and land; and
emergency power cut off and land.

Additional automated safety functions and safety enhancing features of the
UX5 include: a. Auto-pilot detection of lost GPS or of insufficient satellites
initiates an immediate spiral landing; b. Low power on the aircraft triggers
escalating alarms at GCS at 35% and 10% levels; c. If the auto-pilot detects
a lost-link to the GCS for longer than 30 seconds, landing
procedure begins; d. The UX5 is inherently unstable; auto-pilot failure will
result in a rapid exit from flight; e. The UX5 has an on-board fail safe that
limits speed of a dive to no more than 14 m/s; f. The UX5 weighs less than
6 pounds and is constructed of EPP foam or similar
material which is intended to absorb impact energy; and g. The UX5's
motor is driven by a pulse width modulated signal, not an analog signal.
Regarding the display of appropriate aircraft markings (14 CFR 45.23), the
petitioner states that the UX5 has no entrance to the cabin, cockpit, or pilot
station on which the word "experimental" can be placed. Further, given the
size of the UA, two-inch lettering would be impossible. The petitioner states
that an equivalent level of safety will be achieved by having the UX5
marked on its forward fuselage as required by § 45.23(f) where the pilot,
observer and others working with the UA will see the identification of the
UAS as "experimental."

The petitioner states that maintenance of the UX5 will be accomplished by
the owner/operator in accordance with the UX5 Maintenance & Inspection
Manual. The UAS is small in size, carries no external payload, and is not a
complex mechanical aeronautical device.

Furthermore, the petitioner states that the UX5 operator will attend a
manufacturer's training program, is the most familiar with the UX5, and is
best suited to maintain the aircraft in an airworthy condition.

Additionally, the UX5 Maintenance & Inspection Manual contains
procedures for periodic inspections and replacement intervals for UX5
airframe and component parts, including instructions for the performance of
inspections, maintenance and record keeping.

Other companies have been issued an FAA Special Airworthiness Certificate
in the Experimental Category for the UX5. The UX5 has accumulated more
than 200 registered test flights and more than 475 registered production
flights, amounting to a total of more than 170 flight hours of testing.
UAS Pilot In Command (PIC).

The petitioner asserts that operators of the UX5 should not be required to
hold a commercial or private pilot certification and the petitioner notes that
unlike a conventional aircraft that carries a pilot, passengers, and cargo, the
UX5 is remotely controlled with no passengers or property of others on
board. The petitioner proposes that operator requirements should take into
account the characteristics of the particular UAS. The petitioner states that
the UX5 has a high degree of pre-programmed control and various built-in
technical capabilities that strictly limit the potential for operation outside of
the operating conditions set forth in its petition for exemption.
The petitioner states that given the UX5 safety features, it proposes that the
operators of the UX5 should be required to (1) have successfully completed
FAA private pilot ground instruction and passed the FAA Private Pilot
written examination or FAA-recognized equivalents; and (2) have will
successfully complete the manufacturer's training program for operation of
the UAS which has been approved by the FAA through its Special
Airworthiness Certificate process.

The petitioner notes that the FAA has found that safety factors permitted
operation of UASs by operators with these qualifications in the case of
operations pursuant to public COAs when the mandatory operating
conditions specified above were present. The petitioner argues that given
these conditions and restrictions, an equivalent level of safety will be
provided by allowing operation of the UX5 without a private pilot's
certificate or a commercial pilot's certificate.

The petitioner also believes the FAA has the statutory authority to grant
exemptions to the requirements for, and privileges associated with, the grant
of airmen's certificates and then references 49 USC § 44701 (f).
UAS Operating Parameters.

The petitioner notes that the UX5 will be restricted to an altitude of 400 feet
above ground level (AGL) and will occur in Class G airspace. The petitioner
states that all operations will occur during daylight hours and the FAA will
have advance notice of all operations through the filing of notices-to-airmen
(NOTAMs).

The petitioner asserts that all operations will avoid congested or populated
areas. The petitioner further asserts all operations will be conducted over
private, public and controlled access property. The petitioner notes that it
will obtain permission from land owner/controller prior to the beginning of
every flight when filming. All operations will occur under Visual Flight
Rules Meteorological Conditions (VMC) only.

The petitioner asserts that the size of the aircraft, the lack of flammable fuel,
and the fact that the aircraft is carried to the location and not flown there all
establish the equivalent level of safety. The petitioner states that the UX5
construction with energy absorbent material provides at least an equivalent
level of safety compared to operations being conducted with conventional
aircraft that would be orders-of-magnitude larger and would be carrying
passengers, cargo, and flammable fuel.

With respect to the fuel requirements, the petitioner notes that, in order to
meet the 30 minute reserve requirements in 14 CFR 91.151, UAS flights
would have to be limited to approximately 20 minutes. The petitioner states
that limiting UX5 flights to 20 minutes would greatly reduce their utility.

The petitioner argues that, given the limitations on the UA's proposed
operations and the location of those proposed operations, a longer time
frame for flight in daylight VFR conditions is reasonable. The petitioner
believes that an equivalent level of safety can be achieved by maintaining 10
minutes of reserve fuel, which, allowing 40 minutes of flight time, would be
more adequate to return the UAS to its planned landing zone from anywhere
in its operating area.

Public Interest:
The petitioner states that approval of the exemption allowing commercial
operations of the UX5 will enhance safety by reducing risk and providing
environmental benefits and thus is in the public interest. Conventional aerial
operations for motion picture or television operations, monitor rail line
activities, commercial pipeline activities, to conduct it own research and to
develop economic platforms for law enforcement, first responders and
search and rescue in the southern half of New Jersey, using jet or piston-
powered aircraft present risks associated with aircraft that weigh in the
neighborhood of 5,000 to 7,000 pounds or more, carry large quantities of
fuel, passengers, and, in some cases, cargo. Such aircraft must fly to and
from the survey location.
In contrast, a UX5 weighs less than 6 pounds and is powered by batteries
eliminating a portion of that risk given the reduced mass and lack of
combustible fuel carried on board. Further, the

UX5 will perform operations for motion picture or television operations,
monitor rail line activities, commercial pipeline activities, to conduct it own
research and to develop economic platforms for law enforcement, first
responders and search and rescue in the southern half of New Jersey
location, not flown there; it will carry no passengers and thus will not expose
any individuals to the risks associated with manned aircraft flights. Thus, the
petitioner states it is in the public interest to grant this petition.
In the past NAAA has stated that the UX5 is designed to operate with pre-
programmed GPS guidance and does not require human intervention and
according to the application, the aircraft's mission area and routing cannot
be changed after launch. NAAA further stated that if an unplanned event
occurs, the operator inputs pre-programmed evasive maneuvers into the
control unit and asserted that the pilot/operator of the UX5 may become less
vigilant and complacent since he or she has no piloting duties to perform
during normal flight operations.

Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA) to address airspace
requirements and notification. Further detail is contained in the analysis of
the UAS operating parameters below.
NAAA commented that the UA should have assigned numbers that can be
read from a suitable distance to aid in identification when enforcement of
flight regulations is required. The FAA partially agrees with NAAA. The
UA operated under this exemption will be marked in accordance with 14
CFR part 45 or as otherwise authorized by the FAA. Further detail is
contained in the analysis of the UAS below.

The Petitioners analysis is as follows:
Unmanned Aircraft System (UAS)

The petitioner is requesting relief from 14 CFR part 21. In accordance with
the statutory criteria provided in Section 333 of P.L. 112-95 in reference to
49 USC § 44704, and in consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited
operating area associated with the aircraft and its operation, T

The petitioner concludes the UX5 aircraft and its operation was subject to a
comprehensive safety risk assessment by the FAA in the past, and as part of
that process, and it was determined that the UAS could be operated safely
subject to certain operating limitations to ensure the safety of persons,
property, and other aircraft in the NAS.

These operating limitations prescribed as part of the experimental
airworthiness certification process that are appropriate and necessary to
ensure safety will be included in the exemption conditions and limitations.
Manned aircraft conducting aerial surveying, monitoring and saftey
operations can weigh 5,000 to 7,000 lbs. or more and are operated by an
onboard pilot, in addition to other onboard crewmembers, as necessary.

The petitioner's UA will weigh less than 6 lbs. The pilot and crew will be
remotely located from the aircraft. The limited weight and construction with
impact absorbent materials significantly reduces the potential for harm to
persons or damage to property in the event of an incident or accident. The
risk to an onboard pilot and crew during an incident or accident is eliminated
with the use of a UAS for the aerial surveying operation.

Manned aircraft are at risk of fuel spillage and fire in the event of an incident
or accident. The UX5 carries no fuel and therefore the risk of fire following
an incident or accident due to fuel spillage is eliminated.

The petitioner's UAS has the capability to operate safely after experiencing
certain in-flight contingencies or failures and uses an auto-pilot system to
maintain UAS stability and control. The UAS is also able to respond to a
loss of GPS or a lost-link event with a pre-coordinated, predictable,
automated flight maneuver. These safety features provide an equivalent level
of safety compared to a manned aircraft holding a restricted airworthiness
certificate performing a similar operation.

The petitioner's represents the Maintenance and Inspection Manual, Safety
Checklist, and User Guide contain sufficient information for the preparation
and care of UX5 equipment; the petitioner's extensive UX5 flight testing
further validates these procedures before the first commercial flight.

Thank you for your consideration,

Scott Aschoff
