August 26, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12624
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA-2015-2478

Mr. Jonathan J. Ammon
OffTheGround
301 McLellan Boulevard
Phoenix, AZ 85013

Dear Mr. Ammon:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated June 1, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of OffTheGround (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption. The petitioner
requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct site documentation and
videography of developed and undeveloped commercial property for developers, brokers,
architects and construction professionals.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a DJI Phantom 2 Vision+.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
                                                                                                                 2

consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, OffTheGround is granted an exemption from 14 CFR
§§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121,
91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to the
extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                              3

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, OffTheGround is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom 2
    Vision+ when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations
    of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
    not permitted.

3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
    exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
    compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
    airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
    aircraft manufacturer.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.

    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
    electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
    must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
    required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
                                                                                                            4

    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
                                                                                                            5

    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
                                                                                                               6

       (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
       be as large as practicable.

   23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
       any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
       PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
       These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
       official upon request.

   24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
       activities at all times.

   25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

   26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
       persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
          a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
             from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
             that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
             where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
             the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
             of nonparticipating persons; and
          b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
             for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
             the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
             present an undue hazard.

       The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
       nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

   27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
       permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
       Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
       obtained for each flight to be conducted.

   28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
       boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
       to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
       reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
       contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.
                                                                                                                 7

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                      8

This exemption terminates on August 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,
/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
                                                                                          OffTheGround  
                                                                              Phoenix,  Arizona  85013  

                                                                                Phone:  602-689-9552  
                                                              Email:  jammon@offtheground.build  

Date:  June  1,  2015  

U.S.  Department  of  Transportation,  Docket  Operations  
West  Building  Ground  Floor,  Room  W12-140    
1200  New  Jersey  Avenue,  SE    
Washington,  DC  20590    

Dear  Sir  or  Madam:  
Pursuant   to   Section   333   of   the   FAA   Modernization   and   Reform   Act   of   2012   (the  
Reform   Act),   OffTheGround   herby   applies   for   an   exemption   from   the   Federal  
Aviation   Regulations   identified   herein   to   allow   for   the   commercial   operation   of   a  
small  unmanned  aerial  vehicle  (i.e.,  UAV)  for  the  purposes  of  site  documentation  and  
videography   of   developed   and   undeveloped   commercial   property   for   developers,  
brokers,   architects   and   construction   professionals   in   airspace   regulated   by   the  
Federal  Aviation  Administration  (FAA)  in  Maricopa  County,  Arizona.  

OffTheGround's   operation   under   this   exemption   will   be   subject   to   strict   operating  
requirements   and   conditions   to   ensure   an   equivalent   level   of   safety   to   currently  
authorized   operations   using   manned   aircraft   and   under   conditions   as   may   be  
modified   by   the   FAA   as   required   by   Section   333.      Furthermore,   OffTheGround   will  
be   operated   under   controlled   conditions   at   low   altitudes   that   are   permitted   in  
accordance  with  OffTheGround's  Certificate  of  Authorization  (COA).      

This   exemption   would   permit   the   commercial   operation   of   the   UAV   DJI   Phantom   2  
Vision   +.      Additional   specifications,   checklists   and   training   guides   are   included   as  
appendices  in  this  submittal.        

The  applicant  contact  information  is:  
    · OffTheGround

     · Attn:  Jonathan  J  Ammon
     · Telephone:  602-689-9552
     · Email:  Jammon@offtheground.build
     · Address:  301  McLellan  Blvd,  Phoenix,  Arizona  85013

OffTheGround  contends  that  this  application  satisfies  the  conditions  and  criteria  set  
forth  in  Section  333  of  the  Reform  Act,  that  the  operations  described  herein  benefit  
the   public   interest   as   a   whole   and   that   the   use   of   UAVs   for   commercial   site  
documentation   for   developers,   brokers,   architects   and   construction   professionals  
meets   or   exceeds   the   level   of   safety   currently   experienced   by   traditional   manned  
aircraft   utilized   for   these   purposes.      Approval   of   this   exemption   would   thereby  
enhance   safety   and   fulfill   the   Secretary   of   Transportation's   (the   FAA  
Administrator's)  responsibilities  to  "...establish  requirements  for  the  safe  operation  
of   such   aircraft   systems   in   the   national   airspace   system"   in   Section   333(c)   of   the  
Reform  Act.  OffTheGround  is  thankful  for  the  Federal  Aviation  Administration's  time  
and  consideration.  
  
Respectfully,  
  
  
  
  
Jonathan  Ammon,  Registered  Architect  
Founder,  OffTheGround  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
     
For  your  convenience,  OffTheGround  has  organized  this  exemption  request  in  
the  following  format:  
  

    I. Regulations  for  which  the  Exemption  is  Required  
    II. Statutory  Authority  for  Requested  Exemptions  
    III. OffTheGround  Background  Information  
    IV. Proposed  Operations  

             a. Operation  Locations  and  Environments  
             b. Operating  Conditions  and  Limitations  
             c. Operator  Certification  and  Requirements  
             d. UAV  Registration,  Markings  and  Requirements  
    V. Public  Benefit  and  Public  Interest  
    VI. Discussion  of  Requested  FAR  Exemptions  
  

I.   Regulations  for  which  the  Exemption  is  Required  

   OffTheGround  requests  exemption  from  the  following  regulations:  

    · 14  C.F.R.  Part  21,  Subpart  H  ­  Airworthiness  Certificates  
    · 14  C.F.R  §45.23(b)­Display  of  Marks  
    · 14  C.F.R  §45.27(a)­Location  of  Marks  Non  Fixed-Wing  Aircraft  
    · 14  C.F.R  §  61.113  (a)  &  (b)  -  Private  Pilot  Privileges  and  Limitations;  Pilot  in  

         Command  

    · 14  C.F.R  §  91.7  (a)  ­  Civil  Aircraft  Airworthiness  
    · 14  C.F.R  §91.9(b)(2)&(c)­Civil  Aircraft  Flight  Manual  
    · 14  C.F.R  §91.103­Preflight  Action  
    · 14  C.F.R  §  91.109  (a)  ­  Flight  Instruction  
    · 14  C.F.R  §91.119­Minimum  Safe  Altitudes  
    · 14  C.F.R  §  91.121  ­  Altimeter  Settings  
    · 14  C.F.R  §91.151(a)(1)  -  Fuel  Requirements  for  Flight  in  VFR  (Visual  Flight  

         Rule)  Conditions  

    · 14  C.F.R  §91.203(a)&(b)­Carrying  Civil  Aircraft  Certification  and  
         Registration  

    · 14  C.F.R  §§  91.405  (a),  91.407  (a)(l),  91.409  (a)(2),  91.417  (a)  &  (b)  ­  
         Maintenance  Inspections  

  

II.   Statutory  Authority  for  Requested  Exemptions  

  
         This  petition  for  exemption  is  submitted  in  accordance  with  Section  333  of  the  
         Reform  Act.  Congress  has  directed  the  FAA  "to  safely  accelerate  the  integration  
         of  civil  unmanned  aircraft  systems  into  the  national  airspace  system."  Pursuant  
         to  Section  333  of  the  Reform  Act,  the  FAA  Administrator  is  to  permit  operation  
         of  an  unmanned  aircraft  system  where  it  does  not  create  a  hazard  to  users  of  the  
         National  Airspace  System  ("NAS")  or  the  public  or  pose  a  threat  to  national  
         security  based  on  the  following  considerations:  

              · The  size,  weight,  speed  and  operational  capability  
              · Operation  in  proximity  to  airports  and  populated  areas  
              · Operation  within  visual  line  of  sight  of  the  operator  
         Furthermore,  the  Federal  Aviation  Act  grants  the  FAA  Administrator  general  
         authority  to  grant  exemptions  from  the  agency's  safety  regulations  and  
         minimum  standards  when  the  Administrator  decides  a  requested  exemption  is  in  
         the  public  interest.    A  party  requesting  an  exemption  must  explain  the  reasons  
         why  the  exemption:  (1)  would  benefit  the  public  as  a  whole,  and  (2)  would  not  
         adversely  affect  safety  or  how  it  would  provide  a  level  of  safety  at  least  equal  to  
         the  existing  rules.  

         The  Federal  Aviation  Act  expressly  grants  the  FAA  the  authority  to  issue  
         exemptions.  This  statutory  authority,  by  its  terms,  includes  exempting  civil  
         aircraft,  as  the  term  is  defined  under  40101  of  the  Act,  from  the  requirement  
         that  all  civil  aircraft  must  have  a  current  airworthiness  certificate  and  those  
         regulations  requiring  commercial  pilots  to  operate  aircraft  in  commercial  service:    

             · The  Administrator  may  grant  an  exemption  from  a  requirement  of  a  
                  regulation  prescribed  under  subsection  (a)  or  (b)  of  this  section  or  any  of  
                  sections.      

  

III.   OffTheGround  Background  Information  

           
         OffTheGround  will  provide  safe,  efficient  and  outstanding  aerial  imaging  and  
         videography   services   to   clients   in   the   following   industries:   commercial  
         property  development,  brokerage,  architecture  and  construction.    
           
         The   founder,   Jonathan   J   Ammon,   is   a   license   architect   and   budding  
         commercial   developer   in   Phoenix,   Arizona.      He   has   worked   in   the  
         construction   management   industry   as   a   Virtual   Design   and   Construction  
         (VDC)   Engineer   and   Manager   for   4   years.      He   has   also   led   the   virtual  
         coordination   and   construction   of   architecture,   structural   and   mechanical,  
         electrical   and   plumbing   systems   on   13   commercial   projects   throughout   the  
         United  Stated.    VDC  is  a  market  niche  focused  on  developing  and  utilizing  3-
         Dimensional   visualization   software   and   technology   to   enable   collaboration  
         among   designers,   architects,   engineers   and   builders.      Jonathan   obtained   his  
         construction   OSHA   30   accreditation   for   safety   operations   (Occupational  
         Safety   &   Health   Administration)   in   2014,   his   architectural   license   in   2015  
         and   has   given   numerous   construction   tours   of   buildings   throughout   the  
         United  States.  
           
         Similar   to   the   primary   goals   and   intentions   of   construction   firms,  
         OffTheGround   takes   a   `Safety   First'   approach   to   all   of   its   endeavors   in   the  
         UAV  operations  industry.  
  
  
  
  
  
  
IV.   Proposed  Operations  

         OffTheGround   is   requesting   exemptions   from   the   Federal   Aviation  
         Regulations  (the  "FARs")  stated  herein  pursuant  to  Section  333  of  the  Reform  
         Act   in   order   to   document   both   developed   and   undeveloped   commercial  
         property   throughout   Maricopa   County   for   developers,   brokers,   architects  
         and  construction  professionals  utilizing  the  UAV  DJI  Phantom  2  Vision  +.  
  
         Site   documentation   of   predetermined,   developed,   undeveloped   and   desert  
         areas   are   currently   performed   by   three   main   methods:   (1)   manned-aircraft  
         (2)   on   foot   or   (3)   3rd   party   software   such   as   Google   Earth   or   Maricopa.gov's  
         Plat   Maps.      In   many   cases,   each   of   the   aforementioned   methods   can   be  
         replaced   or   augmented   by   using   a   UAV   to   perform   site   studies   and  
         documentation   opportunities.      The   UAV   can   provide   all   or   a   combination   of  
         (1)   better   results   (2)   improved,   more   specified   and   greater   visualization  
         coverage   (3)   increased   worker   and   public   safety   and   (4)   decreased   costs  
         over   the   current   visualization   and   documentation   methods.      Please   see  
         Section  V  Public  Benefit  and  Public  Interest  for  additional  information.  
  
         OffTheGround   will   operate   their   UAVs   with   a   gimbal   mounted   high-
         resolution   camera.      The   camera   will   acquire   still   photographs   and/or   video  
         of   existing   structures,   vacant   land   in   both   urban   and   desert   environments  
         and   current   construction   sites.      The   documentation   work   and   UAV   operator  
         will   be   completed   by   owner   and   founder   Jonathan   Ammon   using   a   live   feed  
         from   the   UAV's   attached   camera.      The   images   and   videos   will   then   be  
         categorized   and   cataloged   for   OffTheGround's   clients.      All   documented   sites  
         will   be   predetermined,   controlled   as   to   access   and   provide   a   safer   option   to  
         aircraft  or  on-foot  activity.  
  
         A. Operation  Locations  and  Environments  
         OffTheGround   will   operate   a   lightweight   2.75   pound   battery   operated   4-
         motor   DJI   Phantom   2   Vision   +   to   document   commercial   properties  
         throughout   Maricopa   County   for   developers,   brokers,   architects   and  
         construction   professionals.      The   locations   and   environments   that  
         OffTheGround  will  document  include  the  following:  

                      o Existing  structures  
                      o Empty  urban  lots  
                      o Construction  Projects  
                      o Open  desert  
  
         B. Operating  Conditions  and  Limitations  
         OffTheGround   operators   will   abide   by   the   following   conditions   and  
         requirements:  
         (a) The  safe  operation  of  the  UAV  (the  DJI  Phantom  2  Vision+)  will  be  the  
                  first  priority  before,  during  and  after  every  operation  
         (b) As  a  majority  of  Maricopa  County  airspace  is  classified  as  Type  B,  the  
                  UAV  will  not  exceed  an  altitude  of  over  400  feet  with  a  constant  Visual  
                  Lines  of  Site  (VLAS)  maintained  by  the  Pilot  in  Command  (PIC)  and  a  
                  Visual  Observer  (VO)  
(c) The  UAV  will  not  exceed  an  air  speed  of  25mph  
(d) All   required   permits   will   be   obtained   from   state   and   local  

         governments  and  agencies  prior  to  operation  if  necessary  
(e) Flight  operations  will  be  conducted  only  between  the  period  of  official  

         sunrise  and  sunset      
(f) All  flights  will  include  both  a  PIC  and  a  VO.    For  the  foreseeable  future,  

         the  only  PIC  will  be  Jonathan  Ammon  (founder  and  owner)  
(g) Any  additional/future  UAV  operators  employed  by  OffTheGround  will  

         have  been  granted  a  UAV  Commercial  Operating  License  through  the  
         Federal  Aviation  Administration  (FAA)  
(h) Any  PIC  will  be  trained  in  flight,  operations  and  safety  procedures  as  
         detailed   in   Appendix   A,   titled   Phantom   2   Vision   Plus   Pilot   Training  
         Guide  and  the  Phantom  2  Vision  Plus  User  Manual.    No  operations  by  a  
         PIC   will   be   allowed   until   Jonathan   J   Ammon   has   confirmed   that   the  
         documents  in  Appendices  A  and  D  are  read  and  fully  comprehended  
(i) The   PIC   will   not   operate   a   UAV   should   he   or   she   know   (or   has   any  
         reason   to   know)   of   any   physical   or   mental   condition   that   would  
         interfere  with  the  safe  operation  of  the  UAV  
(j) The  PIC  and  VO  will  at  ALL  times  have  their  vision  unaided  by  any  
         device  with  the  exception  of  corrective  lenses    
(k) The  PIC  and  VO  will  operate  and/or  observe  only  one  UAV  at  a  time  
(l) The  PIC  and  VO  will  at  all  times  be  able  to  communicate  by  voice  
(m) The  PIC  will  brief  the  VO  and  property  owner  about  the  operation  and  
         risk  before  the  first  flight  at  each  new  location  
(n) Prior  to  every  flight,  the  PIC  and  VO  will  assess  weather  conditions  
         using  FAA  approved  weather  sources  and  direct  weather  observation,  
         will  check  airspace  restrictions  and  will  assess    the  location  of  people  
         and  property  to  minimize  any  risks  if  he  or  she  loses  control  of  the  
         UAV.    
(o) Prior  to  every  flight,  the  PIC  and  VO  will  complete  a  Pre-Flight  
         Inspection  checklist  to  ascertain  that  the  UAV  is  in  a  condition  safe  for  
         flight.    The  PIC  and/or  VO  will  document  the  time,  date  and  location  of  
         every  flight.  Please  see  Appendix  B  titled  Pre-Flight  Checklist  
(p) Prior  to  every  flight,  predetermined  potential  landing  zones  will  be  
         identified  and  briefed  by  the  operator,  observers  and  participating  
         persons  prior  to  flight  
(q) At  the  end  of  each  flight,  the  PIC  and  VO  will  document  the  time,  date  
         and  location  of  the  UAV  flight.    Please  see  Appendix  C  titled  Post-Flight  
         Checklist  
(r) A  UAV  post-flight  inspection  will  also  be  completed  as  an  added  level  
         of  safety.    Please  see  Appendix  C  titled  Post-Flight  Checklist  
(s) At  no  time  shall  the  UAV  be  operated  with  missing  or  manufacturer  
         unapproved  parts,  or  in  any  condition  that  could  pose  a  hazard  to  any  
         other  aircraft  or  structure  or  person  on  the  ground.      
(t) OffTheGround  will  utilize  GPS  location  based  technology,  an  auto  
         return  home  function  and  will  never  operate  below  a  20%  battery  
         capacity  or  a  25  minute  flight  time  (whichever  comes  first)  
(u) OffTheGround  will  control  the  UAV  with  a  Ground  Station  based  2.4  
         (u) OffTheGround  will  control  the  UAV  with  a  Ground  Station  based  2.4  
                  GHZ  radio  transmitter  while  in  flight.    The  radio  receiver  will  receive  
                  live  video  and  flight  data  from  the  on-board  camera  and  computer.    
                  This  will  be  projected  onto  an  iPad  screen  for  the  PIC  and  VO  to  view  
                  during  flight      

         (v) OffTheGround  will  restrict  its  operations  to  flights  over  property  with  
                  the   permission   of   the   property   owner   and/or   representative.      All  
                  onsite   personnel   will   consent   to   the   UAV   flyover   on   site   by   waiver,  
                  and  the  operator  will  obtain  additional  verbal  or  written  consent  of  all  
                  persons  who  will  be  within  100  feet  of  flight  operation  

         (w) OffTheGround  will  confer  with  the  participating  parties  regarding  any  
                  known   hazards   or   abnormal   operating   conditions   that   OffTheGround  
                  may   consider   pertinent   to   UAV   operations.      Should   any   hazards  
                  and/or  conditions  be  identified,  they  will  be  documented  in  Appendix  
                  B  titled  Pre-Flight  Checklist  

         (x) OffTheGround  will  operate  at  a  lateral  distance  of  no  more  than  100  
                  feet  from  any  inhabited  structure,  building,  vehicle,  vessel  or  people  
                  not  associated  with  the  operation  or  who  have  not  signed  a  waiver  in  
                  advance  of  the  operation.  

         (y) OffTheGround   will   not   operate   over   non-participating   persons   and  
                  properties.  

         (z) OffTheGround  will  not  operate  over  densely  populated  areas  
         (aa) OffTheGround  will  not  operate  at  air  shows  
         (bb) OffTheGround  will  not  operate  at  during  construction  hours.    So  as  to  

                  minimize  the  risk  injury,  any  and  all  UAV  operations  will  be  limited  to  
                  end   of   day   operations   when   construction   operations   are   not   taking  
                  place.  
         (cc) OffTheGround  will  not  operate  over  heavily  trafficked  roads  
         (dd) OffTheGround   will   not   operate   within   5NM   of   an   airport   (please   see  
                  the   included   graphic   that   shows   a   5NM   radius   from   the   center   of  
                  Phoenix  Sky  Harbor  International  airport).    Should  the  opportunity  to  
                  operate   the   UAV   within   a   5NM   radius   of   the   airport,   OffTheGround  
                  will  request  and  acquire  the  necessary  permitting  and  documentation  
                  from  any  and  all  involved  agencies  (ex  ­  Police/Fire  Departments)  
         (ee) OffTheGround  will  not  operate  in  restricted  airspace,  or  areas  under  
                  current  Temporary  Flight  Restrictions  (TFRs).      
         (ff) The  UAV  utilized  will  weigh  less  than  10  lbs  (the  current  UAV  in  use  
                  has  a  maximum  takeoff  weight  of  approximately  2.9  pounds).      For  the  
                  foreseeable   future,   any   UAV   drone   investments   will   be   similar   to   the  
                  DJI  Phantom  2  Vision+  product  
         (gg) The  UAV  will  yield  the  right-of-way  to  other  aircraft,  manned  or  
                  unmanned.  If  there  is  a  risk  of  a  collision,  the  operator  will  
                  immediately  maneuver  away.    Furthermore,  the  PIC  will  discontinue  
                  the  flight  when  continuing  would  pose  a  hazard  to  other  aircraft,  
                  people  or  property  
  
  
  
         C. Operator  Certification  and  Requirements  
         OffTheGround   operators   will   abide   by   the   following   conditions   and  
         requirements:  
         (a) Operators   will   hold   an   exemption   from   the   Federal   Aviation  

                  Regulations  pursuant  to  Section  333  of  the  Reform  Act.  
         (b) Operators  will  be  18  years  of  age  or  older  
         (c) Operators   will   make   available   to   the   FAA,   upon   request,   the   UAV   for  

                  inspection  or  testing.    
         (d) Operators   will   maintain   a   log   of   flights   as   practicable   for   future  

                  currency  or  flight  logging  requirements  
         (e) Operators  will  report  an  accident  to  the  FAA  within  10  business  days  

                  of   any   operation   that   results   in   damage   to   property,   other   than   the  
                  UAV,  estimated  to  exceed  $20,000  (including  materials  and  labor).  
         (f) OffTheGround   will   abide   by   any   regulations   passed   that   require  
                  additional  permits,  variances,  licenses,  insurance,  bonding  &/or  other  
                  requirements   of   that   nature.      As   local   municipality   laws   will   vary  
                  within   greater   Maricopa   County,   OffTheGround   will   follow   letter   of  
                  the  law  of  the  respective  areas  per  the  location  of  each  flight.  
  
         D. UAV  Registration,  Markings  and  Requirements  
         All   OffTheGround   UAVs   will   be   registered   and   marked   according   to   the  
         following  conditions  and  requirements:  
         (a) All   UAVs   to   be   operated   by   OffTheGround   will   be   maintained   in  
                  condition  for  safe  operation  
         (b) All  UAVs  will  be  inspected  prior  to  flight  by  the  PIC  to  ensure  that  it  is  
                  in   a   condition   for   safe   operation.      Any   damages   will   be   document   in  
                  Appendix  B  titled  Pre-Flight  Checklist  
         (c) All  UAVs  to  be  operated  by  OffTheGround  for  commercial  operations  
                  will  be  registered  with  the  FAA  
         (d) All  UAVs  to  be  operated  by  OffTheGround  for  commercial  operations  
                  will   be   marked   with   an   aircraft   registration   number   according   to   14  
                  C.F.R  Part  45.  
  

V.   Public  Benefit  and  Public  Interest  

         The   process   currently   used   to   photograph   and   document   developed   and  
         undeveloped   property   in   urban   and   desert   areas   in   Maricopa   County   is  
         performed  via  helicopter,  by  foot  and  by  3rd  party  software  providers  such  as  
         Google  Earth  and  Maricopa.gov's  Plat  Maps  application.    The  use  of  a  UAV  in  
         place   of   current   practices   for   such   applications   will   further   the   public  
         interest  in  several  areas  including,  but  not  limited  to  the  following:  

         · The   UAV   carries   no   passengers,   pilot   or   crew,   thereby   increasing   pilot,  
             passenger  and  worker  safety  

         · The   UAV   carries   no   flammable   fuel   thereby   increasing   safety   to   the  
             general  public  

         · The   UAV   has   a   lower   noise   signature   than   a   typical   helicopter   thereby  
             improving  public  welfare  

         · The  UAV  has  zero  emissions  thereby  reducing  the  environmental  impact  
             over  traditional  manned  aircraft  
         · The  UAV  is  less  expensive  to  operate  than  a  traditional  manned  aircraft,  
             thereby   decreasing   the   cost,   while   increasing   the   frequency   of   site  
             documentation  and  inspection  

         · The   UAV   can   often   eliminate   the   need   for   a   worker   to   `walk   an   active  
             construction   site'   to   inspect,   photograph   and   collect   data   on   hard   to   get  
             areas.    This  is  turn  significantly  reduces  the  risk  to  workers  of  falls  while  
             inspecting,   surveying,   or   monitoring   site   progress.      Falls   are   a   leading  
             source  of  workplace  fatalities  and  injuries  on  construction  sites.  

         · The  UAV  replace  the  need  for  people  to  traverse  un-built  desert  property,  
             minimizing  the  risk  of  hazardous  accidents  by  native  wildlife  (cacti,  
             snakes,  spiders,  coyotes).  

         · The  UAV  has  numerous  safety  features  such  as  Failsafe  mode,  automatic  
             landing,  GPS  based  altitude  locks,  Flight-Limits  function  (ex  ­  air  traffic  
             control  height  restrictions)  and  low  battery  warnings.    

      
  

VI.   Discussion  of  Requested  FAR  Exemptions  

A. 14.C.F.R.  Part  21,  Subpart  H  ­  Airworthiness  Certificates  
Section  91.203(a)(1)  requires  civil  aircraft  to  have  "an  appropriate  and  current  
airworthiness  certificate."  Part  21,  Subpart  H  ("Airworthiness  Certificates")  
establishes  the  procedural  requirements  and  applicability  for  the  issuance  of  air  
worthiness  certificates  as  directed  by  14  C.F.R.  §  91.203(a)(1).      
  
Equivalent  level  of  safety:  The  UAVs  operated  will  have  a  gross  weight  less  than  10  
lbs.  and  will  be  flown  at  speeds  less  than  25  mph  (the  approximate  weight  the  UAV  
in  use  by  OffTheGround  is  approximately  2.9  pounds).  UAVs  do  not  carry  a  pilot  or  
passengers,  do  not  carry  flammable  fuels  and  will  be  operated  in  well-defined  
locations  using  an  operator  (PIC)  and  a  visual  observer  (VO).  All  operations  will  be  
conducted  in  compliance  with  the  limitations  and  conditions  stated  in  this  petition  
for  exemption.  The  Federal  Aviation  Act  and  Section  333  of  the  Reform  Act  both  
authorizes  the  FAA  to  exempt  aircraft  from  the  requirement  of  an  airworthiness  
certificate  upon  consideration  of  the  UAV's  size,  weight,  speed,  operational  
capability  and  proximity  to  airports  and  populated  areas.    
  
The  characteristics  and  conditions  under  which  the  UAVs  will  be  operated,  as  
outlined  in  this  petition,  given  the  size,  weight,  speed,  operation  capability  and  
proximity  to  airports  and  populated  areas,  achieve  or  exceed  the  equivalent  level  of  
safety  over  a  manned  aircraft  with  an  airworthiness  certificate  used  for  the  
purposes  outlined  in  this  petition.      
  
B.  14C.F.R§45.23(b)­Display  of  Marks    

Regulation  14  C.F.R.  §  45.32  (b)  states:  "...the  operator  must  also  display  on  that  
aircraft  near  each  entrance  to  the  cabin,  cockpit,  or  pilot  station,  in  letters  not  less  
than  2  inches  nor  more  than  6  inches  high,  the  words  `limited,'  `restricted,'  `light-
sport,'  `experimental,'  or  `provisional,'  as  applicable."    

Equivalent  level  of  safety:  The  UAV  in  use  does  not  have  a  "cabin,  cockpit  or  pilot  
station  entrance"  therefore  the  required  marks  cannot  be  displayed  "near  each  
entrance."  Additionally,  letters  not  less  than  2  inches  nor  more  than  6  inches  may  
not  be  practical  given  the  small  size  of  the  UAV.  If  the  UAV  is  too  small  to  display  
markings  in  the  size  described  in  regulation  §  45.23  (b),  then  markings  will  be  
displayed  in  the  largest  manner  possible.    

C.  14C.F.R.§45.27(a)­Location  of  Marks  Non  Fixed-Wing  Aircraft  

Regulation  14  C.F.R.  45.27  (a)  states:  "Each  operator  of  a  rotorcraft  must  display  on  
that  rotorcraft  horizontally  on  both  surfaces  of  the  cabin,  fuselage,  boom,  or  tail  the  
marks  required  by  §45.23."    

Equivalent  level  of  safety:  A  UAV  does  not  carry  a  pilot  or  passengers,  does  not  have  a  
cabin  and  may  have  a  design  that  is  significantly  different  than  traditional  manned  
aircraft.  As  such,  the  markings  requirements  of  14  C.F.R.  §  45.25  may  not  be  feasible  
given  the  design  and  layout  of  the  aircraft.  To  provide  an  equivalent  level  of  safety,  
the  UAV  will  display  required  markings  on  conspicuous  locations  of  the  aircraft.    

D.  14  C.F.R  §  61.113  (a)  &  (b)  -  Private  Pilot  Privileges  and  Limitations;  Pilot  in  
Command    

Regulation  14  C.F.R.  §  61.113  limits  pilots  to  non-commercial  operations.    

Equivalent  level  of  safety:    OffTheGround  will  be  operated  as  part  of  a  commercial  
operation,  but  neither  passengers  nor  cargo  will  be  involved.    The  area  of  operation  
is  controlled  and  restricted,  and  all  flights  are  planned  and  coordinated  in  advance  
as  set  forth  in  this  document.  The  risks  associated  with  the  operation  of  the  UAV  are  
so  diminished  from  the  level  of  risk  associated  with  commercial  operations,  that  
allowing  operations  of  the  UAS  as  requested  with  a  pilot  who  has  met  the  minimum  
requirements  of  this  document  exceeds  the  present  level  of  safety  achieved  by  14  
C.F.R.  §61.113  (a)  &  (b).      

E.  14  C.F.R.  §  91.7  (a)  ­  Civil  Aircraft  Airworthiness    

The  regulations  states:  "No  person  may  operate  a  civil  aircraft  unless  it  is  in  
airworthy  condition."    

Equivalent  level  of  safety:    As  there  will  be  no  airworthiness  certificate  issued  for  the  
aircraft,  should  this  exemption  be  granted,  no  FAA  regulatory  standard  will  exist  for  
determining  airworthiness.  Given  the  size  of  the  aircraft  and  the  requirements  
contained  in  the  DJI  Manual  for  maintenance  and  use  of  safety  checklists  prior  to  
each  flight,  as  set  forth  in  this  document,  an  equivalent  level  of  safety  will  be  
provided.  

F.  14C.F.R.§91.9(b)(2)&(c)­Civil  Aircraft  Flight  Manual  

Regulation  14  C.F.R.  §  91.9  (b)(2)  states:  "No  person  may  operate  a  U.S.-registered  
civil  aircraft  ...  For  which  an  Airplane  or  Rotorcraft  Flight  Manual  is  not  required  by  
§21.5  of  this  chapter,  unless  there  is  available  in  the  aircraft  a  current  approved  
Airplane  or  Rotorcraft  Flight  Manual,  approved  manual  material,  markings,  and  
placards,  or  any  combination  thereof."    

Equivalent  level  of  safety:    The  equivalent  level  of  safety  will  be  enabled  by  
maintaining  proper  documentation  of  the  flight  manual  at  the  ground  control  point  
where  the  pilot  flying  the  UAV  will  have  immediate  access  to  it.    This  includes  the  
UAV  operation  manual  as  provided  by  the  manufacturer  or  equivalent  documents  as  
created  by  OffTheGround.    

G.  14C.F.R.§91.103­Preflight  Action  

14  C.F.R.  §  91.103  requires  the  PIC  to  become  familiar  with  specific  information  
before  each  flight,  including  information  contained  in  the  FAA-approved  Flight  
Manual  on  board  the  aircraft.    

Equivalent  level  of  safety:    An  exemption  is  needed  from  this  requirement  as  the  pilot  
will  take  separate  preflight  actions,  including  checking  for  weather  conditions,  
checking  flight  battery  requirements,  checking  takeoff  and  landing  distances,  and  all  
other  actions  in  the  Preflight  Checklist  in  this  document  and  the  DJI  Manual.  These  
actions  will  provide  an  equivalent  level  of  safety.  The  manual  will  be  kept  at  the  
ground  station  during  operations.    

H.  14  C.F.R.  §  91.109  (a)  ­  Flight  instruction  

14  C.F.R.  §  91.109  (a)  states  that,  "No  person  may  operate  a  civil  aircraft  (except  a  
manned  free  balloon)  that  is  being  used  for  flight  instruction  unless  that  aircraft  has  
fully  functioning  dual  controls."  By  design,  UAVs  do  not  have  functioning  dual  
controls.  They  are  piloted  using  a  Flight  Control  System  /  Ground  Control  Station  
that  communicates  with  the  aircraft  via  signals.    

Equivalent  level  of  safety:  During  flight  instruction,  there  are  no  pilots  or  passengers  
on  the  aircraft  and  the  Ground  Control  Station  will  be  a  safe  distance  from  the  
aircraft.  The  aircraft  will  remain  a  safe  distance  from  non-participating  individuals  
causing  no  safety  hazard  (approximately  100  feet.    See  Section  IV,  Part  B,  item  (v).    

Given  the  size  and  speed  of  the  UAV,  an  equivalent  level  of  safe  training  can  be  
performed  without  dual  controls  because  no  pilot  or  passengers  are  aboard  the  
aircraft  and  it  is  a  safe  distance  from  the  public  and  structures.    

I.  14C.F.R.§91.119­Minimum  Safe  Altitudes    

14  C.F.R.  §  91.119  states  that  an  aircraft  may  not  be  operated  closer  than  500  feet  to  
any  person,  vessel,  vehicle  or  structure.  The  nature  of  the  operations  described  
herein  may  require  operation  in  relatively  close  proximity  to  items  such  as  washes,  
building  roofs,  trees,  etc.  However,  operations  will  not  be  conducted  over  non-
participating  individuals.    

Equivalent  level  of  safety:  The  UAVs  operated  by  OffTheGround  are  far  smaller  than  
manned  aircraft,  such  as  rotorcraft  and  fixed  winged  aircraft,  which  are  used  for  
similar  operations.  Furthermore,  the  UAVs  do  not  carry  a  pilot  or  passengers,  weigh  
less  than  10  lbs.,  do  not  carry  flammable  fuel,  will  not  exceed  25  mph  and  will  not  be  
operated  over  non-participating  persons.  The  UAVs  will  be  operated  below  400  feet  
above  ground  level  with  the  use  of  an  operator  and  a  visual  observer  to  avoid  
collision  risk  to  aircraft,  persons  and  property.  This  provides  an  equivalent  or  
greater  level  of  safety  than  achieved  with  conventional  aircraft  currently  performing  
similar  operations.    

J.  14  C.F.R.  §  91.121  ­  Altimeter  Settings    

14  C.F.R.  §  91.121  requires  an  aircraft  to  be  operated  by  reference  to  an  altimeter  
that  is  set  to  the  elevation  of  the  departure  airport  or  barometric  pressure  when  
operating  below  18,000  feel  MSL.  Although  some  UAVs  contain  a  barometric  
pressure  sensor,  the  UAVs  used  by  OffTheGround  utilize  GPS  sensors  to  determine  
altitude.    

Equivalent  level  of  safety:  The  operator  will  confirm  the  elevation  of  the  take-
off/landing  site  prior  to  launch.  This  will  be  compared  to  the  GPS  sensor  as  
displayed  on  the  UAV  telemetry  reading  at  the  Ground  Control  Station.  The  operator  
will  then  determine  the  maximum  permissible  altitude  to  maintain  a  flight  below  
400  feet  Above  Ground  Level  (ABV).  The  maximum  permissible  altitude  will  also  be  
monitored  and  estimated  by  visual  means  through  the  use  of  the  VO.  

K.  14C.F.R.§91.151(a)(1)  -  Fuel  requirements  for  flight  in  VFR  (Visual  Flight  
Rule)  conditions  

Section  91.151  (a)  outlines  fuel  requirements  for  beginning  a  flight  in  VFR  
conditions.  It  states  that  "No  person  may  begin  a  flight  in  an  airplane  under  VFR  
conditions  unless  (considering  wind  and  forecast  weather  conditions)  there  is  
enough  fuel  to  fly  to  the  first  point  of  intended  landing  and,  assuming  normal  
cruising  speed  ­  (1)  During  the  day,  to  fly  after  that  for  at  least  30  minutes..."    

Equivalent  level  of  safety:    The  UAV  will  be  operated  only  during  daylight  hours  in  
VFR  conditions.  The  technical  limitations  of  most  UAVs  limit  total  flight  time  to  
approximately  30  minutes  before  the  battery  is  depleted.  This  means  that  no  
meaningful  flight  time  would  be  possible  given  the  limitations  of  §  91.151  (a)  (1).    
Therefore,  the  UAV  flight  will  be  terminated  with  at  least  20%  reserve  power  (or  a  
max  flight  time  of  25  minutes).  This  allows  the  UAV  to  return  to  its  landing  zone  
with  adequate  power  remaining  to  conduct  a  safe  and  controlled  landing.  Given  the  
UAV`s  size,  weight  and  speed,  the  UAV  when  operated  with  this  limitation  provides  
an  equivalent  or  greater  level  of  safety  than  manned  aircraft  represented  by  this  
regulation.    

L.  14C.F.R.§91.203(a)&(b)­Carrying  Civil  Aircraft  Certification  and  
Registration  

The  regulation  states:  (a)  "...no  person  may  operate  a  civil  aircraft  unless  it  has  ...  an  
appropriate  and  current  airworthiness  certificate."  (b)  "No  person  may  operate  a  
civil  aircraft  unless  the  airworthiness  certificate  required  by  paragraph  (a)  of  this  
section  or  a  special  flight  authorization  issued  under  §91.715  is  displayed  at  the  
cabin  or  cockpit  entrance  so  that  it  is  legible  to  passengers  or  crew."    
Equivalent  level  of  safety:  In  regard  to  14  C.F.R.  §  91.203  Part  (a),  an  equivalent  level  
of  safety  is  achieved  through  the  methods  and  characteristics  as  outlined  in  the  
request  for  exemption  from  14  C.F.R.  Part  21,  Subpart  H.    

In  regard  to  14  C.F.R.  §  91.203  Part  (b),  the  UAV  does  not  carry  a  pilot  or  passengers,  
does  not  have  a  "cabin  or  cockpit  entrance"  and  does  not  have  onboard  storage  in  
which  to  carry  certification  and  registration  documents.  An  equivalent  level  of  
safety  will  be  achieved  by  maintaining  the  proper  documentation  at  the  Ground  
Control  Station  readily  available  to  the  operator.    

M.  14  C.F.R.  §§  91.405  (a),  91.407  (a)(l),  91.409  (a)(2),  91.417  (a)  &  (b)  ­  
Maintenance  Inspections  

The  regulations  14  C.F.R.  §§  91.405  (a),  91.407  (a)(1),  91.409  (a)(2)  and  91.417  (a)  
&  (b)  specify  maintenance  and  inspection  standards  in  reference  to  14  C.F.R.  Part  
43.  Specifically,  14  C.F.R.  §  91.405  (a)  requires  that  each  owner  or  operator  of  an  
aircraft,  "shall  have  the  aircraft  inspected  as  prescribed  in  subpart  E  of  this  part  and  
shall  between  required  inspection  ...  have  discrepancies  repaired  as  prescribed  in  
part  43  of  this  chapter."    

An  exemption  is  required  from  these  regulations  because  Part  43  and  these  sections  
apply  only  to  aircraft  with  an  airworthiness  certificate,  which  the  UAV  will  not  have.    

Equivalent  level  of  safety:  The  UAVs  will  be  maintained  and  inspected  in  accordance  
with  the  manufacturer-supplied  manual.  This  includes  maintenance,  overhaul,  
replacement  and  inspection  requirements  for  the  UAVs.  The  operator,  prior  to  every  
flight  of  the  day  will  undertake  preflight  inspection  procedures  in  order  to  ensure  
the  UAV  is  in  a  condition  for  safe  operation.  Discrepancies  that  may  affect  the  safety  
of  flight  will  be  documented,  addressed  and  repaired.  The  operator  will  maintain  the  
UAVs  in  a  condition  for  safe  operation.  Given  the  size,  characteristics  and  operating  
limitations  of  UAVs  as  described  herein,  this  provides  a  level  of  safety  equivalent  to  
or  greater  than  manned  aircraft  performing  similar  operations.    

  
