September 17, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12900
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA-2015-2670

Mr. Omar Herrera
21 Kristi Lane
Woodbury, NY 11797

Dear Mr. Herrera:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated June 5, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) for an
exemption. The petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to
conduct aerial photography and videography.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a DJI Inspire 1.
                                                                                                                 2

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Omar Herrera is granted an exemption from 14 CFR
§§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121,
91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to the

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                                                 3

extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Omar Herrera is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Inspire 1 when
         weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any other
         aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
         must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
         documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
                                                                                                            4

    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.
                                                                                                            5

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.
                                                                                                            6

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

    The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
    nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
    reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
    contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.
                                                                                                                 7

 If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
 television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                                                 8

This exemption terminates on September 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,
/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
Omar Herrera
(Proposed dba: iDroneVision)
21 Kristi Lane
Woodbury, NY 11797

June 5, 2015

U.S. Department of Transportation, Docket Operations
West Building Ground Floor, Room w12-140
1200 New Jersey Avenue, SE.
Washington, DC 20590

Re: Exemption Request Section 333 of the FAA Reform Act of the Federal Aviation Regulations from
14 CFR Part 21 subpart H, 14 CFR 45.23 (b), 14 CFR 91.7 (a), 14 CFR 91.9 (b) (2), 14 CFR 91.103,
14 CFR 91.109, 14 CFR 91.119 (c), 14 CFR 91.121, 14 CFR 91.203 (a) and (b), 14 CFR 91.405 (a),
14 CFR 91.407 (a) (1), 14 CFR 91.409 (a) (2), 14 CFR 91.417 (a) and (b)

Dear Sir or Madam,

I, Omar Herrera (proposed dba: " iDroneVision "), write this letter pursuant to the FAA

Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 and the procedures contained within 14 C.F.R.11,
and request that I, Omar Herrera, a Licensed Real Estate Broker for over 12 years and
owner/operator of a small unmanned aircraft system ("UAS"), be exempt from the Federal
Aviation Regulations ("FARs") listed below and be granted exemption to operate an
unmanned aircraft system ("UAS") commercially in airspace regulated by the Federal
Aviation Administration ("FAA").

The Exemption Request would be for a DJI Inspire 1, Model T 600 UAS that I own, with
intent to commercially offer for compensation low cost aerial photography and
videography to other real estate brokers / agents within the NAS. In the public interest
this will enhance their listings offered for sale in today's competitive market without the
high cost of using manned aircraft for aerial photography and videography. The use of
UAS's in the real estate industry provides both buyers and sellers a higher level of service
for marketing and advertising appealing to more buyers, resulting in fewer days on the
market sales. Home sales also increase the economy as a whole. I will be able to provide
a high level of service without the use of high cost fuel, emissions, and loud manned
aircraft noise and in less time. Considering size, weight, speed, and the DJI Inspire 1
UAS will poses much less of a safety concern for the general public when compared to
larger costly manned aircraft.

                                                               Omar Herrera (Proposed Dba: iDroneVision) SECTION 333 EXEMPTION PETITION

                                                                                                                     Page 1 of 4 
 
I, Omar Herrera, am experienced in building and flying remote controlled hobby
helicopters for recreational purposes for over 22 years without any accidents. I currently
have over 55 hours of remote control flying including additional DJI Pilot training for the
DJI Inspire 1 UAS. I'm also an insured member of the AMA (Academy of Model
Aeronautics). Safety is my number one priority, therefore pre-flight inspections and post
flight inspections are always performed as recommended by the manufacturer owner's
manual and documented in a flight log.

The DJI Inspire 1 UAS has a maximum gross weight of 6 pounds 7.5 ounces, a length
of 17.3 inches, width of 17.7 inches, height of 11.8 inches, and a maximum speed of
approximately 42 knots. All photography and video of real estate will be taken at levels of
approx. 200ft above ground level (AGL), at a speed less than 17 knots, and with a
maximum flight time of 13.5 minutes allowing additional remaining return to home position
flight time. The DJI Inspire 1 UAS meets the definition of "small unmanned aircraft" found
in section 331 "The Reform Act". The DJI Inspire 1 UAS is battery powered there are no
combustible fuels are onboard. Maximum flight time for the DJI Inspire 1 UAS is approx.,
18 minutes with a TB47, 4500mAh, 22.2 V LiPo 6S battery and approx., 22 minutes TB48,
57mAh, 22.8 V LiPo 6S battery. For safe a return, all flights are terminated with 25%
battery life remaining. Given the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area
associated with the aircraft to be utilized I find this exception to be reasonable with an
equivalent, level of safety to be reached by the Pilot in Command (PIC).

I, Omar Herrera therefore, as Petitioner, pursuant to the provisions of the Federal Aviation
Regulations (14 C.F.R. § 11.61) and the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012
(FMRA), Section 333, Special Rules for Certain Unmanned Aircraft Systems, hereby
petitions the Administrator to commercially operate the DJI Inspire 1 UAS in the National
Airspace System (NAS), and for an exemption from the requirements of Regulations from
14 CFR Part 21 subpart H,14 CFR 45.23 (b),14 CFR 91.7 (a),14 CFR 91.9 (b) (2),14 CFR
91.103, 14 CFR 91.109, 14 CFR 91.119 (c), 14 CFR 91.121,
14 CFR 91.203 (a) and (b), 14 CFR 91.405 (a), 14 CFR 91.407 (a) (1),
14 CFR 91.409 (a) (2), 14 CFR 91.417 (a) and (b).

14 CFR Part 21 subpart H

In consideration of the speed, weight, size, and limited operating area associated
with the UAS and its operation, the DJI Inspire 1 UAS meets the conditions of FMRA
Section 333 and therefore, I request exemption of an airworthiness certificate in
accordance with 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H.

14 CFR 45.23 (b)

The DJI Inspire 1 UAS does not have a cockpit, cabin, or pilot station on which to market
certain words or phrases due its dimensions. However, in compliance with FAA
regulations, the UAS's fuselage will be marked with lettering and/or "N" numbers as large
as possible to identify the aircraft as required by the FAA ruling to preserve the equivalent
level of safety and compliance.

                                                               Omar Herrera (Proposed Dba: iDroneVision) SECTION 333 EXEMPTION PETITION

                                                                                                                     Page 2 of 4 
 
14 CFR 91.7 (a)

The DJI Inspire 1 UAS do not require an airworthiness certificate in accordance with
14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H. Accordingly, I, Omar Herrera will submit and ensure that
the DJI Inspire 1 UAS is always in airworthy condition, prior to every flight, by determining
that the UAS is compliance with the operating documents for the DJI Inspire 1 UAS, and
pre-flight and maintenance logs for the aircraft's safe flight conditions.

14 CFR 91.9 (b) (2)

Due to the dimension and configuration the DJI Inspire 1 UAS, the UAS does not have
the means of to carry a flight manual on board. I, Omar Herrera, consequently request
exempt from 14 CFR 91.9 (b) (2) because the flight manuals, are maintained within my
reach at all times on the ground, both in print format and electronic "pdf " format with
immediate access should it be necessary.

14 CFR 91.103

The DJI Inspire 1 UAS does not have an FAA approved flight manual. However, I request
exemption 14 CFR 91.103 because procedures for weather check, GPS satellites, flight
battery levels, landing and take-off measurements, compass calibrations and other flight
telemetry are found in the DJI Pilot App and provide an equivalent level of pre-flight
protocols.

14 CFR 91.109

The DJI Inspire 1 UAS does not have fully functional dual controls since it is remotely
piloted via radio communications from the aircraft to a hand held transmitter. Since the
DJI Inspire 1 UAS does not carry a pilot or passengers the comparable level of safety
and control is retained by the Pilot in Command (PIC).

14 CFR 91.119 (c)

In compliance with 14CFR 91.119, I, Omar Herrera as Pilot in Command (PIC), fly only
within visual line-of-sight (VLOS) or the VLOS of a visual observer (VO) when required.
The UAS remains at least 500 feet from other people in order to not pose an unwarranted
hazard to persons and property. All flights are conducted during daylight-only hours
(sunrise to sunset). Flights are never conducted from a moving vehicle. No flights are
ever conducted within 5 miles of an airport. No flights are ever over 400 feet above ground
level (AGL). No flights are ever less than 3 miles visibility from the home point.

14 CFR 91.121

The DJI Inspire 1 UAS does not have a typical barometric altimeter onboard. However,
altitude information is provided via Global Positioning System (GPS) equipment and radio
communications telemetry data link, which is downlinked from the DJI Inspire 1 UAS to
the PIC's remote control screen actively monitoring the flight path. This altitude
information, combined with other flight telemetry and flying the DJI Inspire 1 UAS only
within visual line of sight, and below 400 feet AGL, will ensure an equivalent level of
safety. In addition should communications be lost at any point, the DJI Inspire 1 UAS will
automatically return to the home position (failsafe mode) via GPS, and will descend to the
takeoff position and shutdown.

                                                               Omar Herrera (Proposed Dba: iDroneVision) SECTION 333 EXEMPTION PETITION

                                                                                                                     Page 3 of 4 
 
14 CFR 91.203 (a) and (b)

Given the similarities of, 14 CFR 91.9 (b) (2) Due to the dimension and configuration the
DJI Inspire 1 UAS, the UAS does not have the means of to carry a flight manual on board.
An equivalent level of safety is maintained within my reach at all times on the ground by
having the flight manuals in print format and electronic "pdf" format with immediate access
should it be necessary.

14 CFR 91.405 (a), 14 CFR 91.407 (a) (1), 14 CFR 91.409 (a) (2), 14 CFR 91.417 (a) and (b)

Furthermore, I, Omar Herrera request relief from Sections 91.405(a),91.407(a)(1),
91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b), as these sections set forth requirements for
maintenance that only apply to aircraft with an airworthiness certificate.
I, Omar Herrera, submit that the requested relief is appropriate since an equivalent level
of safety will be ensured by performing preventive maintenance on the DJI Inspire 1 UAS
using the methods, techniques, and practices prescribed in the operating documents for
the DJI Inspire 1. Furthermore, I document and maintain all flights and maintenance
records for the DJI Inspire 1 UAS and will made available for inspection by the FAA at
any time upon request.
In consideration of the FAA grating me the above Section 333 Exemption Petition, I thank
the FAA in advance for the efforts to stablish proper regulations and protocols for the use
of UAS's within the national airspace. I further standby to support and cooperate with the
FAA with any request regarding the public safety.
Thank you.
Sincerely,

Omar Herrera

Attachments: DJI Maintenance Manual, DJI Safety Guidelines, Flight/Maintenance Log Sheet

                                                               Omar Herrera (Proposed Dba: iDroneVision) SECTION 333 EXEMPTION PETITION

                                                                                                                     Page 4 of 4 
 
