May 26, 2015

                                                          Exemption No. 11692
                                                          Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­0220

Ms. Marjorie K. Conner
Counsel for OpenSky Drones, LLC
Attorney
700 West View Terrace
Alexandria, VA 22302

Dear Ms. Conner:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

The Basis for Our Decision

By letters dated January 21 and May 4, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation
Administration (FAA) on behalf of OpenSky Drones, LLC (hereinafter petitioner or operator)
for an exemption. The exemption would allow the petitioner to operate an unmanned aircraft
system (UAS) to conduct aerial view, video recording, signal analysis, laser measurement and
concentration measurements..

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.
                                                                                                2

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner are the DJI S1000 Spreading Wings, DJI Inspire, DJI 450
Flame Wheel, and DJI 550 Flame Wheel..

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection. The FAA has issued grants of

exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or

crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in

addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled

by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

· They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

· The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

· A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, OpenSky Drones, LLC is granted an exemption from
14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c),
91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to
                                                                                                                 3

the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, OpenSky Drones, LLC is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI S1000
         Spreading Wings, DJI Inspire, DJI 450 Flame Wheel, and DJI 550 Flame Wheel when
         weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any other
         aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
         must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
                                                                                                            4

    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update or
    revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then the
    operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's UAS
    Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding updates or
    revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g. replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g. inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Colombia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
                                                                                                            5

    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
                                                                                       6

exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial

    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating. These
    documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
                                                                                               7

reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
    as documented in this grant of exemption.

30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
    exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
    District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
    notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
    must include at least the following:
      a. Dates and times for all flights;
      b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
          under this grant of exemption;
      c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
          the UAS;
      d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
      e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
      f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
          and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
          who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
      g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
      h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
          town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
          essential to accomplish the operation.

31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
    consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
    exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                   8

This exemption terminates on May 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.
Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service
                                      
  
January  21,  2015  
  
U.  S.  Department  of  Transportation    
Docket  Management  System    
1200  New  Jersey  Ave.,  SE    
Washington,  DC  20590    
  
Re:  Exemption  Request  Section  333  of  the  FAA  Reform  Act  and  Part  11  of  the  Federal  Aviation  
Regulations  from  14  C.F.R.  45.23(b);14  CFR  Part  21;14  CFR  61.113  (a)  &  (b);  91.7  (a);91.9  (b)  
(2);91.103(b);  91.109;91.119;  91.121;  91.151(a);91.203(a)  &  (b);91.405  (a);  91.407(a)  (1);  91.409  
(a)  (2);91.417  (a)  &  (b).    
  
To  whom  it  may  concern,    
  
In  pursuant  with  Section  333  of  the  FAA  Modernization  and  Reform  Act  of  2012  and  14  C.F.R.  Part  11,  
OpenSky  Drones  LLC  (OpenSky),  an  operator  of  a  small  Unmanned  Aircraft  System  (sUAS)  for  
Environemental/Civil/Structural  engineering  industry,  seeks  an  exemption  from  the  Federal  
Aviation  Regulations  (FARs)  to  allow  commercial  operations  of  its  sUAS.    
  
OpenSky's  requested  exemption  would  permit  the  operation  of  a  sUAS  under  controlled  conditions  in  
project  airspace  that  is:  (i)  limited,  (ii)  predetermined,  (iii)  subject  to  controlled  access  through  our  
customers,  and  (iv)  provides  greater  safety  in  connection  with  aircraft  operations.  OpenSky  believes  
that  an  exemption  in  the  engineering  industry  would  enhance  safety  and  fulfill  the  Secretary  of  
Transportation's  (the  FAA  Administrator's)  responsibilities  to  establish  safe  operations  of  sUAS.    
  
A  current  WorkZoneSafety.org  published  document  analyzes  work  zone  fatalities  by  discipline  and  
roles  from  2003  to  2013.      According  to  this  report,  10-year  itemization  records  fatalities  for  Civil  
Engineers,  Construction  Supervisors  and  Construction  inspectors  at  over  240  deaths.      This  is  
remarkable  because  these  numbers  consist  of  only  first-line  supervisory/overseeing  roles  with  
limited  time  on  site.  
  
Currently,  there  are  many  applications  in  the  Environmental/Civil/Structural  engineering  field  that  
requires  access  through  inefficient,  tedious  and  dangerous  methods.    These  tasks  require  an  engineer  
to  traverse,  climb,  or  get  in  dangerous  proximity  of  a  subject  to  determine  the  correct  action  to  take.      
Site  visits  and  explorations  for  areas  such  as  deteriorating  bridge  structures,  eroded  and  unstable  
river  channel  banks  or  sinkholes  and  heavily  trafficked  road  construction  zones  present  an  extremely  
hazardous  environment  for  engineering  data  collection.    Even  surface  parking  studies  require  an  long  
schedule  of  engineers  on  foot  walking  through  active  parking  lots  and  streetscapes  to  manually  
record  parking  behaviors.    In  addition,  areas  of  environmental  contamination  pose  enormous  
respiratory  risk  for  engineering  inspections  and  site  survey.      OpenSky  intends  to  utilize  sUAS  to  
greatly  reduce  the  dangers  of  human  exposure  in  these  sites.      
  
OpenSky  is  an  engineering  company  in  both  Civil/Structural  as  well  as  RF  disciplines  specializing  in  
remote  sensing  services  across  the  continental  United  States.    OpenSky's  Engineers  have  been  
involved  in  engineering  designs  and  inpections    industry  over  the  last  40  years.    OpenSky's  sUAS  
flights  will  be  flown  to  achieve  an  aerial  view,  video  recording,  signal  analysis,  laser  measurement  
and  concentration  measurements.          
  
Data  captured  from  the  flights  will  provide  valuable  date  to  assist  in  engineering  proposals,  design  
and  necessary  actions.    
The  sUAS  missions  will  be  planned  and  executed  with  the  highest  level  of  safety  in  mind.    The  
primary  objective  is  safely  collect  data  within  a  relatively  small  flight  window  (typically  15  mins)  and  
return  to  landing.    Even  in  areas  of  heavy  traffic,  flights  will  be  conducted  as  to  minimize  direct  

overhead  exposure  to  people  and  moving  traffic,  eg.  Over  road  centerline,  grass  swales,  etc.        For  
every  flight  that  OpenSky  performs,  inspection  task  performed  will  be  preplanned  and  coordinated  
with  the  crew  to  ensure  full  safety  and  success.      Flight  elevations  will  typically  be  below  200ft  MSL  
and  in  rare  cases,  be  between  200  ­  400ft  MSL.    
  
Information  Supporting  this  Petition  as  Specified  in  14  C.F.R.  §11.81    

                                                                             

                                                                                                                            
(a)  Your  name  and  mailing  address  and,  if  you  wish,  other  contact  information  such  as  a  fax  number,  
telephone  number,  or  e-mail  address;    

  
OpenSky  Drones,  LLC.    
Dan  Q  Pham,  P.E.    
12453  NW  44th  St  
Coral  Springs,  FL  33095  
(954)  918-3888    

Email:  dan@OpenSkydrones.com    

                                    
(b)  The  specific  section  or  sections  of  14  C.F.R.  from  which  OpenSky  seeks  an  exemption    

            ·    21  ­  Subpart  H  Certification  procedures  for  products  and  parts,  Airworthiness  

          Certificates      

            ·    45.23  ­  Display  of  marks;  general      

            ·    61.113  -  Private  pilot  privileges  and  limitations:  Pilot  in  command      
            ·    91.103  ­  Preflight  Actions      
            ·    91.105  ­  Flight  crewmembers  at  stations      
            ·    91.109  ­  Flight  instruction;  Simulated  instrument  flight  and  certain  flight  tests      
            ·    91.119  ­  Minimum  safe  altitudes:  General      
            ·    91.121­  Altimeter  settings      

            ·    91.151­  Fuel  requirements  for  flights  in  Visual  Flight  Rules  (VFR)  conditions      

            ·    91.203  ­  Civil  aircraft:  certification  required      
            ·    91.405  ­  Maintenance  required      

            ·    91.407  ­  Operation  after  maintenance,  preventative  maintenance,  rebuilding,  and  

            alteration      

            ·    91.409  ­  Inspections      

            ·    91.417  ­  Maintenance  records      

       

We  believe  an  exemption  from  the  above  regulations  will  allow  OpenSky  to  conduct  the  needed  work  
as  described  above.      

       

(c)  The  extent  of  relief  OpenSky  seeks,  and  the  reason  OpenSky  seeks  the  relief    

OpenSky  seeks  an  exemption  for  several  provisions  of  14  C.F.R.  Parts  21,  45,  61,  and  91  to  the  extent  

to  operate  small  UASs  around  for  engineering  data  collection.    

  

14  C.F.R.    21  ­  Subpart  H  Certification  procedures  for  products  and  parts,  Airworthiness  
Certificates  
OpenSky  seeks  exemption  from  14  C.F.R.  21,  Subpart  H  which  states  the  certification  procedures  for  
products  and  parts  as  well  as  airworthiness  certificates.  Due  to  the  limited  airspace  that  OpenSky  will  
be  using  at  project  locations  across  the  country,  we  are  seeking  exemption  to  the  airworthiness  
certification  process.  OpenSky  has  developed  our  own  training  procedures  and  regulations  to  

promote  and  provide  safe  flying  experiences  for  our  PIC(s)  which  can  be  viewed  in  section  (e)  of  this  
petition.    The  sUAS  to  be  operated  hereunder  is  less  than  55  lbs.  fully  loaded,  carries  neither  a  pilot  
nor  passenger,  carries  no  explosive  materials  or  flammable  liquid  fuels,  and  operates  exclusively  
within  a  secured  area  as  set  out  in  the  Manual.  Unlike  other  civil  aircraft,  operations  under  this  
exemption  will  be  tightly  controlled  and  monitored  by  both  the  operator,  pursuant  to  the  Manual's  
requirements,  and  under  the  requirements  and  in  compliance  with  local  public  safety  requirements,  
to  provide  security  for  the  area  of  operation.    
  
  
14  C.F.R.  §  45.23  (b).  Marking  of  the  Aircraft    
  OpenSky  seeks  exemption  from  14  C.F.R.  45.23,  which  discusses  the  display  of  marks.  Specifically,  
section  45.23  states,  "(a)  each  operator  of  an  aircraft  must  display  on  that  aircraft  marks  consisting  of  
the  Roman  capital  letter  "N"  (denoting  United  States  registration)  followed  by  the  registration  
number  of  the  aircraft.  Each  suffix  letter  used  in  the  marks  displayed  must  also  be  a  Roman  capital  
letter  (b)  when  marks  include  only  the  Roman  capital  letter  "N"  and  the  registration  number  is  
displayed  on  limited,  restricted  or  light-sport  category  aircraft  or  experimental  or  provisionally  
certificated  aircraft,  the  operator  must  also  display  on  that  aircraft  near  each  entrance  to  the  cabin,  
cockpit,  or  pilot  station,  in  letters  not  less  than  2  inches  nor  more  than  6  inches  high,  the  words  
"limited,"  "restricted,"  "light-  sport,"  "experimental,"  or  "provisional,"  as  applicable".    
  
OpenSky  will  need  exemption  from  this  regulation  due  to  the  small  size  of  the  aircraft  and  that  there  
is  no  cabin,  cockpit,  or  pilot  station  for  the  aircraft.  The  words  "Experimental"  can  be  placed  on  the  
fuselage  in  compliance  with  §45.29  (f)  where  the  pilot,  observer  and  others  working  with  the  sUAV  
will  see  the  identification  of  the  UAS  as  "Experimental."  The  FAA  has  issued  the  following  exemptions  
to  this  regulation  to  Exemptions  Nos.  10700,  8738,  10167  and  10167A.    
  
  
14  C.F.R.  §  61.113  (a)  &  (b):  Private  Pilot  Privileges  and  Limitations:  Pilot  in  Command.    
OpenSky  seeks  exemption  from  14  C.F.R.  61.113,  which  discusses  private  pilot  privileges  and  
limitations  for  the  Pilot  in  command  (PIC).    
  
OpenSky  is  seeking  exemption  from  this  regulation,  because  OpenSky  believes  that  there  is  
inconclusive  evidence  that  a  person  with  a  private  pilot  certificate  can  successfully  maneuver  a  sUAS  
without  first  hand  flight  experience  with  the  particular  sUAS.    In  fact,  having  a  private  pilot  license  
does  not  automatically  ensure  competence  at  flying  an  sUAS  in  3rd  person  view  as  required  to  
properly  operate  an  sUAS  within  the  required  line  of  sight.    However,  we  believe  that  the  PIC  and  our  
FOVO  (Field  Operation  Visual  Observer)  must  be  able  to  understand  and  correctly  interact  with  the  
general  aviation  community.    Therefore,  we  believe  our  own  flight  training  with  the  sUAS  will  be  
more  than  satisfactory.    Our  PIC  and  FOVO  will  be  both  certified  in  Ground  School  training  to  be  able  
to  properly  interact  with  General  Aviation  protocols.    They  will  also  actively  pursue  a  private  pilot's  
license  as  well  have  the  necessary  medical  qualifications.  
    
14  C.F.R.  91.103  ­  Preflight  Actions  
OpenSky  seeks  exemption  from  14  C.F.R.  91.103  which  states  that  each  pilot  in  command  shall,  
before  beginning  a  flight,  become  familiar  with  all  available  information  concerning  that  flight.  This  
information  must  include:  (a)  For  a  flight  under  IFR  or  a  flight  not  in  the  vicinity  of  an  airport,  
weather  reports  and  forecasts,  fuel  requirements,  alternatives  available  if  the  planned  flight  cannot  
be  completed,  and  any  known  traffic  delays  of  which  the  pilot  in  command  has  been  advised  by  ATC;  
actions,  including  reviewing  weather,  flight  battery  requirements,  landing  and  takeoff  distances,  and  
aircraft  performance  data  before  starting  a  flight.    
  
OpenSky's  will  be  operating  our  sUAS  in  VFR.      Our  operations  manual  already  includes  preflight  
procedures  directly  pertaining  to  our  sUAS  which  includes  equipment  checklist  as  well  a  preplanning  
details  regarding  weather  conditions,  review  of  any  possible  flight  path  of  general  aviation,  our  
mission  flight  path  and  weather  conditions  amongst  other  parameters  required  to  complete  the  
mission.    
  
14  C.F.R.  91.105  ­  Flight  crewmembers  at  stations  
OpenSky  seeks  exemption  from  14  C.F.R.  91.105,  which  discusses  flight  crewmembers  at  stations.  
Specifically,  91.105  states  "(a)  During  takeoff  and  landing,  and  while  en  route,  each  required  flight  
crewmember  shall  (1)  Be  at  the  crewmember  station  unless  the  absence  is  necessary  to  perform  
duties  in  connection  with  the  operation  of  the  aircraft  or  in  connection  with  physiological  needs;  and  
(2)  Keep  the  safety  belt  fastened  while  at  the  crewmember  station.  (b)  Each  required  flight  
crewmember  of  a  U.S.-registered  civil  aircraft  shall,  during  takeoff  and  landing,  keep  his  or  her  
shoulder  harness  fastened  while  at  his  or  her  assigned  duty  station.  This  paragraph  does  not  apply  if  
(1)  The  seat  at  the  crewmember's  station  is  not  equipped  with  a  shoulder  harness;  or  (2)  The  
crewmember  would  be  unable  to  perform  required  duties  with  the  shoulder  harness  fastened.    
OpenSky  will  need  exemption  from  this  regulation  due  to  the  fact  that  the  sUAS  will  not  have  a  flight  
crew  or  crew  stations  other  than  the  PIC  and  a  Spotter.  The  PIC  will  also  not  have  to  be  restrained  
into  a  seat  via  shoulder  harness  or  safety  belt  at  the  time  of  the  flight.    
  
14  C.F.R.  91.109  -  Flight  instruction;  Simulated  instrument  flight  and  certain  flight  tests  
OpenSky  seeks  exemption  from  14  C.F.R.  91.109,  which  discusses  flight  instruction,  simulated  
instrument  flight,  and  certain  flight  tests.  Specifically,  91.109  states  "(a)  No  person  may  operate  a  
civil  aircraft  (except  a  manned  free  balloon)  that  is  being  used  for  flight  instruction  unless  that  
aircraft  has  fully  functioning  dual  controls.  However,  instrument  flight  instruction  may  be  given  in  an  
airplane  that  is  equipped  with  a  single,  functioning  throw  over  control  wheel  that  controls  the  
elevator  and  ailerons,  in  place  of  fixed,  dual  controls,  when  (1)  The  instructor  has  determined  that  
the  flight  can  be  conducted  safely;  and  (2)  The  person  manipulating  the  controls  has  at  least  a  private  
pilot  certificate  with  appropriate  category  and  class  ratings.  (b)  An  airplane  equipped  with  a  single,  
functioning  throw  over  control  wheel  that  controls  the  elevator  and  ailerons,  in  place  of  fixed,  dual  
controls  may  be  used  for  flight  instruction  to  conduct  a  flight  review  required  by  §61.56  of  this  
chapter,  or  to  obtain  recent  flight  experience  or  an  instrument  proficiency  check  required  by  §61.57  
when  (1)  The  airplane  is  equipped  with  operable  rudder  pedals  at  both  pilot  stations;  (2)  The  pilot  
manipulating  the  controls  is  qualified  to  serve  and  serves  as  pilot  in  command  during  the  entire  
flight;  (3)  The  instructor  is  current  and  qualified  to  serve  as  pilot  in  command  of  the  airplane,  meets  
the  requirements  of  §61.195(b),  and  has  logged  at  least  25  hours  of  pilot-in-command  flight  time  in  
the  make  and  model  of  airplane;  and  (4)  The  pilot  in  command  and  the  instructor  have  determined  
the  flight  can  be  conducted  safely.  (c)  No  person  may  operate  a  civil  aircraft  in  simulated  instrument  
flight  unless  (1)  The  other  control  seat  is  occupied  by  a  safety  pilot  who  possesses  at  least  a  private  
pilot  certificate  with  category  and  class  ratings  appropriate  to  the  aircraft  being  flown.  (2)  The  safety  
pilot  has  adequate  vision  forward  and  to  each  side  of  the  aircraft,  or  a  competent  observer  in  the  
aircraft  adequately  supplements  the  vision  of  the  safety  pilot;  and  (3)  Except  in  the  case  of  lighter-
than-air  aircraft,  that  aircraft  is  equipped  with  fully  functioning  dual  controls.  However,  simulated  
instrument  flight  may  be  conducted  in  a  single-engine  airplane,  equipped  with  a  single,  functioning,  
throw  over  control  wheel,  in  place  of  fixed,  dual  controls  of  the  elevator  and  ailerons,  when  (i)  The  
safety  pilot  has  determined  that  the  flight  can  be  conducted  safely;  and  (ii)  The  person  manipulating  
the  controls  has  at  least  a  private  pilot  certificate  with  appropriate  category  and  class  ratings.  (d)  No  
person  may  operate  a  civil  aircraft  that  is  being  used  for  a  flight  test  for  an  airline  transport  pilot  
certificate  or  a  class  or  type  rating  on  that  certificate,  or  for  a  part  121  proficiency  flight  test,  unless  
the  pilot  seated  at  the  controls,  other  than  the  pilot  being  checked,  is  fully  qualified  to  act  as  pilot  in  
command  of  the  aircraft".  Again,  Except  when  necessary  for  takeoff  or  landing,  no  person  may  
operate  an  aircraft  below  the  following  altitudes:  (a)  Anywhere.  An  altitude  allowing,  if  a  power  unit  
fails,  an  emergency  landing  without  undue  hazard  to  persons  or  property  on  the  surface.  (b)  Over  
congested  areas.  Over  any  congested  area  of  a  city,  town,  or  settlement,  or  over  any  open  air  
assembly  of  persons,  an  altitude  of  1,000  feet  above  the  highest  obstacle  within  a  horizontal  radius  of  
2,000  feet  of  the  aircraft.  (c)  Over  other  than  congested  areas.  An  altitude  of  500  feet  above  the  
surface,  except  over  open  water  or  sparsely  populated  areas.  In  those  cases,  the  aircraft  may  not  be  
operated  closer  than  500  feet  to  any  person,  vessel,  vehicle,  or  structure.  (d)  Helicopters,  powered  
parachutes,  and  weight-shift-control  aircraft.  If  the  operation  is  conducted  without  hazard  to  persons  
or  property  on  the  surface--  (1)  A  helicopter  may  be  operated  at  less  than  the  minimums  prescribed  
in  paragraph  (b)  or  (c)  of  this  section,  provided  each  person  operating  the  helicopter  complies  with  
any  routes  or  altitudes  specifically  prescribed  for  helicopters  by  the  FAA;  and  (2)  A  powered  
parachute  or  weight-shift-control  aircraft  may  be  operated  at  less  than  the  minimums  prescribed  in  
paragraph  (c)  of  this  section  (a)  Each  person  operating  an  aircraft  shall  maintain  the  cruising  altitude  
or  flight  level  of  that  aircraft,  as  the  case  may  be,  by  reference  to  an  altimeter  that  is  set,  when  
operating--(1)  Below  18,000  feet  MSL,  to--(i)  The  current  reported  altimeter  setting  of  a  station  
along  the  route  and  within  100  nautical  miles  of  the  aircraft;  (ii)  If  there  is  no  station  within  the  area  
prescribed  in  paragraph  (a)(1)(i)  of  this  section,  the  current  reported  altimeter  setting  of  an  
appropriate  available  station;  or  (iii)  In  the  case  of  an  aircraft  not  equipped  with  a  radio,  the  
elevation  of  the  departure  airport  or  an  appropriate  altimeter  setting  available  before  departure;  or  
(2)  At  or  above  18,000  feet  MSL,  to  29.92  Hg.  (b)  The  lowest  usable  flight  level  is  determined  by  the  
atmospheric  pressure  in  the  area  of  operation  as  shown  in  the  following  table:    
  
OpenSky  believes  that  there  is  inconclusive  evidence  that  a  person  with  a  private  pilot  certificate  or  
license  can  successfully  maneuver  or  train  someone  to  use  an  sUAS  without  first  hand  flight  
experience  with  the  particular  sUAS.    Flying  in  3rd  person  orientation  requires  built-up  experience  in  
that  form  of  flying  for  many  years.    Therefore,  we  believe  our  own  flight  training,  pilot  protocols  and  
first  hand  experiences  with  the  sUAS  as  laid  out  in  our  Flight  Operations  Manual  meets  and  exceeds  
the  requirements  necessary  to  safely  operate  our  sUAS  for  the  tasks  we  purpose  .    Also,  the  sUAS  will  
be  operated  by  a  remote  control,  which  will  only  require  a  single  person  operator  and  dual  controls  
will  not  be  necessary.    

14  C.F.R.  91.119  ­  Minimum  safe  altitudes:  General                                                             

OpenSky  seeks  exemption  from  14  C.F.R.  91.119,  which  discusses  minimum  safe  altitudes.    Since  

project  needs  are  low-level  data  collection  and  the  majority  of  flight  will  be  less  than  200ft  MSL  and  

no  more  than  400ft  MSL,  this  would  not  pertain  to  our  sUAS  operations  

                                                   
14  C.F.R.  91.121­  Altimeter  settings  

OpenSky  seeks  exemption  from  14  C.F.R.  91.121,  which  discusses  altimeter  settings  for  lowest  usable  

flight  level.    

C.F.R.  91.121  states,    

Current  altimeter  setting      Lowest  usable  flight  level    

29.92  (or  higher)              180    

                                    185    
29.91  through  29.42    

29.41  through  28.92            190    

28.91  through  28.42            195    

28.41  through  27.92            200    

27.91  through  27.42            205    

27.41  through  26.92            210    
    
(c)  To  convert  minimum  altitude  prescribed  under  §§91.119  and  91.177  to  the  minimum  flight  level,  

the  pilot  shall  take  the  flight  level  equivalent  of  the  minimum  altitude  in  feet  and  add  the  appropriate  

number  of  feet  specified  below,  according  to  the  current  reported  altimeter  setting:"    

Current  altimeter  setting                                              Adjustment  factor                                                     
                                                                             None    
29.92  (or  higher)                                                      500    
29.91  through  29.42                                                    1,000    
29.41  through  28.92                                                    1,500    
28.91  through  28.42                                                    2,000    
28.41  through  27.92                                                    2,500    
27.91  through  27.42                                                    3,000    
27.41  through  26.92    
  
OpenSky's  sUAS  uses  both  GPS  altitude  and  barometric  sensors  and  relays  that  information  to  our  
ground  station.    However,  this  data  is  used  help  the  sUAS  to  automatically  maintain  position  hold  at  
the  required  elevation  and  therefore  this  code  is  not  pertinent  the  functionality  of  this  sUAS.  
    
14  C.F.R.  91.151­  Fuel  requirements  for  flights  in  Visual  Flight  Rules  (VFR)  conditions      
OpenSky  seeks  exemption  from  14  C.F.R.  91.151,  which  discusses  fuel  requirements  for  flight  in  VFR  
conditions.  Specifically,  91.151  states  "(a)  No  person  may  begin  a  flight  in  an  airplane  under  VFR  
conditions  unless  (considering  wind  and  forecast  weather  conditions)  there  is  enough  fuel  to  fly  to  
the  first  point  of  intended  landing  and,  assuming  normal  cruising  speed--  (1)  During  the  day,  to  fly  
after  that    
for  at  least  30  minutes;  or  (2)  At  night,  to  fly  after  that  for  at  least  45  minutes.  (b)  No  person  may  
begin  a  flight  in  a  rotorcraft  under  VFR  conditions  unless  (considering  wind  and  forecast  weather  
conditions)  there  is  enough  fuel  to  fly  to  the  first  point  of  intended  landing  and,  assuming  normal  
cruising  speed,  to  fly  after  that  for  at  least  20  minutes  ".    
  
OpenSky's  sUAS  has  a  typical  mission  time  of  less  than  15  minutes  with  maximum  flight  time  of  25  
minutes.    Since  this  amount  less  than  the  30  minute  reserve  minimum,  this  reserve  minimum  would  
not  even  make  sense  in  allowing  the  sUAS  a  chance  to  fly.  According  to  OpenSky's  aircraft  flight  
manual,  the  PIC  is  instructed  to  maintain  flight  until  battery  power  reaches  25%,  or  1st  level  warning.    
At  this  level,  landing  procedures  will  be  intiated.    Once  the  sUAS  reads  20%,  2nd  level  warning,  the  
flight  control  system  automatically  take  over  and  initiates  safe  landing  sequence  at  the  logged  in  
takeoff  point.        OpenSky  policy  outlined  in  our  operating  flight  manual  achieves  satisfactory  safety  
standards.    

14  C.F.R.  91.203  -  Civil  aircraft:  certification  required                       
OpenSky  seeks  exemption  from  14  C.F.R.  91.203,  which  discusses  states:  

                                                          
(a)  Except  as  provided  in  §91.715,  no  person  may  operate  a  civil  aircraft  unless  it  has  within  it  the  
following:  (1)  An  appropriate  and  current  airworthiness  certificate.  Each  U.S.  airworthiness  
certificate  used  to  comply  with  this  subparagraph  (except  a  special  flight  permit,    
a  copy  of  the  applicable  operations  specifications  issued  under  §21.197(c)  of  this  chapter,  
appropriate  sections  of  the  air  carrier  manual  required  by  parts  121  and  135  of  this  chapter  
containing  that  portion  of  the  operations  specifications  issued  under  §21.197(c),  or  an  authorization  
under  §91.611)  must  have  on  it  the  registration  number  assigned  to  the  aircraft  under  part  47  of  this  
chapter.  However,  the  airworthiness  certificate  need  not  have  on  it  an  assigned  special  identification  
number  before  10  days  after  that  number  is  first  affixed  to  the  aircraft.  A  revised  airworthiness  
certificate  having  on  it  an  assigned  special  identification  number,  that  has  been  affixed  to  an  aircraft,  
may  only  be  obtained  upon  application  to  an  FAA  Flight  Standards  district  office.  (2)  An  effective  U.S.  
registration  certificate  issued  to  its  owner  or,  for  operation  within  the  United  States,  the  second  copy  
of  the  Aircraft  registration  Application  as  provided  for  in  §47.31(c),  or  a  registration  certification  
issued  under  the  laws  of  a  foreign  country.  (b)  No  person  may  operate  a  civil  aircraft  unless  the  
airworthiness  certificate  required  by  paragraph  (a)  of  this  section  or  a  special  flight  authorization  
issued  under  §91.715  is  displayed  at  the  cabin  or  cockpit  entrance  so  that  it  is  legible  to  passengers  
or  crew.  (c)  No  person  may  operate  an  aircraft  with  a  fuel  tank  installed  within  the  passenger  
compartment  or  a  baggage  compartment  unless  the  installation  was  accomplished  pursuant  to  part  
43  of  this  chapter,  and  a  copy  of  FAA  Form  337  authorizing  that  installation  is  on  board  the  aircraft.  
(d)  No  person  may  operate  a  civil  airplane  (domestic  or  foreign)  into  or  out  of  an  airport  in  the  
United  States  unless  it  complies  with  the  fuel  venting  and  exhaust  emissions  requirements  of  part  34  
of  this  chapter".    
certifications.  Specifically,  91.203  states  "    
  
OpenSky  believes  that  an  appropriate  and  current  airworthiness  certificate  would  not  be  necessary  
to  fly  a  sUAS  given  the  size  of  the  aircraft  and  the  necessary  level  of  skill  needed  to  operate  the  
aircraft.    Before  putting  in  to  service,  each  of  our  sUAS  goes  through  our  own  airworthiness  
proceedures  of  miminum  test  flight  and  reliability  checks.    Also,  our  sUAS  are  recalibrated  each  at  the  
site  location  before  each  flight  to  ensure  that  all  systems  functions  as  designed.    OpenSky  seeks  
exemption  from  this  regulation  because  we  believe  this  rule  was  not  meant  for  a  sUAS  and  operators.    
  
  
  
14  C.F.R.  91.405,  91.407,  91.409,  and  91.417  
OpenSky  seeks  exemption  from  14  C.F.R.  91.405,  91.407,  91.409,  and  91.417,  which  discusses  
required  aircraft  maintenance,  operation  after  maintenance,  preventive  maintenance,  rebuilding,  or  
alteration,  inspections,  and  maintenance  records.    In  OpenSky's  aircraft  flight  manual,  maintenance  
and  inspection  procedures  have  been  established  for  the  aircraft.  OpenSky  believes  these  regulations  
are  meant  for  manned  operated  aircrafts  and  not  unmanned  systems,  therefore  making  them  
unnecessary.    

                                                                                                                                   
Nevertheless,  we  seek  an  exemption  from  any  such  specific  provisions  to  the  extent  FAA  finds  it  
necessary  to  grant  this  request.    
  
(d)  The  reasons  why  granting  OpenSky's  request  would  be  in  the  public  interest;  that  is,  how  it  would  
benefit  the  public  as  a  whole.    
  
OpenSky  is  classified  as  an  engineering  company  by  the  U.S.  Department  of  Transportation  and  
provides  services  to  the  engineering  industry.    OpenSky's  use  of  a  sUAS  can  assist  in  collecting  and  
verifying  critical  data  for  design  project.  With  OpenSky's  sUAS  usage  in  the  engineering  industry,  we  
will  be  able  to  gather  valuable  information  to  help  increase  safety  and  productivity.  In  addition,  the  
sUAS  flights  will  be  putting  fewer  lives  in  danger.    
  
(e)  The  reasons  why  granting  the  exemption  would  not  adversely  affect  safety,  or  how  the  exemption  
would  provide  a  level  of  safety  at  least  equal  to  that  provided  by  the  rule  from  which  OpenSky  seeks  
exemption  Our  Engineering  department  will  provide  a  level  of  safety  that  exceeds  the  level  of  safety  
required  by  the  FAA  for  its  use  on  sUAS.  The  following  are  OpenSky's  safety  procedures,  features,  
regulations,  and  operating  specifications  for  our  sUAS:    
  

     · Our  Squadron  Leader/Chief  Pilot  in  Charge  is  an  engineer  who  has  10  years  of  RC  Model  
           building  and  flight  experience  with  over  1000  flight  hours  in  Fixed-wing,  Helicopter  and  
           Multi-Rotor  3rd  person  flight.  He  has  been  involved  with  flight  design,  experimentation  and  
           system  optimization  for  model  industry  since  2008  though  SAPAC,  Inc.  models.  

     · Our  staff  includes  an  FAA-rated  commercial  flight  instructor  (ret)  who  coordinates  our  FOVO  
           team  in  integration  with  general  aviation.  

     · The  Pilot  In  Command  (PIC)  and  Field  Operations  Visual  Observer  (FOVO)  will  be  required  
           to  wear  hard  hats,  safety  vests,  and  safety  glasses  to  protect  the  head  and  eyes  from  potential  
           mishaps  during  given  operational  flights  including  training  or  testing  of  sUAS.      

     · The  flight  area  of  the  sUAS  will  be  observed  for  best  take  off  and  landing  locations.  Desired  
           conditions  include:  flat  and  level  surfaces  clear  of  debris,  at  least  15ft  from  power  lines  and  
           structures,  and  a  minimum  distance  of  12ft  from  the  PIC  and  observers.      

     · The  sUAS  will  also  be  in  the  Visual  Line  of  Sight  (VLOS)  to  both  the  PIC  and  FOVO  during  all  
           flights.      

     · Flights  must  take  place  during  good  weather  conditions  with  no  rain,  low  laying  clouds,  or  
           heavy  winds.  All  flights  will  take  place  during  daylight  hours  with  no  evening  or  late  night  
           flights.      

     · The  PIC(s)  of  the  sUAS  will  at  least  have  12  training  hours  or  24  flights  accrued  before  being  
           designated  working  flights  around  cellular  communication  towers.      

     · All  batteries  must  be  charged  completely  before  each  flight  and  each  flight  must  end  when  
           the  battery  has  a  25%  power  level  remaining.      
     · A  visual  safety  inspection  will  occur  before  each  flight,  testing  propeller  tightness,  security  
           mount  of  camera/detection  equipment,  remote  range  test,  and  proper  safety  equipment  is  
           adorned  to  PIC  and  FOVO.      

     · The  sUAS  will  be  flown  under  a  height  of  500  ft  AGL.      
     · No  PIC  or  FOVO  will  engage  in,  nor  may  a  PIC  or  FOVO  permit,  any  activity  during  a  critical  

           phase  of  flight  so  as  to  ensure  that  the  sUAS  is  in  a  condition  for  safe  flight  operation  and  in  a  
           configuration  appropriate  for  the  purpose  of  the  intended  flight.      

     · If  there  is  more  than  just  an  operator  at  a  site  during  a  flight,  the  PIC  operator  and  observer  
           or  FOVO  will  maintain  two-way  communication  with  each  other  during  all  operations;  if  
           unable  to  maintain  two-way  communications,  or  if  any  condition  occurs  that  may  otherwise  
           cause  the  operation  to  be  unsafe,  the  operator  will  immediately  conclude  the  operation.  

     · If  the  communication  link  is  lost,  the  sUAS  will  go  into  fail-safe  mode  and  safely  descend  to  
           its  designated  home-point  location.  If  the  communication  link  is  reconnected  during  fail-safe  
           mode,  control  of  the  sUAS  can  be  regained  before  landing  occurs  at  the  home-point  location.      

     · There  is  no  fuel  or  payload  to  the  sUAS,  therefore  there  will  be  no  potential  explosives  or  risk  
           of  explosion  if  a  crash  occurs  with  the  sUAS.      

     · The  sUAS  will  feature  a  built  in  compass  that  will  be  recalibrated  at  every  site  to  maintain  
           accurate  directional  readings.  The  compass  will  also  help  in  keeping  the  sUAS  stable  during  
           flights.      

     · The  sUAS  will  record  GPS  location  data  once  Ready  to  Fly  status  has  been  obtained.  A  
           minimum  of  6  satellites  will  activate  the  Ready  to  Fly  status.    

     · The  weight  of  the  sUAS  is  less  than  10  lbs.  with  a  maximum  ascent  speed  of  6  m/s  and  a  
           descent  speed  of  2  m/s.  The  aircrafts  maximum  flight  speed  is  15  m/s.      

     · The  aircrafts  vertical  and  horizontal  aspect  concerning  hovering  accuracy  is  0.8m  and  2.5m  
           respectfully.      

     · The  typical  aircraft  wheelbase  will  be  less  than  600mm  in  length.      
     · The  aircraft  runs  off  a  Li-Po  battery.      
          
       
(f)  A  summary  FAA  can  publish  in  the  FEDERAL  REGISTER,  stating:  (1)  The  rule  from  which  you  seek  
the  exemption;  and  (2)  A  brief  description  of  the  nature  of  the  exemption  you  seek  
  

           Petitioner:  OpenSky  Drones,  LLC.    
             
           Sections  of  14  C.F.R.  Affected:  21  Subpart  H;  45.23(b);  61.113(a)(b);  91.103;  91.105;  91.109;    
           91.119(c);  91.121(a)(1)(iii);  91.151(a)(1);  91.203;  91.405;  91.407;  91.409;  and  91.417    
             
           Description  of  Relief  Sought:  Petitioner  seeks  relief  from  the  requirements  of  14  C.F.R.  21  
           Subpart  H;  45.23(b);  61.113(a)(b);  91.103;  91.105;  91.109;  91.119(c);  91.121(a)(1)(iii);  
           91.151(a)(1);  91.203;  91.405;  91.407;  91.409;  and  91.417  to  conduct  data  collection  for  
           Environmental/Civil/Structural  engineering  services  using  operating  procedures  that  meet  
           or  exceed  those  that  FAA  requires.    
  
  
(g)  Any  additional  information,  views  or  arguments  available  to  support  your  request    
  
           Please  see  the  introduction  to  this  exemption  request.    
  
(h)  If  you  want  to  exercise  the  privileges  of  your  exemption  outside  of  the  United  States,  the  reason  
why  you  need  to  do  so    
           The  Operations  described  in  this  exemption  request  will  be  conducted  wholly  within  the  
           United  States.    
  
Attached  hereto,  and  submitted  as  a  confidential  document,  is  our  Field  Operations  Manual. We
respectfully  submit  that  good  cause  exists  so  that  this  confidential  manual  does  not  need  to  be  
published  in  the  Federal  Register  
  
  
Please  do  not  hesitate  to  contact  me  via  email  at  dan@OpenSkydrones.com  if  you  have  any  questions  
or  concerns.    
  
Respectfully  submitted,    
  
  
  
  
  
Dan  Q  Pham,  P.E.  
Vice  President  
OpenSky  Drones,  LLC  
