July 14, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12031
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­1301

Mr. Jonathan Arias
Orlando Aerial Videos
611 Campus Street, Unit #310
Celebration, FL 34747

Dear Mr. Arias:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated April 17, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of Orlando Aerial Videos (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption. The
petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct market
research, aerial surveys, mapping, inspections, and aerial data collection.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a DJI Phantom 2 Vision +.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
                                                                                                                 2

aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Orlando Aerial Videos is granted an exemption from
14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c),
91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to
the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                             3

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Orlando Aerial Videos is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom 2
    Vision + when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations
    of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
    not permitted.

3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
    exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
    compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
    airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
    aircraft manufacturer.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.

    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
    electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
    must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
    required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
                                                                                                            4

    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
                                                                                                            5

    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
                                                                                                               6

       (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
       be as large as practicable.

   23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
       any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
       PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
       These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
       official upon request.

   24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
       activities at all times.

   25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

   26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
       persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
          a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
             from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
             that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
             where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
             the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
             of nonparticipating persons; and
          b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
             for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
             the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
             present an undue hazard.

       The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
       nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

   27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
       permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
       Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
       obtained for each flight to be conducted.

   28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
       boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
       to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
       reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
       contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.
                                                                                                                 7

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                    8

This exemption terminates on July 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,
/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
Petition for Exemption Request Under Section 333              Jonathan Arias / Orlando Aerial Videos
of the FAA Reform Act and Part 11 of the FAR

 April 17, 2015                                                                              is:

                           Transportation                     Jonathan Arias
          Management System                                   Phone: 321-217-1022
                                                              Email: Jon@orlandoaerials.com
                                SE
Wa 20590

                                                     are:

Orlando Aerial Videos
ATTN: Jonathan Arias
Phone: 321-217-1022
Email: Jon@orlandoaerials.com
Address: 611 Campus St unit #310
Celebration, FL 34747

                                                           1
Petition for Exemption Request Under Section 333 of the FAA Reform Act and Part 11 of the FAR

           Madam:

Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Ref orm Act of 2012 (the "Reform Act") and 14

C. F.R. Part 11, Orlando Aerial Videos,          operator of the                               a small

Unmanned Aircraft Systems ("sUAS") seeks an exemption from the Federal Aviation Regulations

("FARs") listed below and discussed in Appendix A. Details of Orlando Aerial Videos and the
           Vision+ sUAS                                                                          of his

request.

                                     Orlando Aerial Videos
Vision+ (          in Appendix B), which weighs  6 lbs. with imaging payload, to perform

market research, aerial surveys, mapping,

                                                 by onboard sensors. The

Vision+ produces high quality imagery and data that can be used independently or in the case of

surveying and modelling, can be combined to produce precision               clouds, triangle models,

and contour maps of the surveyed area. Application for this    include inspection of sensitive

infrastructure including oil and gas pipelines and are stacks, powerlines and towers, wind turbines,

and surveying tasks such as precision agriculture, mining, transportation,

           and forestry. Use of the                          for these inspection and surveying

applications reduces the need to operate conventional aircraft, providing data more quickly, accurately,

                   and impact.

Operations under the exemption will be subject to strict operating requirements and conditions to

ensure at least an equivalent level of saf ety to currently authorized operations using manned aircraft
                                                                                                      333.
perform market research and commercial operations of aerial inspections
video and surveys using the         Vision+ 1 which                  6 lbs. is small in size and powered
electrically by battery. The        Vision+ will be operated under controlled conditions at low
altitude                                         exemption) in airspace that is limited in scope, as
described more fully herein ; It will have automated control features, as described below. The
          Vis is designed to operated by one person but ight operations generally involve two
people: an operator and an observer. The operator is responsible for ying the sUAS, monitoring its
status and ight dynamics while maintaining visual line of            and keeping the ight within the
speci ed factory limits (in terms of wind, ight range, battery life, etc. ) to ensure safe operation of the
sUAS itself. The observer is responsible for monitoring the airspace for other aircraft and hazards
and instructing the operator before and during ight as necessary to ensure saf e separation/de -
con iction with these aircraft and
authorized The                     Vision+ training program for the      Vision+ . Finally, the
          i n which                 Vision+ will operate will be disclosed to and approved, as
needed, by the FAA inadvance.

Orlando Aerial Videos respectfully submits that because this small, unmanned aerial system ­ the
                     will be used in lieu of comparatively hazardous operations now conducted with

xed wing and rotary conventional aircraft, the FAA can have con dence that the operations will

achieve at least an equivalent level or greater level of safety. Approval of this exemption would thereby

enhance saf ety and ful ll the Secretary of Transportation's (the FAA Administrator's) responsibilities

under Section 333(c) of the Reform Act to "establish requirements for the safe operation of such

aircraft systems in the             system."

                                                     follows:

                21 ;
          45.23(b) ;

                          (b) ;
          61.133(a) ;
          91.7(a) ;

                            (c) ;
          91.103 ;
          91.109(a) ;
          91.119 ;

          91.151(a) ;
                          (b) ;

          91.405(a) ;
          91.407(a) (1) ;
          91.409(a) (2) ;
          91.417(a).

                                              2
                 discusses
set forth in this letter are appropriate, provide an equivalent level of safety, and are in the public
interest.

              THE APPLICABLE LEGAL STANDARD UNDER SECTION 333

Orlando Aerial Videos submits that grant of this exemption application for use of the
             in market research, surveying, mapping and inspection operations will advance the

Congressional mandate in Section 333 of the Reform Act to accelerate the introduction of sUASs
into the national airspace system ("NAS") if itcan be accomplished safely. This law directs the

Secretary of Transportation to consider whether
bef Section 332 of the Ref orm Act. In making this

determination, the Secretary is required to determine which types of sUASs do not create a
hazard to users of the NAS or the public or pose a threat to

following:

1. capability;
2. ; and

3. operator.

      333(a)                         saf in the

national airspace system, the Secretary shall establish requirements for the saf e operation of

such                  Id. added). 2

The Federal Aviation Act expressly grants the FAA the authority to issue exemptions. This
statutoryauthority, by its terms, includes exempting civil aircraft, as the term is defined under
§40101 of the Act, from the requirement that all civil aircraft must have a current airworthiness

certi cate and those
service:

      The Administrator may grant an exemption from a requirement of a regulation prescribed

      undersubsection (a) or (b) of this section or any of sections 44702-44716 of this title if the
                                                                         interest.

49 U.S.C. §44701(f). See also 49 USC §44711(a) ; 49 USC §44704 ; 14 CFR §91.203(a)(1).

The grant of the requested exemption is in the public interest based on the clear direction in

Section 333 of the Ref orm Act; The additional authority in the Federal Aviation Act, as

amended ; The strong  saf            operations And

                           4
             bene t, including enhanced safety and cost savings associated with transitioning

to sUASs for aerial surveying,                                                    According th

             FAA

Airworthiness of the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+

A critical element of the exemption application involves evidence of the airworthiness of

             sUA including the                    . Orlando Aerial Videos believes that

it has shown compliance through a history of granted ight operations and successful ights -

including many operations with public agencies. The list of granted applicants includes:

2 applications for

exemptions under Section 333, but for the Administrator, if he deems the conditions proposed herein

require                                                                                              Orlando

Aerial Videos welcomes the opportunity to consult with FAA sta in order to address any issues or

concerns that this proposal may raise that they believe may require modi cation.

The criteria set forth in the Order specify the substantive showings of the device's saf ety and

tness for operation to ensure that the FAA has su cient basis to evaluate the                           3

                                a signi    set o                                          safe takeo ,

ight and landing in many conditions, further details of operation can be found in Appendix B.

Mandatory Operating Conditions

         of Orlando Aerial Videos the mandatory
               which are based upon operating conditions set forth for operation of sUAS by public

entities pursuant to

1.                              airspace.
2.
                                                       access property.           ight.
    charts.                                (VLOS).                                (VMC).
3.
4.           i.                                                                           aircraft.
5.               miles (NM).                                                                 city
6.
             ii.
7.
8.                              hours.                  feet.
9.                                ight.           thresholds.
10.
11.

                                           5
agencies.

12. All operations will include one pilot for ight control and one observer for VLOS

enhancement of                                       aircraft

Operator Requirements

Orlando Aerial Videos respectfully proposes that operator requirements should take into account
the characteristics of the particular sUAS. Certain sUASs, such as the                           Vision+

are characterized by a high degree of pre-programmed control and various built-in technical

capabilities that limit the potential for                      of co

                        Vision+    also provides many built-in functional and saf ety features to

assist the operator in safe and reliable operation. 4

The provides two semi-autonomous ight modes using a point-and-click

map and video interface. The user clicks on a map to direct the                          to y to the

point on the map where the operator is pointing, or programmed ight plans may be entered for

a series of                      based area. Additional navigation aids including landing zones and

ight areas may be designated to ensure the                                 operates only within

speci ed ight parameters. All ight operations are GPS controlled making the system easy to

navigate, and the ight control system also employs a variety of sensors including sonar,

barometric pressure, temperature, wind speed and others to ensure the high stability and reliability

in challenging weather conditions. At all times during ight operations,

                                           control.

                                                                           DJI Vision+

include the following:

                                                     checks

                        checklist

Automated condition or fault detection, warnings, and pre-de ned responses to a

number of                          conditions.

                                                               thresholds

                                                               thresholds

                                                        thresholds

             communication

Pre-de ned responses include behavior such as attempting to re-establish

radio communication, return to home position and hover, return to home

position and land, or land incurrent position

In the case of lost GPS, a manual user ight mode is enabled which allows the

operator to                                                                the vehicle.

                                                     6
Given these saf ety features, Orlando Aerial Videos proposes that operators of the
Vision+ should not be required to hold a commercial or private pilot certi cation. Instead,
operators should be required to:

1. H                                                                    fo

                    of the sUAS.

In summary, applicant seeks an exemption from the FARs set forth above and in Appendix C to

allow market research and commercial operations of a small unmanned vehicle in surveying,
mapping and

Approval of the exemption allowing commercial operations of the                  Vision+ for

surveying, mapping

      safe survey

                                                     carrying signi cant quanti

                                                     bservation         These operations require

transit to and from the location of the activity, and            times take place in congested

      the                         Vision+ weighs       6 lbs. including payloads and uses a

battery for power, is             to/from the area of activity, removes the need for airborne

pilots/observers, and poses less risk to

Additionally, no national security issue is raised by the grant of the requested exemptions. Given
thesize, load carrying capacity, speed at which it operates, and the fact that it carries no
explosives or

security.

The operation of the                              for market research,  surveying, mapping
                                                                                    21.
      collection and inspection operations in

abo saf ety

                       Orlando Aerial Videos from the

T he satisfaction of the criteria set forth in Section 333 of the Reform Act--
size, weight,speed, operating capabilities, lack of proximity to airports and populated areas,
operation within visual line of sight, and national security ­ and its showing of an equivalent level

of safety as it may relate to

                                                  7
operation of the  requested exemptions allowing Orlando Aerial Videos commercial
                                in market research,

Jonathan Arias
Phone: 321-217-1022
Email: Jon@orlandoaerials.com
Address: 611 Campus St unit #310
Celebration, FL 34747

                                  8
APPENDIX A
        EXEMPTION REQUEST AND EQUIVALENT LEVEL OF SAFETY SHOWINGS UNDER
                              APPLICABLE RULES SUBJECT TO EXEMPTION

Orlando Aerial Videos requests an exemption from the following regulations as well as any additional
regulations                                                        :

14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H: Airworthiness Certi cates
14 CFR § 91.203(a) (1)

Section 91.203(a) (1) requires all civil aircraft to have a certi cate of airworthiness. Part 21, Subpart

H, entitled Airworthiness Certi cates, establishes the procedural requirements for the issuance of

airworthiness certi cates as required by FAR § 91.203(a)(1). Given the size of the aircraft (             6

lbs.) and the limited operating area associated with its utilization, it is unnecessary to go through the

             airworthiness process under Part 21 Subpart H to achieve or exceed current safety levels.

Such an exemption meets the requirements of an equivalent level of saf ety under Part 11 and Section

333 of the Ref orm Act. The Federal Aviation Act and Section 333 of the Reform Act both authorize the
FAA to exempt aircraft from the requirement for an airworthiness certi cate, upon consideration of the

size, weight, speed, operational capability, and proximity to airports and populated areas of the
sUAS involved.

In this case, an analysis of these criteria demonstrates that the     operated

without an airworthiness certi cate, under the conditions proposed herein, will be at least as saf e, or

safer, than a conventional aircraft (fixed wing or rotorcraft) with an airworthiness certi cate. The

             weighs  lbs. fully loaded. It will not carry a pilot or passenger, will not carry

ammable fuel, and will operate exclusively within an area pre disclosed and in compliance with

conditions set forth herein. Operations

                     conditions set forth above, and by local public saf ety requirements.

The FAA will have advance notice of all operations through the ling of NOTAMs. Receipt of the

prior permission of the land owner, thesize of the aircraft, the lack of ammable fuel, and the fact that

the aircraft is carried to the location and

                                             equivalent, and most likely exceeds level of saf ety to that

of such operations being conducted with conventional aircraft that would be orders-of-magnitude

larger and would be carrying passengers,        and ammable fuel. The automated saf ety features

including redundant sensor systems as described in Appendix B and throughout this document

highlight the design intentions towards safety

14 C.F.R. § 45.23 & 91.9(c): Marking of the Aircraft

                        provides:
                    (a) Each operator of an aircraft must display on that aircraft marks consisting of the
                    Roman capital letter "N" (denoting United States registration) followed by the registration
                    number of the aircraft. Each su x letter used in the marks displayed must also be a

                                        letter.

                                                                      9
                 (b) Wh                                                                number is

                 displayed on limited, restricted or         sport category aircraft or experimental or

                                                                       dis aircraft near each

                 entrance to the cabin, cockpit, or pilot station, in letters not less than 2 inches normore

                 than 6 inches high, the words "limited," "restricted," " sport," "experimental," or

                         applicable.

Regulati  91.9(c) provides:

              No person may operate a U.S. registered civil aircraft unless that aircraft is identi ed in
                                                         chapter .

The has no entrance to the cabin, cockpit, or pilot station on which the

markings can beplaced. Given the size of the sUAS,           inch lettering will be impossible. Of

marking systems forsmall UAS have not yet been established for operations inside the NAS. The

                      is currently marked with a xed label containing                  measuring

1.5" x 0.5" as well as a serial number located                                Orlando Aerial

Videos                   inspection system with the name of the organization and location or

origin and ful any other request by the FAA to this topic in accordance to § 45.29(f) where the pilot,

observer, and others working with the sUAS                             sUAS.

The FAA has issued the following exemptions to this regulation, see Exemption Nos. 8738, 10167,
                 10700.

14 C.F.R. § 61.113(a) & (b); 61.133(a): Private Pilot Privileges and Limitations; Pilot in
Command; Commercial Pilot Privileges and Limitations.

Section 61.113(a) (b) limit private pilots to non-commercial operations. Unlike a conventional aircraft

that carries a pilot, passengers, and cargo, the                       in this case is remotely

controlled with no passengers or property of others on board. Section 61.133(a) requires an individual

with a commercial pilot's license to be pilot in command of an aircraft for compensation or hire.

Orlando Aerial Videos respectfully
                      particular s UAS.                      has a high degree of pre-programmed

control and various built-in technical capabilities that strictly limit the potential for operation outside of the

operating conditions set forth in theexemption application.

The Vision+ has an all-digital sof tware platform with advanced features previously

restricted to full size unmanned aircraft. Automated features and advanced saf e controls enable

saf e, reliable                                                        extensibility.

1. Plan your ight or y hoc: The system can autonomously y a programmed ight path or y
                  mode

2. Smart batteries and charger: Flight time and battery minutes are displayed at all times. The
                                                                                                            reached.

Flight safety is a priority, no matter the operating environment or                        Vision+

o ers            saf                                                                in potentially
                                                                       Vision+ platform leads
dangerous situations. With multiple built-in safety features, the

other sUAS with          safety.

                                                  10
1. Intelligent fault handling: The system automatically detects potential issues - with con gurable

                                                         routine

2.                                     self -calibrates                       performs self -tests

                            errors
3. zones
4. Self -monitoring                                                                and

                                                         system

5. Battery communication: Battery minutes and ight time are displayed at all            system
                                                                 reached.

                        saf s                                                of Vision+

include the following:                                                           landing.
                                                triggers a Non- Fatal Wa rning alarm to return
1.
                                                      triggers a Fatal Error alarm and initiates an
2. Low battery on the       battery
    home, land and                                    to the base station the vehicle will perform its

3. Very low battery on the  landing.

4. If the                   detects a
    pre- def              Condition Response .

Given these safety features, Orlando Aerial Videos proposes that operators of the
Vision+ should not be required to hold a commercial or private pilot certi cation. Instead, operators
should be required to:

1. H                                                                          sUAS.

Orlando Aerial Videos notes that the FAA has found that saf ety factors permitted operation of
sUASs by operators with these quali cations in the case of operations pursuant to public COAs

where the mandatory                                              present. See Federal Aviation

Administration, Notice N-8900.227, Unmanned Aircraft Systems (UAS) Operational Approval, at

20-21 (July 30, 2013). The FAA has the statutory authority, granted at 49 U.S.C §44701(f) to waive

the pilot requirements for commercial operations.

                                                      level saf                         allowing

operation of the            Vision+ without a private pilot's certi cate or a commercial pilot's
certi cate, under

The risks associated with the operation of the                   Vision+ (given its size, speed,

operational capabilities, and lack of combustible fuel) are so diminished from the level of risk

associated with private pilot operations or commercial operations contemplated by Part 61 with

conventional aircraft (fixed wing or rotorcraft), that allowing operations of the sUAS as set forth above

meets or exceeds the present level of safety provided under 14 C.F.R. § 61.113(a) (b) and does

not rise to the level of                           t

This regulation requires that no person may operate a civil aircraft unless it is in airworthy condition.

Should the exemption be granted allowing commercial operation of the                    Vision+

without airworthiness certi cate, no standard will exist for airworthiness of the

                                                11
Vision+ . Given the size      a i rcraft and the previous COAs issued for                             Vision+
                                                                                                      Vision+
equivalent level safety will be achieved by ensuring compliance with the

manuals prior to each ight.

14 C.F.R. § 91.9(b) (2): Civil Aircraft Flight Manual in the Aircraft.

The regulation provides:      there is no pilot on board, but because                         of      not only
                     Vision+                                            ight manual on the aircraft,
                     because                                           there is no room or

The equivalent level of saf ety will be achieved by keeping the ight manual (see , e.g. , User

Guide, Exhibit 1) at the ground control point where the pilot ying the sUAS will have immediate

access to it.The FAA has issued to others the following exemptions to this regulation: Exemption Nos.

8607, 8737,                                                                    10700.

14 C.F.R. § 91.103: Pre ight Action

This regulation requires each pilot in command to take certain actions before ight to insure the saf ety

of ight. As FAA approved rotorcraft ight manuals will not be provided for the aircraft an exemption will
be needed. An equivalent level of safety will be provided as set forth in the

User Manual (exhibit 1) under the `Getting Ready to Fly' section. The PIC will take all actions
including reviewing weather, ight battery requirements, landing and takeo distances

                 data ight.

14 C.F.R. § 91.109(a) & 91.319(a) (1): Flight Instruction

These regulations provide that no person may operate a civil aircraft (except a manned free balloon)
that is being used for ight instruction unless that aircraft has fully functioning dual controls.

The is a remotely piloted aircraft and by design, does not have fully functional

dual controls. Flight control is accomplished through the use of a control box that communicates with

the aircraft via radio communications. The ight plan is either manually controlled through

point-and-click touch screen navigation or pre-programmed as way points or an               into the

auto pilot before or during ightand only in unusual circumstances will the pilot input control

functions to alter the pre-programmed ight. If instruction is accomplished through a training program,

as set forth in Exhibit 2, an equivalent                                       approved

                                          functional dual controls for a number of aircraft and for ight

instruction in experimental aircraft. See Exemption Nos. 5778K 9862A. The equivalent level of

safety will be achieved by the manufacturer providing the training as outlined, for example, in Exhibit

2 and through the use of experienced                                                                  .

14 CFR § 91.119: Minimum Safe Altitudes

Section 91.119  establishes   saf e altitudes for operation of civil aircraft. Speci cally, 91.119(c)
limits                                                                                of the surface,

                                                         12
except over open water or sparsely populated areas. In those cases, the aircraft may not be

operated                                             structure.

As set forth herein, the                         will never operate at higher than 400 feet AGL. It will,

however, be operated to avoid congested or populated areas that are depicted in yellow on VFR

sectional charts. Because aerial survey, mapping and inspection work must be accomplished at

relatively low altitudes and at altitudes less than 500 feet AGL, an exemption from Section 91.119(c) is

needed.

The equivalent level of saf ety will be achieved given the size, weight, speed, and material with which

the is built. Also, no ight will be taken without the permission of the land

owner or those who control the land. Because of the advance notice to the landowner, all a ected

individuals will beaware of the ights. Compared to aerial survey operations conducted with

rotorcraft weighing far more than 6 lbs. and carrying ammable fuel, any risk associated with these

operations will be far less than those currently allowed with conventional aircraft operating at or

below 500               Indeed, the  operations of the sUAS will maintain separation

between these sUAS operations and the operations of conventional aircraft that must comply with

Section 91.119.

14 C.F.R. § 91.151(a): Fuel Requirements for Flight in VFR Conditions

                                                                                                             VFR conditions unless
(considering wind and forecast weather conditions) there is enough fuel to y to the rst point of

intended landing and, assuming normal cruising speed ;

1. During the day, to y after that for at least  Or

2. At                                minutes.

The Vision+ batteries provide approximately 50 minutes of powered ight. Without
an exemption from § 14 CFR 91.151, the sUAS's ights would be limited to approximately 20 minutes

in length. Given the limitations on its proposed operations and the location of those proposed
operations, a longer time

Orlando Aerial Videos believes that an exemption from 14 CFR § 91.151(a) is safe and within the
scope of a prior exemption. See Exemption 10673 (allowing Lockheed Martin Corporation to operate

withoutcompliance with 91.151(a)). Operating the sUAS, without 30 minutes of reserve fuel does not

engender the type of risks that Section 91.151(a) was meant to prevent given the size and speed at

which the sUAS operates. The fact that it carries no pilot, passenger, or cargo also enhances its saf ety.

Additionally, limiting               ights to 20 minutes would greatly reduce their utility. In

the unlikely event that the                      should run out of fuel, it would simply land. Given its

weight and construction                                                 regulation.

Orlando Aerial Videos believes that an equivalent level of saf ety can be achieved by maintaining 10
minutes of reserve fuel, which, allowing 40 minutes of ight time, would be more than adequate to

return the sUAS to                                               area.

10808.                                                                                                    and
                                                 13
14 C.F.R. § 91.203 (a) & (b): Carrying Civil Aircraft Certi cation and Registration

1. ... No person may operate a civil aircraft unless it has ... an appropriate and current

     airworthiness certi cate.

2. required by paragraph

     (a) of this section or a special ight authorization issued under §91.715 is

                                                          crew.

3. The                               fully loaded weighs  6 lbs. As such, there is no ability or

     place to carry certi cation and registration documents or to display them on the sUAS. In

     addition, there is no pilot on  aircraft.

An equivalent level of saf ety will be achieved by keeping these documents at the ground control point
where the pilot ying the sUAS will have immediate access to them. The FAA has issued numerous

exemptions to this regulation. A representative sample of other exceptions includes Exemption Nos.
                                                                      10700.

14 C.F.R. § 91.405(a) ; 407(a) (1) ; 409(a) (2) ; 417(a): Maintenance Inspections

Section 91.405(a) requires that an aircraft operator or owner "shall have that aircraft inspected as
                                   of provided in

paragraph (c) of this section, have discrepancies repaired as prescribed in part 43 of this chapter ..."
Section 91.407 similarly makes reference to requirements in Part 43; Section 91.409(a) (2) requires
an annual inspection for the issuance of an air worthiness certi cate. Section 91.417(a) requires
theowner or operator to keep records showing certain maintenance work that has been accomplished
bycerti cated mechanics, under Part 43, or licensed pilots and records of approval of the aircraft
for service.

The                         is nearly maintenance free, it performs automatic pre-  checks and

the failure ofany check will prevent take-o . Checks which cannot be done by the system will be

performed by a quali person prior to each ight and at prede ned intervals as part of the

Ma intenance Schedule in                        1).

Pre          includes:
         1.
                                                                                    station)
         2.
         3.

An equivalent level of saf ety will be achieved because the sUAS is small in size, will carry no external

payload, will operate only in restricted predetermined areas and is not a complex mechanical devise.

As provided in the attached User Guide (System Maintenance section), the operator of Orlando Aerial
Videos will ensure that the sUAS is in working order prior to initiating ight, perform required
maintenance, and keep a log of any maintenance that is performed. Moreover, the operator is the

person most familiar with the aircraft and is best suited to maintain the aircraft in an airworthy

condition and to ensure an           safety.

                                     14
maintenance requirements in Part 91. In addition, any component failure detectable by the system will be
reported tothe control station and will cause the UAV to perform a Fatal Condition Response (FCR) or

                         Response.

Appendix B :
The Phantom 2 Vision+ ushers in a new era of aerial cinematography with its brand new and in stable 3 axis -
gimbal, combined with the sharp, powerful de-signed camera, making professional imaging tools easily accessible
to everyone.

                                       Phantom 2 Vision +

Battery                5200mAh L iPo

Phantom 2 Vision+      1242g (with battery&
       Weight          propellers)

Hover Accuracy (Ready  Vertical:0.8m
           to Fly)     Horizontal:2.5m

                       15
               Max Yaw Angular       200°/s
                     Velocity

                  Max Tilt Angle     35°

               Max Ascent / Descent  Ascent: 6m/s
                         Speed       Descent: 3m/s

                  Max Flight Speed   15m/s(Not Recommended)

                  Diagonal Length    350mm

               Tilting Range of Gimbal Pitch : -90° 0°

        1.     -
        2. 3-
        3.                         ­
        4.                        :-
        5.
        6.                                  0-40 
        7.                                    16
        8.
        9.
        10.
        11.
       12.

TR AN SMITTER

        1.
        2.
        3.
        4.
        5. Wo
        6.

CA MERA

        1.
        2.
        3.
        4.
        5.
RANGE EXTENDER

DJI VISION A PP

Phantom 2 Vision+ Before Flight
           -

Fli ght Environment Requirements  -

   1.

   2.

        compass.

   3.

   4.

   5.
   6.

Pre ight Checklist

   1.
   2.
   3.
   4.

                                     17
    5. Anti-
    6. Ca
    7. Micro-

     8.
     9.
     10.

 DJI Vision A pp Usage

Calibrating the Compass
IM

 Calibration Procedures

                             Wa

                         18
Hints and Tips:

 When to Recalibrate
    1. Wh

     2.
     3.
     4.

 Starting Motors

 Stopping Motors
Method 1: Wh

                      19
Method 2: Wh
                                                                      20
Wa rning:

References:                   -
                                       ef
 Take o / Landing Procedures

     1.
     2.
     3.

    4. Wa

5.                                         for
6.                                                     fo

7.
8.

9.

Important:

1. Wh

2.

3.

Video Suggestions and Tips

1. Wo       ig

2.
3.
4.
5.
6.
7.

Failsafe Function

Hints and Tips:                                                               -
Home Point: Wh                21
1. Wh                          ing

2.
3.

When will Failsafe A ctivate?

   1.
   2.
   3.
   4.

Failsafe Procedure

Ready to Fly (non -GPS) ---- Au tomatic landing

Ready to Fly ---- Au tomatic go home and land
Th

Important:                                                          fe
                                                 22
     1.
     2.
     3.

Hints and Tips:
Failsafe on the DJI VISION A pp

 Regaining Control During Failsafe Procedures

 Low Battery Level Warning Function

                                                                      23
-
                                                           24
References
Max Height & Radius Limits
Ma

                                                                      25
Petition for Exemption Request Under Section 333 of the FAA Reform Act and Part 11 of the FAR

De nitions:
Compliance Version:
Operating Mode:
Mode 1:
Mode 2:
Hints and Tips:

Wa rning:
 The Remote Controller

Pow er on the Remote Controller

                                     -point.

                                 26
Warning:                                            for charge batteries
(

Remote Controller Power LED Status Information

Warning:

                                                27
Charging                          -

 Antenna Orientation

 Remote Controller Operation
Move the Stick:

                              28
29
1. Warning:
                           -

             positioning
Linking the Remote Controller and Receiver

rep

Linking Procedures:

                                            30
Link Indicator
 Compliance Version Con guration

              compliance
                                .

Important:

                                   31
    Wa
    Mo

                -

     1.
     2.

Preparing the Range Extender

of
 Introduction

                                                                      32
SYSTEM Indicator
Shows Wi -Fi status of the Range Extender.

POWER Indicator
Shows power levels of the Range Extender.

Wa rning:                                                  Wi-

Binding Reset Button
Wh
Charging the Range Extender

                                            -

Pow ering on the Range Extend er               i-
    Wa                                                 33
Petition for Exemption Request Under Section 333 of the FAA Reform Act and Part 11 of the FAR
Wa rning:
Checking the Battery Level

                                             Wh

 Renaming the Range Extender SSID

1.
2.

3.

         Wi-

              34
Binding the Phantom 2 Vision+ and Range Extender

Procedures        Wi-
              i-  --

                                                      -

                                                  35
Wa rning:
Important:

            i-

                36
APPENDIX C

SUMMARY OF ORLANDO AERIAL VIDEOS SECTION 3333 EXEMPTION REQUEST

Orlando Aerial Videos                                small unmanned system in market
allow commercial operation of the  regulations:
research, precision aerial

            21 ;

45.23(b) ;

                  (b) ;

61.133(a) ;

91.7(a) ;

91.9(b)           (c) ;

91.103 ;

91.109(a) ;

91.119 ;

91.151(a) ;

                  (b) ;

91.405(a) ;

91.407(a) (1) ;

91.409(a) (2) ;

91.417(a).
