July 31, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12264
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­2103

Mr. Jordan Meyer
Overshot Photography
905 O Avenue
La Grande, OR 97850

Dear Mr. Meyer:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter posted to the public docket on June 8, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation
Administration (FAA) on behalf of Overshot Photography (hereinafter petitioner or operator)
for an exemption. The petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to
conduct aerial photography and video for real estate purposes.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a DJI Phantom 2 Vision +.
                                                                                                                 2

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

· They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

· The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

· A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Overshot Photography is granted an exemption from
14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c),
91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                                                 3

the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Overshot Photography is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom 2
         Vision + when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations
         of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
         must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
         documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
                                                                                                            4

    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.
                                                                                                            5

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.
                                                                                                            6

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

    The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
    nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
    reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
    contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.
                                                                                                                 7

 If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
 television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                      8

This exemption terminates on August 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
Overshot Photography
Attn: Jordan Meyer
905 OAve
La Grande, OR 97850
541-786-9844

Dept. of Transportation
Docket Operations West Building Ground Floor
Room w12140
1200 New Jersey Avenue, SE
Washington, DC 20590

RE: Exemption Request under Section 333 ofthe FAA Reform Act and Part 11 ofthe Federal Aviation
Regulations

Dear Sir or Madam,
Pursuant to Section 333 ofthe FAA Modernization and Reform Act of2012 (the "Reform Act") and 14
C.F.R. Part 11, Overshot Photography (SP) seeks an exemption from Federal Aviation Regulations
("FARs") detailed below for the following described Unmanned Aerial System called in this application
the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+, which includes an Unmanned Aircraft System (UAS) and ground station-
based equipment and crew

THE UNMANNED AIRCRAFT SYSTEM (UAS):
· A lightweight (2.7lb gross weight with all onboard equipment), battery operated 4motor rotorcraft: that
takes off and lands vertically, manufactured by DJI, Model Phantom Vision Plus 2, to carry the following
equipment in flight;
· An onboard flight computer with GPS navigation and location ability that receives signals for flight
controls from a groundbased transmitter/controller;
· An onboard camera capable of capturing imagery in the form of full color, high definition still photos
and video;
· An onboard telemetry system that delivers flight data from the onboard flight computer to the onboard
radio transmitter including altitude AGL, horizontal and vertical speed, compass direction of flight and
direction back to its launch site;
· A 600mW, 5.8GHz onboard radio transmitter that transmits live video from the onboard camera plus all
the flight data from the telemetry system described above;

THE GROUND STATIONBASED PART OF THE SYSTEM:
· A Pilot in Command (PIC) in operational control of a flight operation from beginning to end and who
controls the UA while in the air;
· A 100mW, 2.4GHz radio transmitter/controller operated by the PIC to control the UA while in flight;
· A radio receiver receiving live video and flight data from the onboard camera and computer projects it
all together onto a screen for the PIC to view during flight;
· A Visual Observer (VO) who provides a second pair of eyes to visually track the UA while in flight.

The requested exemption would support an application for a commercial Certificate of Authorization to
use the above described UAS to support aerial photography and video primarily of real property,
specifically individual properties of at least two acres in size (equivalent to a square 295 feet/side). The
UAS, powered by batteries, is smaller, lighter and more maneuverable than larger aircraft running on
combustible fuel, it operates at lower altitudes with no people on board and will thereby reduce current
risk levels and thereby enhance safety and diminish the likelihood of death or serious bodily injury. With
a small payload and maximum flight time of only 20 minutes, this is offers little or no risk to national
security. Low level oblique photos and video from several angles are far more effective than groundbased
imagery for displaying the characteristics of large, complex properties with several buildings and large
trees. Helicopters can be used, but they are more expensive to and not able to fly as low. The benefits of
reduced cost and improved quality of presentation from the UA will be valuable to and benefit many
buyers and sellers of real property.

Additionally, we request that we be allowed to use our system to benefit first responders nearby who
might require assistance, including fire fighters, the police, the sheriff, FEMA, et al., while remaining
subject to all limitations cited in this application as we do so.

The UAS will be operated in the field with both a PIC and aVO in accordance with FAA Policy N
8900.227 Section 14 "Operational Requirements for UAS" and with the following Restrictions:
(a) No flight will be made with a UA Gross weight exceeding 55 pounds;
(b) All operations must occur in FAA Class G airspace at no more than 400 ft AGL, at an airspeed of no
more than 25 knots and no further than 3/4 NM from the PIC; '
(c) All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The VO and PIC must be able to communicate by
voice at all times during a flight operation;
(d) Operations will be restricted to flights over private property with the permission of the property
owner;
(e) The PIC must have accumulated and logged, in a manner consistent with 14 CFR § 61.51 (b), a
minimum of 100 flight cycles and 25 hours of total time as a UA rotorcraft pilot and at least ten hours
logged as a UA pilot with a similar UA type;
(f) All required permits will be obtained from state and local government prior to operation;
(g) The UAS will not be operated over densely populated areas;
(h) The UAS will not be operated at air shows;
(i) The UAS will not be operated over any open air assembly of people;
(j) The UAS will not be operated over heavily trafficked roads;
(k) The UAS will not be operated within 5 NM of an airport or heliport;
(1) The UAS will not be operated over properties smaller than two acres in size;
(m) Operations will be restricted to day only and weather conditions equivalent to VFR;
(n) The PIC will brief the VO and property owner about the operation and risk before the first flight at
each new location;
(o) No flight may be made without a preflight Inspection by the PIC before each operation to ascertain
that the UA is in a condition safe for flight (see Appendix A).

The PIC and VO will meet the requirements outlined in FAA Policy N 8900.227 Section 16 personnel
Qualifications. Additionally, the PIC and VO will perform maintenance on the system and \vill complete
a course of maintenance instruction as part oftheir initial training.

We submit that the combination of the UA's light weight, flight performance and ability, fully qualified
flight crew and strict operation under the guidelines established in 8900.227, and under all ofthe
Restrictions (a) through (o) listed above, the FAA can have full confidence that the operation will have an
equivalent or greater level of safety than manned aircraft performing the same mission.
     The name and contact information ofthe applicant is.

     Overshot Photography
     Attn: Jordan Meyer
     Phone: 541-786-9844
     Email: Jordan.Mever@overshotphoto.com

     The regulations from which the exemption is requested are listed below. Beside each regulation number is
     the page of the attached Addendum upon which each may be found together with our proposed equivalent
     level of safety for each regulation:
     · 14 CFR Part 21.. ...............................Addendum Page 1
     · 14 CFR 91.203 .................................Addendum Page 1
     · 14 CFR45.23, 45.29 ..........................Addendum Page 2
     · 14 CFR 91.9 ....................................Addendum Page 2
     · 14 CFR 61.113, 61.133 .......................Addendum Page 3
     · 14 CFR 91.109, 91.119, 91.121.. ............Addendum Page 3-4
     · 14 CFR 91.151.. ...............................Addendum Page 4
     · 14 CFRSubpartE (91.401 91.417) ...... Addendum Page 4
     · FAA Policy 8900.227 Paragraph 16(c)(4) and Paragraph 16(e)(1) ... Addendum Page 5

     We are prepared to modify or amend any part of this request to satisfy the need for an equivalent level of
     safety. Please contact us at any time if you require additional information or clarification. We look
     forward to working with your office.

     Sincerely,

ou-r
     Jordan Meyer
     Owner - Overshot Photography

     The Following are included.

     Addendum containing Exemption Requests and Equivalent Level of Safety

     Appendix A - Preflight Inspection & Emergency Procedures

     Appendix B - Owner's Manual for UAS
/·

                     Addendum

                         EXEMPTION REQUESTS AND EQUIVALENT LEVEL OF SAFETY

     Overshot Photography requests an exemption from the following regulations as well as any additional
     regulations that may technically apply to the operation ofthe UAS:

      14 CFR Part 21, Subpart H: Airworthiness Certificates
      This part establishes the procedures for the issuance of an airworthiness certificate. While the FAA
     continues to work to develop airworthiness standards for Unmanned Aerial Systems, we request an
     experimental certificate be issued for the UAS under either or both ofthe following provisions:
     21.191 Experimental certificates. Experimental certificates are issued for the following purposes:

                (a) Research and development.Testing new aircraft design concepts, new aircraft equipment, new
                aircraft installations, new aircraft operating techniques, or new uses for aircraft.
                (b) Showing compliance with regulations.Conducting flight tests and other operations to show
                compliance with the airworthiness regulations including flights to show compliance for issuance
                oftype and supplemental type certificates, flights to substantiate major design changes, and
                flights to show compliance with the function and reliability requirements ofthe regulations.
     Since the experimental certificate can be used for commercial purposes such as market surveys, sales
      demonstrations, and customer crew training, we would expect that an experimental certificate would
     permit our commercial purpose as well.
      The aircraft will not carry persons or property, will not carry fuel, and will only fly under strict
      operational requirements. Combined with the UA's light weight, being constructed primarily of carbon
      fiber and plastic, we propose that the UA will be at least as safe, if not safer, than a conventionally
     certificated aircraft performing the same mission. If an experimental airworthiness certificate is not
      appropriate for this application, then we request an exemption of 14 CFR Part 21, Subpart H, and the
      requirement for an airworthiness certificate in general, citing the equivalent level of safety outlined in the
      previous paragraph.

      14 CFR 91.203(a) & (b) Civil aircraft: Certifications required.
      The regulation provides that an airworthiness certificate, with the registration number assigned to the
      aircraft and a registration certificate must be aboard the aircraft. Additionally, subparagraph (b) provides
that the airworthiness certificate be "displayed at the cabin or cockpit entrance so that it is legible to
passengers or crew." At a maximum gross weight of2.7 pounds, the UA is too small to carry
documentation, does not have an entrance, and is not capable of carrying passengers or crew. To obtain an
equivalent level of safety and meet the intent of 91.203, we propose that documents deemed appropriate
for tllis aircraft by the FAA will be in possession ofthe crew at the ground control station and available
for inspection upon request. In order to identify the aircraft, we propose that the information found on
airworthiness and registration certificates be permanently affixed to the aircraft via placard containing the
following information plus the word "EXPERIMENTAL" to satisfy the requirement of 14 CFR 45.23,
which follows immediately after the proposed placard description below:

          EXPERIMENTAL

          Manufacturer: DJI Innovations, Inc. 55 South A Street Suite 110 Pensacola, FL 32502

          Model: Phantom Vision 2 Plus

          If found please contact: (541)786-9844

14 CFR 45.23 Display of marks; general and 45.29 Size of marks.

These regulations provide that each aircraft must display "N" and the aircraft's registration number in
letters at least 3 inches high. Additionally, the aircraft must display the word "EXPERIMENTAL" in
letters at least 2 inches high near the entrance to the cabin, cockpit, or pilot station. The UA does not have
an entrance in which the word "EXPERIMENTAL" can be placed, and may not have a registration
number assigned to it by the FAA. We propose to achieve an equivalent level of safety by including the
word "EXPERIMENTAL" in the placard on the top ofthe aircraft, as shown above, where the PIC, VO
and others in the vicinity ofthe aircraft while it is preparing for launch will be able to see the designation.
Additionally, we feel that the permanent placard discussed in the previous paragraph will provide the
aircraft's registration information at the ground station. Finally, we wi.ll display at the ground station a
high contrast flag or banner that contains the words "Unmanned Aircraft Ground Station" in letters 3
inches high or greater. Since the aircraft wi.ll operate within 3/4 NM ofthe ground station, the banner
should be visible to anyone that observes the aircraft and chooses to investigate its point of origin.

14 CFR 91.9 Civil aircraft flight manual, marking, and placard requirements.

This regulation provides that no person may operate an aircraft unless a current, approved flight manual is
in the aircraft. We assume that the intent ofthis requirement is to ensure that flight manual information is
available to the aircrew while operating the aircraft. We request an exemption to this requirement since
the aircraft is not only too small to carry documentation, the documentation would not be available to the
crew during flight operations. To obtain an equivalent level of safety and meet the intent of91.9, we
propose that a current, approved UA Flight Manual (Appendix A) must be available to the crew at the
ground station anytime the aircraft is in, or preparing for, flight.
14 CFR 61.113 Private pilot privileges and limitations: Pilot in Command and 61.133 Commercial
pilot privileges and limitations.

The regulation provides that no person that holds a private pilot certificate may act as pilot in command of
an aircraft for compensation or hire. Subparagraph (b) allows a private pilot to act as pilot in command of
an aircraft in connection with any business or employment if: (1) The flight is only incidental to that
business or employment; and (2) The aircraft does not carry passengers or property for compensation or
hire. Our proposed operations require that the PIC must either

          1. Hold a Commercial Pilot Certificate issued by the FAA, and have logged 25 hours of flight
          experience in this type of UA, or

          2. Meet the requirements of 8900.227 para 16(c)(2)(c) "Operations without a pilot certificate" in
          which the PIC is required to complete "FAA private pilot ground instruction" and pass "the FAA
          Private Pilot ·written examination."

Since there are currently no means available for the pilot of a UAS to gain the experience in an equivalent
category and class in order to apply for a commercial pilot's license, we propose to generate an equivalent
level of safety by requiring our pilots to complete a minimum of 100 logged hours ofUAS flight time.
Since the aircraft cannot carry passengers or property, we feel we meet the intent of 61.113 Subparagraph
(b) even though the intent of this application is to conduct a business.

14 CFR 91.109 Flight Instruction; Simulated instrument flight and certain flight tests

The regulation states that "No person may operate a civil aircraft that is being used for flight instruction
unless that aircraft has fully functioning dual controls." The UAS ground-based control station consists of
a small handheld radio transmitter and while it does not offer a second set of "controls", both the student
and instructor can, and will, operate the single set of controls simultaneously. With both student and
instructor having "hands-on" the controls during flight, we feel that this technique meets the intent 91.109
and provides an equivalent level of safety.

14 CFR 91.119 Minimum safe altitudes: General.

The regulation states that over sparsely populated areas the aircraft cannot be operated closer than 500
feet to any person, vessel, vehicle, or structure. Since the aircraft will be operating at a maximum of 400
feet AGL, we cannot comply with this requirement. In order to provide an equivalent level of safety we
will only fly over private property with a size of at least two acres with the permission ofthe owner of the
property flown over. The aircraft will not be operated over congested areas or over any open air assembly
of persons. The property owner will be briefed on the expected route of flight and the associated risks to
persons and property on the ground. The aircraft will be operated at a low altitude allowing, if a power
unit fails, an emergency landing \vithout undue hazard to persons or property on the surface. Therefore we
maintain that due to the small size of the UA, the hazard to persons, vehicles and structures is minimal
compared to manned aircraft, which should be considered in granting the exemption.

14 CFR 91.121 Altimeter settings.

The regulation requires that aircraft shall maintain cruising altitudes by reference to an altimeter setting
available within 100 NM ofthe aircraft. The UA will always fly below 400 feet AGL and will not need to
maintain cruising altitudes in order to prevent conflict with other aircraft. An Above Ground Level
altimeter measurement above the takeoff point is transmitted via radio from the UA onboard computer to
the display screen held by the PIC, providing a constantly updated AGL readout.

14 CFR 91.151 Fuel requirements for flight in VFR conditions.

The regulation provides that no person may begin a flight in an airplane under day VFR conditions unless
there is enough fuel to fly to the first point of intended landing and to fly after that for at least 30 minutes.
We feel the intention oftl1is paragraph is to provide an energy reserve as a safety buffer for delays to
landing. The UAS is battery operated and the maximum duration of flight from a single battery charge is
18 minutes with a 20% reserve. Since the aircraft will never fly more than % NM from the point of
intended landing, a full battery charge at launch will ensure that we meet the reserve energy requirement
ofthis paragraph. We request an exemption to the word "fuel" and ask for an equivalent interpretation
with the word "energy".

14 CFR Subpart E (91.401 91.417) Maintenance, Preventive Maintenance, Alterations

The regulation provides that the operator is primarily responsible for maintaining the aircraft in an
airworthy condition, including compliance with part 39 and 43. Paragraphs 91.407 and 91.409 require that
tl1e aircraft be "approved for return to service by a person authorized under 43.7" after maintenance and
inspection. It is our intention that the PIC perform maintenance and inspection of the aircraft and "be
authorized to approve the aircraft for return to service." As provided in the PreFlight Checklist in
Appendix A, the PIC will ensure that the aircraft is in an airworthy condition prior to every flight and in
addition conduct detailed inspections after every two hours of flight. Maintenance performed by the PIC
is limited to repairing small cracks, replacing a propeller, checking electrical connections and updating
software and firmware for tl1e onboard computer. All other maintenance will be performed by the
manufacturer or their designated repair facility. The PIC will document work performed in accordance
with 91.417. We feel that due to the size, construction, and simplicity ofthe aircraft, the PIC can ensure
an equivalent level of safety.
~!I

 _c::pvc::=_~§!::lg~-r
      ?HDTCJG;::;;;!:/'\.?HY

FAA 8900.227 Paragraph 16(c)(4) PIC Medical. and Paragraph 16(e)(l) Observer Medical.

This policy provides that both the PIC and VO must have a valid FAA secondclass medical certificate
issued under part 67 in order to perform as a pilot or observer. The UA maximum gross weight is 2.7
pounds, it is constructed of carbon fiber and plastic and the PIC is not on board. Both the PIC and the VO
are required to be in VLOS. Given the unlikely event that both the PIC and VO become medically
incapacitated while the aircraft is in flight, the UA will return autonomously to the site of launching and
land without crew intervention. Therefore, requiring the PIC and VO to meet the same medical
requirements as a commercial pilot carrying passengers in a large aircraft is an unnecessary burden. We
propose that the minimum medical requirements for the PIC and VO be vision corrected to 20/20 and a
valid, state issued driver's license. The 20/20 vision requirement will ensure that the PIC and VO can see
and avoid air traffic; a licensed driver is medically qualified to operate a much larger vehicle.

                       APPENDIX A- FLIGHT MANUAL FLIGHT RESTRICTIONS
(a) No flight will be made with a UA Gross weight exceeding 55 pounds;
(b) All operations must occur in FAA Class G airspace at no more than 400' AGL, at an airspeed of no
more than 25 knots and no further than 3/4 NM from the PIC;

(c) All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The VO and PIC must be able to communicate
verbally at all times during a flight operation;

(d) Operations will be restricted to flights over private property with the permission of the property
owner;
(e) The PIC must have accumulated and logged, in a manner consistent with 14 CFR § 61.51

          (1), a minimum of 100 flight cycles and 25 hours of total time as a UA rotorcraft pilot and at least
          ten hours logged as a UA pilot with a similar UA type;
(f) All required permits will be obtained from state and local government prior to operation;

(g) The UAS will not be operated over densely populated areas;
(h) The UAS will not be operated at air shows;
(i) The UAS will not be operated over any open air assembly of people;
(j) The UAS will not be operated over heavily trafficked roads;
(k) The UAS will not be operated within 5 NM of an airport or heliport;
(I) The UAS will not be operated over properties smaller than two acres in size;

(m) Operations will be restricted to day only and weather conditions equivalent to VFR;
(n) The PIC will briefthe VO and property owner about the operation and risk before the first flight at
each new location;
(o) No flight may be made without a successful PreFlight Inspection by the PIC before each operation to
ascertain that the VA is in a condition safe for flight.

                                               PREFLIGHT CHECKLIST

(1) Use voltmeter to determine that UA battery is fully charged in order to prevent unexpected premature
descent;

(2) Check all wiring connections are tight;

(3) Check all propellers are undamaged and no cracks exist in any structural members of the VA;

(4) Turn on radio controller, check for adequate voltage, set it to com1ect to the VA, move all control
switches to forward or dmw position and throttle control stick full back position;

(5) Connect VA main battery, check for radio contact with UA's radio receiver;

(6) At a location different from previous flight, reset GPS and compass to current location;

(7) Tum on transmitter, gimbal and camera.

                         TO REGAIN CONTROL AFTER LOST RADIO CONTACT
1. Failsafe= ON
2. Throttle= 50%
3. Mode=ATTI
4. Failsafe= OFF
5. Mode=GPS
If radio contact is not restored, the VA will automatically continue at 60 ft above its last elevation before
losing contact toward its takeoff point, then descend and land there autonomously
