August 27, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12638
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA-2015-2424

Mr. Julian T. Ross
OxySure Systems, Inc.
10880 John W. Elliott Drive, #600
Frisco, TX 75033

Dear Mr. Ross:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated June 1, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of OxySure Systems, Inc. (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption. The
petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct aerial imagery,
recovery, search and rescue, and humanitarian relief efforts.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner are the DJI Inspire 1, DJI Phantom 2, DJI Phantom 2
Vision, DJI S900 and DJI S1000+.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
                                                                                                                 2

consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

· They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

· The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

· A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, OxySure Systems, Inc. is granted an exemption from
14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c),
91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to
the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                             3

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, OxySure Systems, Inc. is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Inspire 1, DJI
    Phantom 2, DJI Phantom 2 Vision, DJI S900 and DJI S1000+ when weighing less
    than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any other aircraft will
    require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
    not permitted.

3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
    exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
    compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
    airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
    aircraft manufacturer.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
    electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
    must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
    required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
                                                                                                            4

    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.
                                                                                                            5

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.
                                                                                                            6

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

    The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
    nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
    reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
    contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.
                                                                                                                 7

 If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
 television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                                                 8
This exemption terminates on September 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.
Sincerely,
/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
June 1, 2015

U. S. Department of Transportation
Docket Management System
1200 New Jersey Ave., SE
Washington, DC 20590

Dear Sir or Madam:

Re: Exemption Request under Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act and
14 C.F.R. Part 11

Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (the Reform Act)
and 14 C.F.R. Part 11, OxySure Systems, Inc. (Applicant) a Delaware corporation, seeks an
exemption from the Federal Aviation Regulations (FARs) listed and discussed in Appendix A in
order to allow for the operation of small Unmanned Aircraft System (sUAS) under the conditions
and limitations set forth in this application for Petition.

The operation / mission of this Petition involve aerial operations in support of emergency
response and services, disaster response and recovery, search and rescue, and humanitarian relief
efforts.

The requested exemption would permit the operation of small, unmanned and relatively
inexpensive sUASs under controlled conditions in airspace that (1) is limited, (2) is
predetermined, and (3) would provide safety enhancements to First Responders on the front lines
in our communities. Other highly effective uses of sUAS endeavors include response to
humanitarian relief efforts, emergency and disaster response, and Search & Rescue (SAR)
operations. Providing a clear visual from a low altitude flight is extremely valuable with respect
to emergency response and SAR missions. Low altitude real-time imagery assists with locating
people, locating emergency situations, delivering much-needed emergency supplies quickly as an
easily detachable payload (including medical emergency supplies), recognizing and identifying
critically affected areas, locating safety zones and increasing situational awareness of identified
risks and hazards, resulting in more efficient, decisive and effective response plans. Such
planning assists to minimize reaction time and increase the probability of the best outcome for
the situation ­ without increasing risk to human lives and property.

Approval of this exemption would thereby enhance safety and fulfill the FAA Administrator's
responsibilities to "...establish requirements for the safe operation of such aircraft systems in the
national airspace system." Section 333(c) of the Reform Act.

The name and address of the applicant is:
OxySure Systems, Inc.
Attn: Julian T. Ross
Telephone: (972) 294-6450
Email: drone@oxysure.com

                                                                 OxySure Systems, Inc.
                                               10880 John W. Elliott Drive #600, Frisco, TX 75033
                                      1-888-7OXYSURE | (+1) 972-294-6450 | Fax (+1) -972-294-6501

                                                                   www.oxysure.com
Address: 10880 John W. Elliott Drive #600, Frisco, TX 75033

Regulations from which the exemption is requested:

14 CFR Part 21
14 C.F.R. § 45.23(b)
14 CFR § 61.3
14 C.F.R. § 91.7 (a)
14 CFR § 91.9 (b) (2)
14 C.F.R. § 91.103
14 C.F.R. § 91.109
14 C.F. R. § 91.119
14 C.F.R. § 91.121
14 CFR § 91.151 (a)
14 CFR § 91.203 (a) & (b)
14 CFR § 91.205(b)
14 CFR § 91.215
14 CFR § 91.405 (a)
14 CFR § 407 (a) (1)
14 CFR § 409 (a) (2)
14 CFR § 417 (a) & (b) 3

Appendix 1 describes the FARs from which an exemption is requested and summarizes the
justification for each requested exemption.

The Petition is submitted to fulfill Congress' goal under Section 333(a) through (c) of the
Reform Act, which directs the Secretary of Transportation to consider whether certain unmanned
aircraft systems may operate safely in the national airspace system (NAS) before completion of
the rulemaking required under Section 332 of the Reform Act. In making this determination, the
Administrator must determine which types of UASs do not create a hazard to users of the NAS
or the public or pose a threat to national security in light of the following:

· The UAS's size, weight, speed, and operational capability;
· Operation of the UAS in close proximity to airports and populated areas; and
· Operation of the UAS within visual line of sight of the operator.

Reform Act § 333 (a).

If the Administrator determines that such vehicles "may operate safely in the national airspace
system, the Secretary shall establish requirements for the safe operation of such aircraft in the
national airspace system." Id. § 333(c).

The Secretary has delegated his aviation authority to the Administrator of the FAA.

The Federal Aviation Act expressly grants the FAA the authority to grant exemptions from its
regulatory requirements for civil aircraft, a term defined under §40101 of the Act, which includes
sUASs. The Administrator may grant an exemption from a requirement of a regulation
prescribed under subsection (a) or (b) of this section or any sections 44702-44716 of the Federal
Aviation Act if Administrator finds the exemption in the public interest. 49 U.S.C. § 44701(f)
See also 49 USC § 44711(a); 49 USC § 44704; 14 CFR §91.203 (a) (1).

                                                                 OxySure Systems, Inc.
                                               10880 John W. Elliott Drive #600, Frisco, TX 75033
                                      1-888-7OXYSURE | (+1) 972-294-6450 | Fax (+1) -972-294-6501

                                                                   www.oxysure.com
The Petitioner is OxySure Systems, Inc. ("OxySure"), a company founded in January 2004.
OxySure was founded upon the goal of improving emergency outcomes, including medical,
natural and civil emergencies through the use of technology and innovation. Petitioner has
developed and commercialized products aimed at lay rescuers as well as professional first
responders. For example, one such product allows lay rescuers to render medical assistance to a
person suffering a medical emergency easily and safely, prior to the arrival of professional first
responders. Through innovation and technology, OxySure has focused on products designed to
"bridge the gap" (which is the time it takes for first responders to arrive on the scene, and can
vary widely based on city, traffic conditions, time of day and so forth) between the onset of a
medical emergency and the arrival on the scene of professional first responders. Automated
External Defibrillators (AEDs) is another example of such a product designed to "bridge the
gap," In most emergencies, and medical emergencies in particular, time is of the utmost essence.
Every second counts. That is why "bridging the gap" is a theme OxySure has been very focused
on, as it can mean the difference between life and death, or it can mean the difference between a
good medical outcome, and an outcome that is undesirable (such as an outcome that involves a
loss of quality of life). More generally, OxySure operates in and is well versed in medical
emergency equipment and management, commercial as well as military, and first response
markets (both lay responders and professional responders).

The Petitioner has formulated a business plan to provide Emergency Management and Response
operations and support in medical, natural and civil emergency situations, and to Local, State and
Federal entities. The plan is to use small drones for Emergency & Disaster Response, SAR
(Search & Rescue), and Hazmat/CBRN Management. When responding to an emergency, one of
the priorities is to understand how the most critical areas are affected and where they are situated
­ before putting any more human lives in danger.

The unmanned Drone platform puts the power of aerial intelligence directly into the hands of the
first responders. In many instances, drones can also get to an emergency situation faster because
they can fly in straight lines and avoid traffic situations. If the emergency is of a medical nature,
then by carrying a payload (at no time shall the sUAS and payload together exceed 55 pounds)
such as an AED to the scene of a medical emergency, time and lives can be saved. In such
instances, the unmanned Drone can shrink the "gap" ­ and medical outcomes can be improved
and lives can be saved. Further, real-time video streaming can provide navigation and guidance
and also show not only the extent of the damage, but may also warn responders of additional
hazards. Geo-tagged digital photographs provide an aerial record of the on-ground situation
completely untouched. It is very improbable for First Responders to acquire, stay trained up on
and be on the leading edge of technology with regards to UASs due to turnover and other
training requirements that take priority.

Vehicle

     UAS will weigh typically less than 15 lbs., and always less than 55 lbs (including
         payload, if applicable).

     UAS will operate at a maximum speed of no greater than 30 knots.
     UAS will operate at or below 400ft AGL.
     UAS shall not be operated within 5 miles of an airport without prior approval of, or

         establishing a line of communication for the duration of the flight operations with the
         controlling authority of that airspace/airport.
     UAS will follow pre-determined flight lines over the mission area conducted via
         automated navigational flight software.

                                                                 OxySure Systems, Inc.
                                               10880 John W. Elliott Drive #600, Frisco, TX 75033
                                      1-888-7OXYSURE | (+1) 972-294-6450 | Fax (+1) -972-294-6501

                                                                   www.oxysure.com
     UAS will be operated under visibility and cloud clearance requirements equivalent to
         Visual Flight Rules (VFR).

     UAS will be equipped with an autopilot system. UAS will utilize GPS navigation,
         systematic pre-flight checks, and failover safety mechanisms such as return-to-home
         (RTH), auto-land, loiter and flight abort safety features.

Examples of vehicles that the Petitioner will use include DJI Inspire 1s, DJI Phantom 2s, and DJI
Phantom 2 Visions, equipped with a three-axis gimbal and camera, and other sensors and
equipment that will provide for better situational awareness during emergency response
situations, as well as SAR and disaster response missions. If the mission involves additional
payload such as emergency supplies (in addition to communications and video equipment) then
examples of vehicles include the DJI S900 and DJI S1000+ models.

These vehicles have the built in capability to limit the height they fly above the ground, to limit
the radius of the distance they fly from the operator, and to exclude them from class B, C, and D
airspace as well any TFR's (Temporary Flight Restricted) areas. The vehicles also have the built-
in capability to return to the launching point if the wireless control link is interrupted or if the
operator attempts to exceed any of the height, radius, or airspace limitations programmed into
them. The vehicles typically have four fixed-pitch rotors (the DJI S900 and DJI S1000+ models
have 8 rotors), thrust from which is varied by changing RPM. They are generally powered by
lithium polymer smart batteries.

Pertaining to Flight Operations

     Risk assessment evaluation for safe site operations and flight conditions before each mission.
     Prior to a UAS flight, an area of operation will be established. This area of operation will include

         a defined lateral and vertical area, where the UAS will operate. Safety procedures will be
         established for persons, property and applicable airspace within the area of operation.
     Flights will be operated in Class G airspace whenever possible.
     See and avoid: If at any time the operator see or hears another aircraft and it appears that aircraft
         may come within one (1) mile of the sUAS, or it is questionable whether or not it will do so, the
         PIC shall immediately descend the sUAS and direct it on a heading toward the designated landing
         area, or alternate landing area if necessary, until the sUAS has landed or it is determined the other
         aircraft has maintained a separation of one (1) mile.
     The sUAS shall operate from on-site launch/landing locations directly next to the PIC and GCS
         crew.
     Flight planning will include flight completion with at least 25% battery power remaining as
         measured by the UAS or appropriate flight time planning.
     A Ground Control Station (GCS) will be connected by radio communication to the UAS during
         the entire flight operation. Flight information relayed to the PIC will include UAS GPS position,
         altitude, speed, compass heading/bearing, aircraft angle of attack, flight time, battery power
         remaining, and other telemetry information.

Public interest

Granting the petition would be in the public interest because:

1. The Congress of the United States has determined that early accommodation of sUAS into the
National Airspace System advances the public interest. The Committee Report leading the House
to adopt H.R. 658 said:

                                                                 OxySure Systems, Inc.
                                               10880 John W. Elliott Drive #600, Frisco, TX 75033
                                      1-888-7OXYSURE | (+1) 972-294-6450 | Fax (+1) -972-294-6501

                                                                   www.oxysure.com
"The successful integration of unmanned aircraft systems (UAS) into the National Airspace
System (NAS) can support more than 23,000 high-paying jobs in the United States. . . . The
absence of a plan to integrate UASs into the NAS is a barrier to such job creation . . . ."1

Granting the Petition represents a step toward such integration, in the absence of a
comprehensive regulatory regime for sUAS, and thus would serve the Congressional goal and
the public interest.

2. Granting the Petition will facilitate a new era in Emergency Response activities, one in which
the responders themselves have a tool to safely, quickly and remotely assess and access a
situation without placing lives in harm's way. In comparison, the EOD robots have saved
countless lives since their inception, a feat that will become common place for aerial
assessments.

3. Granting the Petition will enable Petitioner to demonstrate the commercial viability of creating
new safety techniques and tactics with new aeronautical technology, thereby improving the
efficiency of Emergency Responders around the world and making for a safer society.

4. Granting the Petition will fulfill the FAA's own declaration that encouraging new aviation
technologies advances the public interest. The FAA itself has recognized the public interest in its
role of "Encouraging and developing civil aeronautics, including new aviation technology."2
Granting the Petition will enhance FAA fulfillment of that commitment, thereby serving the
public interest. Air commerce flourishes in the United States because of the rapid pace of
innovation in aeronautical and associated technologies, followed by their commercialization and
their introduction into the marketplace. The drone technology that the Petitioner uses exemplifies
the latest innovative leap forward in aeronautical technology. Preventing the use of this
technology in air commerce subverts achievement of the goal.

5. Granting the Petition will fulfill the Congressional determination that integrating sUAS
technology into the NAS serves the public interest. Section 330 of the FAA Modernization and
Reform Act of 2012, specifically recognizes the advantages to air commerce obtainable from the
deployment of sUAS technologies. It mandated several steps by the FAA to accelerate the
availability of these technologies in the National Airspace System, thereby representing a
congressional determination that the public interest is served by making these technologies more
widely available at the earliest practicable date.

The Petition represents a way for the FAA to move incrementally, while still satisfying its
congressional mandate and meeting its obligation to enhance the public interest by making new
technologies available by allowing the use of sUAS technologies in a manner that protects the
public and the rest of the aviation community from significant risk.

The commercial activities by Petitioner proposed in the Petition represent contributions to new
forms of air commerce, thereby fulfilling the FAA's statutory mandate under the 2012 Act.

1. H. R. Rep. 112-29 on H.R. 658, 112th Cong., 1st Sess. at 116. The House-Senate Conference Committee on the FAA
Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 recommended amendments to H.R. 658 in lieu of amendments adopted by the Senate.
Conference Report to Accompany H.R. 658, H.R. Rep. 112-381, 112th Cong., 2d Sess., at p. 1 (Feb. 1, 2012).

2. FAA, Safety: The Foundation of Everything We Do, http://www.faa.gov/about/safety_efficiency/.

                                                                 OxySure Systems, Inc.
                                               10880 John W. Elliott Drive #600, Frisco, TX 75033
                                      1-888-7OXYSURE | (+1) 972-294-6450 | Fax (+1) -972-294-6501

                                                                   www.oxysure.com
6. Granting the Petition will improve outcomes in many emergency situations by reducing the
time it takes to deliver much needed emergency equipment or supplies, including emergency
medical equipment and supplies, quickly and efficiently. In doing so, lives may also be saved,
and/or outcomes may be improved.
7. Granting the Petition will enhance aviation safety, thereby advancing the public interest. The
Petitioner has committed itself in the Petition to safety practices that reduce or eliminate hazards
to aircraft in the National Airspace System and to persons and property on the ground. Granting
the Petition will offer the Petitioner up as an example of how the FAA is willing to accommodate
the new technology when it is constrained by appropriate limitations to enhance safety. It will
also allow the Petitioner to be a role model for safe commercial sUAS operations, especially as it
specifically relates to emergency and disaster response.
In summary, it is the Petitioner's belief that the size, weight, speed, operating environment, and
operating capabilities of each UAS will provide an "equivalent level of safety" or better when
operating for commercial and public interest as outlined in Section 333 of the Reform Act.
Petitioner appreciates the time and consideration devoted to this request for exemption to permit
safe, legal commercial UAS operations within the NAS.

Respectfully submitted,
/s/ Julian T. Ross
OxySure Systems, Inc.

                                                                 OxySure Systems, Inc.
                                               10880 John W. Elliott Drive #600, Frisco, TX 75033
                                      1-888-7OXYSURE | (+1) 972-294-6450 | Fax (+1) -972-294-6501

                                                                   www.oxysure.com
FAR section                           APPENDIX A           Justification
14 CFR § 45.23(b)                                          Insufficient space on vehicle
14 CFR § 61.3              Subject
                           Requirement to display          Part 61 requirements designed
14 CFR § 91.7 (a)          registration number on vehicle  for manned aircraft, not sUAS;
                           Requirement for pilot           petition describes training for
14 CFR § 91.9 (b) (2)      certificate                     sUAS operator
14 CFR § 91.103(b)                                         Designed for manned aircraft;
14 CFR § 91.109            Airworthiness requirement       not suitable for off-the-shelf
14 CFR § 91.119                                            sUAS
14 CFR § 91.121            Requirement for manual to be    No one aboard to read manual
14 CFR § 91.203 (a) & (b)  available in the cockpit
                           Requirement for crew            Unmanned vehicle
14 CFR § 91.205(b)         members to be onboard
14 CFR § 45.23(b)          Requirement for dual controls   No one aboard to operate
14 CFR Part 21             during flight instruction       controls
                           Minimum altitudes for safe      Safety requires operation
14 CFR § 61.3              flight                          below these altitudes
                           Altimeter settings              No one aboard to read
14 CFR § 91.7 (a)                                          altimeter
                           Requirement for registration    No one aboard to read
14 CFR § 91.9 (b) (2)      and airworthiness certificates  certificates
14 CFR § 91.103(b)         to be onboard
14 CFR § 91.109            Cockpit instruments             No one aboard to read
14 CFR § 91.119            Requirement to display          Insufficient space on vehicle
14 CFR § 91.121            registration number on vehicle
14 CFR § 91.151(a)         Aircraft certification          Designed for manned aircraft;
                           requirements and procedures     not suitable for off-the-shelf
14 CFR § 91.205(b)                                         sUAS
                           Requirement for pilot           Part 61 requirements designed
                           certificate                     for manned aircraft, not sUAS;
                                                           petition describes training for
                           Airworthiness requirement       sUAS operator
                                                           Designed for manned aircraft;
                           Requirement for manual to be    not suitable for off-the-shelf
                           available in the cockpit        sUAS
                           Requirement for crew            No one aboard to read manual
                           members to be onboard
                           Requirement for dual controls   Unmanned vehicle
                           during flight instruction
                           Minimum altitudes for safe      No one aboard to operate
                           flight                          controls
                           Altimeter settings              Safety requires operation
                                                           below these altitudes
                           Requirement for registration    No one aboard to read
                           and airworthiness certificates  altimeter
                           to be onboard                   No one aboard to read
                           Cockpit instruments             certificates

                                                           No one aboard to read

                          OxySure Systems, Inc.
         10880 John W. Elliott Drive #600, Frisco, TX 75033
1-888-7OXYSURE | (+1) 972-294-6450 | Fax (+1) -972-294-6501

                            www.oxysure.com
