August 25, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12588
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­0708

Mr. Dane B. Jaques
Counsel for Pacific Gas and Electric Company
McKenna Long & Aldridge LLP
1676 International Drive, Penthouse
McLean, VA 22102

Dear Mr. Jaques:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letters dated March 17, 2014 and June 1, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation
Administration (FAA) on behalf of Pacific Gas and Electric Company (hereinafter petitioner
or operator) for an exemption. The exemption would allow the petitioner to operate an
unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct aerial surveys, inspections, and patrols of Pacific
Gas and Electric Company facilities.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is are the Aeryon SkyRanger, Aeryon Scott, Altavian
Nova F6500, PJ UAS CarbonCore Cortex, and InspecTools X-8.
                                                                                                                 2

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Pacific Gas and Electric Company is granted an
exemption from 14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a),

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                                                 3

91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and
91.417(a) and (b), to the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform
aerial data collection. This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed
below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Pacific Gas and Electric Company is hereafter referred to as
the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the Aeryon
         SkyRanger, Aeryon Scott, Altavian Nova F6500, PJ UAS CarbonCore Cortex, and
         InspecTools X-8 when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed
         operations of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this
         exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
         must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.
                                                                                                            4

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.
                                                                                                            5

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    Government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
                                                                                                            6

    intended operation and to operate after that for at least 5 minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

    The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
    nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.
                                                                                                                 7

    28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
         boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
         to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
         reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
         contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

 If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
 television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                      8

This exemption terminates on August 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.
Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service
Albany            1676 International Drive · Penthouse                            Northern Virginia
                             McLean, VA 22102                                        Orange County
Atlanta                       Tel: 703.336.8800
                              mckennalong.com                                     Rancho Santa Fe
Brussels                                                                                   San Diego
                        March 17, 2014
Denver                                                                                San Francisco
                                                                                                 Seoul
Los Angeles
                                                                                   Washington, DC
Miami
                                                                          EMAIL ADDRESS
New York                                                mmckinnon@mckennalong.com

Mark E. McKinnon                                              mclark@mckennalong.com
703.336.8708                                                djaques@mckennalong.com
Dane B. Jaques
703.336.8709
Matthew J. Clark
703.336.8714

U.S. Department of Transportation
Docket Management System
1200 New Jersey Ave., SE
Washington, DC 20590

        Re: Petition of Pacific Gas and Electric Company, for an Exemption Pursuant to
                 Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012

To Whom it May Concern:

         Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 ("Reform
Act") and 14 C.F.R. Part 11, Pacific Gas and Electric Company (hereinafter "PG&E" or
"Petitioner") hereby applies for an exemption from the Federal Aviation Regulations ("FARs")
identified below, to allow commercial operation of small unmanned aerial vehicles (i.e., "small
unmanned aircraft" or "UAS") for the purpose of conducting aerial surveys, inspections and
patrols of its power-generation, electric and natural gas transmissions/distribution, and related
facilities.

         This exemption is made based on information outlined in this Petition for Exemption, as
well as the operational requirements set forth in PG&E's UAS Operations Manual (hereinafter
"PG&E's Ops Manual"). PG&E submits this Ops Manual as a confidential document pursuant to
14 C.F.R. § 11.35(b), as the material contains confidential commercial and proprietary
information that PG&E has not and will not share with others. Additionally, these documents
contain operating conditions and procedures that are not generally available to the public and are
protected from release under the Freedom of Information Act, 5 U.S.C. § 552 et seq., and any
other requirements established by the FAA pursuant to Section 333 of the Reform Act.
U.S. Department of Transportation
March 17, 2014
Page 2

       For your convenience, this Petition for Exemption is organized as follows:

I.     Description of Petitioner
II.    Description of Proposed Operation
III.   A. Inspection and Patrol of PG&E Facilities and Infrastructure
IV.    B. Precision Aerial Surveys and Inspections
       C. Inventory Assets in PG&E Storage Yards
V.     Relevant Statutory Authority
       PG&E's Proposed UAS Operations Meet the Requirements of Section 333 of the Reform
VI.    Act
VII.   A. Approval is Warranted Based on the UAS's Size, Weight, Speed, and
VIII.
IV.             Operational Capability
       B. Approval is Warranted Based on the Operational Restrictions Set Forth in

                the PG&E UAS Operations Manual
       Regulations From Which Exemption is Requested
       A. 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H ­ Airworthiness Certificates and 14

                C.F.R. § 91.203
       B. 14 C.F.R. Part 27 Airworthiness Standards: Normal Category

                Rotorcraft
       C. 14 C.F.R. § 91.7(a): Civil Aircraft Airworthiness
       D. 14 C.F.R. § 91.9(b)(2): Civil Aircraft Flight Manual in the Aircraft and 14

                C.F.R. § 91.203(a) and (b): Carrying Civil Aircraft Certification and
                Registration
       E. 14 C.F.R. §§ 91.9(c), 45.23(b) and 45.27(a): Aircraft Marking and
                Identification Requirements
       F. 14 C.F.R. § 91.103: Preflight Action
       G. 14 C.F.R. § 91.109(a): Flight Instruction
       H. 14 C.F.R. § 91.119 (b) and (c): Minimum Safe Altitudes
       I. 14 C.F.R. § 91.121: Altimeter Settings
       J. 14 C.F.R. § 91.151(a): Fuel Requirements for Flight in VFR
                Conditions
       K. 14 C.F.R. § 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (2); 91.417(a) and (b):
                Maintenance Inspections
       L. 14 C.F.R. § 61.113: Private Pilot Privileges And Limitations
       Public Interest
       Privacy
       Federal Register Summary
       Conclusion

                                   Page 2 of 23
U.S. Department of Transportation
March 17, 2014
Page 3

I. DESCRIPTION OF PETITIONER

         Since 1905, PG&E has operated as a public utility corporation furnishing electric and gas
services today to over 16 million people in PG&E's northern and central California service
territory. PG&E delivers energy to approximately 5.4 million electric and 4.3 million natural gas
households and businesses 24 hours a day, making it one of the largest utility providers in the
United States.

         The PG&E service territory extends from far northern California in Eureka, to
Bakersfield in the south, and from the Pacific Ocean in the west to the Sierra Nevada Mountains
in the east. PG&E's service territory is vast, and includes environmental and culturally sensitive
geography, and extremes of weather, population density and geology. These extremes present
challenges to PG&E in the management and operation of its assets while maintaining the
company's responsibilities to its employees, the public, and the California environment under
PG&E's charter to provide safe, reliable, clean and affordable energy service. UAS vehicles will
help PG&E lessen its impact on sensitive areas, increase public and employee safety, and lead to
improved reliability and lower overall customer costs.

         The acquisition, production, and delivery of energy involve both Electric and Gas
Operations units. Electric Operations includes Energy Procurement and Power Generation: the
acquisition and production of electric power and the management of extensive hydroelectric
resources that include much of the state's principal water collection and storage facilities, and,
Electric Transmission and Distribution: the transfer of that electricity to and among wholesale
and retail electric customers. Gas Operations involves acquiring natural gas and transferring it to
retail end-users, storage, generation assets, or to wholesale customers.

         PG&E manages a diverse portfolio of Utility Owned Generation ("UOG") and contracted
("Non-UOG") generation that supply power to serve PG&E's electric load and Ancillary Service
requirements and other power needs throughout California and the western United States.
PG&E's current UOG mix consists of 109 hydro generators, two natural gas-fired combined
cycle power plants , two nuclear generators, ten reciprocating engine generators, as well as two
fuel cell sites, and 10 photovoltaic solar generator facilities, and hundreds of Non-UOG
conventional and renewable generators and power contracts.

                                                   Page 3 of 23
U.S. Department of Transportation
March 17, 2014
Page 4

         PG&E's hydro generation facilities are supported by over 400 miles of canals, flumes,
penstocks and tunnels ("Conveyances") that move water to and between powerhouses from
water storage facilities located throughout the 140,000 acres comprising PG&E's hydro lands.
Many of these conveyance facilities are remotely located high in the Sierra Nevada Mountains,
although others are rural, suburban, and within city limits throughout the foothills and mountains
of Northern California. PG&E's Power Generation Safety, Asset Management, Compliance, and
Operations and Maintenance organizations have key responsibilities in assuring the continued
safe, reliable and affordable production of most of the electricity generated in Northern
California. Inspections are performed on these electric power generation and appurtenant
facilities and lands year-round using a combination of aerial, vehicular, and foot patrols. Many
facilities are located in remote locations with terrain that is steep, slippery, or otherwise
hazardous to access by personnel and equipment. Regardless, these facilities must be inspected
despite challenges posed by accessibility-limiting factors such as ice, snow and rain.

         PG&E's photovoltaic generation sites are prime candidates for close-in visual and
infrared overflights that provide inspection efficiencies in identifying problematic solar panels,
strings, or cells. Currently, such inspections must be performed by maintenance personnel
walking tens of acres of solar panels. Aerial overflights will help pinpoint potential problem
areas and help maintenance personnel focus their activities.

         Electric Transmission and Distribution Operations operates and maintains approximately
136,000 miles of high voltage electric lines and of related facilities located throughout PG&E's
service area. As with hydro facilities, transmission and distribution facilities are inspected year-
round using a combination of air, vehicular, and foot patrols. These facilities often originate at
power generation facilities and follow utility rights-of-way corridors from and through remote
areas to local and regional load centers and through low to very high population density areas.
Electric facilities have similar inspection challenges to those found with water conveyances in
terms of accessibility and hazardous locations, but are also generally energized with high voltage
electricity and are often a hundred or more feet above the ground.

         Gas Operations manages PG&E's 6,750 miles of natural gas transmission pipelines and
related facilities located throughout and beyond PG&E's service territory. These facilities
originate at regional hubs and terminate either at generation or storage facilities, or at points of
distribution interconnections. As with hydro and electric transmission, gas transmission facilities
traverse the countryside and include both in-ground and above-ground assets such as valves,
compressor stations and interconnections. This presents inspection-related challenges, again,
similar to electric generation and transmission.

                                                   Page 4 of 23
U.S. Department of Transportation
March 17, 2014
Page 5

         PG&E's Aviation Services department within its Transportation Services organization
plays a critical role in meeting these safety initiatives. Among other things, PG&E currently
conducts powerline and pipeline inspections and patrols using helicopters, as well as monitoring
PG&E hydro-electric facilities, including snowpack surveys, flume and ditch patrols, as well as
visual inspections of penstocks and inverted siphons. UAS vehicles will augment the current
aerial inspection fleet.

         PG&E initially intends to utilize still and video visible and infrared sensors on UAS
vehicles to augment current inspection and patrol methods, and expects later to deploy LiDAR
(Light Detection and Radar), leak detection, and other relevant sensors. UAS vehicles may also
fulfill a role in PG&E's emergency preparedness and operations functions in the event of natural
disaster or other emergency incidents, and in physical security monitoring of critical facilities.

         PG&E will supplement its current asset inspection and assessment practices with UAS
vehicles to reduce human, geologic, and asset-related hazards and safety risks, increase patrol
frequency in difficult-to-reach locations that present substantial inspection-related hazards and
safety risks, and will collect data using methods and sensors not presently available to current
patrol methods, and with a proximity not available from other available aerial and terrestrial
vehicles or foot patrols.

         PG&E is dedicated to developing innovative safety initiatives that will allow it to meet all
regulatory licensing requirements. Small UASs offer a safer, more affordable and more
environmentally friendly way to perform certain utility infrastructure inspections and patrols and
aerial surveys. Accordingly, PG&E seeks the following exemption to allow commercial use of
small UASs as described in this Petition for Exemption.

         In accordance with 14 C.F.R. § 11.81(a), PG&E provides the following information in
support of its Petition for Exemption.

         The contact information for Petitioner is as follows:

Ann Kim
Lead Counsel, Electric Operations
Pacific Gas and Electric Company
Law Department
77 Beale Street
San Francisco, CA 94105
Phone: (415) 973-7467
Fax: (415) 973-0516
Email: AHK4@pge.com

                                                   Page 5 of 23
U.S. Department of Transportation
March 17, 2014
Page 6

II. DESCRIPTION OF PROPOSED OPERATION

         A. Inspection and Patrol of PG&E Facilities and Infrastructure

         PG&E intends to use small UAS weighing less than 55 pounds for the purpose of
conducting inspections, surveys and patrols of power-generation, and electric and gas
transmission/distribution facilities and associated lands and infrastructure that PG&E owns or
controls, including:

      Electric Power Transmission/Distribution;
      Natural Gas pipelines;
      Electric power generation plants, and;
      Water storage and conveyances associated with hydroelectric generation facilities.

         All UAS operations will occur under tightly controlled conditions on properties that are
either owned, controlled or licensed by PG&E or on properties on which PG&E has easements or
landowner written permission granting PG&E the right to conduct inspections. These properties
are largely located in remote or rural areas of California, away from people or crowds. The
proposed UAS operations will be conducted in accordance with the conditions and limitations of
this Petition for Exemption and PG&E's Ops Manual. In addition, PG&E intends to use UASs to
conduct initial and recurrent training of its Pilots and Visual Observers ("VOs"), as required by
the PG&E Ops Manual. Lastly, PG&E intends to conduct functional test flights following UAS
maintenance or replacement of flight critical components to ensure the aircraft is in a condition
safe for operation. Both training and test flights will only occur in controlled and sterile
environments as required by the PG&E Ops Manual.

         B. Precision Aerial Surveys and Inspections

         PG&E also intends to use UAS weighing less than 55 pounds for the purpose of
conducting precision aerial surveys and inspections of land associated with PG&E's facilities and
infrastructure. The purpose of these aerial surveys will be to collect valuable information by
mapping the geography and terrain of land that is within close proximity to, and which could
potentially impact PG&E's facilities and infrastructure. Like PG&E's facilities and
infrastructure, this land is largely located in remote or rural areas of California, away from
people or crowds. As required by PG&E's Ops Manual, aerial surveys will occur under tightly
controlled condition and will be limited to properties that are either owned, controlled, or
licensed by PG&E or on properties on which PG&E has easements or landowner written
permission granting PG&E the right to conduct aerial surveys.

                                                   Page 6 of 23
U.S. Department of Transportation
March 17, 2014
Page 7

         C. Inventory Assets in PG&E Storage Yards

         PG&E also intends to use UAS weighing less than 55 pounds for the purpose of taking
inventory of PG&E assets located on PG&E owned property across the storage yards. PG&E
will use RFID tag detection as the tool for performing inventory assessments. As required by
PG&E's Ops Manual, aerial inventory will occur under tightly controlled conditions and will be
limited to PG&E owned property.
III. RELEVANT STATUTORY AUTHORITY

         This Petition for Exemption is submitted pursuant to Section 333(a) through (c) of the
FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 ("Reform Act"). Congress has directed the FAA
"to safely accelerate the integration of civil unmanned aircraft systems into the national airspace
system." Pursuant to Section 333 of the Reform Act, the FAA Administrator is to permit
unmanned aircraft systems to operate in the national airspace system ("NAS") where it is safe to
do so, based on the following considerations:

               The UAS's size, weight, speed and operational capability;

               Operation of the UAS in close proximity to airports and populated areas; and

               Operation of the UAS within the Visual Line-Of-Sight ("VLOS") of the Pilot and
                  VO.

         Additionally, the FAA Administrator has general authority to grant exemptions from the
agency's safety regulations and minimum standards when the Administrator decides a requested
exemption is in the public interest. See 49 U.S.C. § 106(f) (defining the authority of the
Administrator); 49 U.S.C. § 44701(f) (permitting exemptions from §§ 44701(a), (b) and
§§ 44702 ­ 44716, et seq.). A party requesting an exemption must explain the reasons why the
exemption: (1) would benefit the public as a whole, and (2) would not adversely affect safety (or
how it would provide a level of safety at least equal to the existing rules). See 14 C.F.R. § 11.81
(petitions for exemption).

                                                   Page 7 of 23
U.S. Department of Transportation
March 17, 2014
Page 8

IV. PG&E'S PROPOSED UAS OPERATIONS MEET THE REQUIREMENTS OF SECTION 333 OF
         THE REFORM ACT

         PG&E's proposed operations in this Petition for Exemption qualify for expedited
approval pursuant to Section 333 of the Reform Act as each of the statutory criteria and relevant
factors are satisfied1.

         A. Approval is Warranted Based on the UAS's Size, Weight, Speed, and
                  Operational Capability

         PG&E will employ UAS that meet the following characteristics to perform the operations
described in this Petition for Exemption:

      The UAS will weigh less than 55 pounds, including energy source(s), equipment and
         payloads;

      The UAS will not be flown at a ground speed exceeding 20 mph;

      The UAS will not be flown at an altitude that exceeds 400 feet Above Ground Level
         ("AGL"), unless the height of a structure being inspected exceeds 400 feet AGL. Under
         such circumstances, flights will be limited to 50 feet above the highest point of the
         structure;

      All UAS flights will be flown in such a way that they can be safely terminated with a
         reserve battery power of 25 percent of the battery's maximum charge;

      Altitude information will be generated by equipment onboard the UAS as specified using
         GPS triangulation, digitally encoded barometric altimeter, radio altimeter, or any
         combination thereof. This information, along with other real-time flight data, including,
         ground speed, heading, direction, remaining battery life, and any applicable warnings will
         be transmitted to the Pilot via telemetric data feed, which downlinks from the UAS to a
         ground-based-on-screen display on the controller or ground control station.

1 The FAA has issued a grant of exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to
those presented by PG&E in this Petition for Exemption, including: Chevron USA, Inc.
(Exemption No. 11176), Commonwealth Edison Company (Exemption. No. 11185), Aetos
Group, Inc. (Exemption No. 11209) and Sky-Futures USA, Inc. (Exemption No. 11208).

                                                   Page 8 of 23
U.S. Department of Transportation
March 17, 2014
Page 9

      The UAS will have failsafe system redundancies and independent functionality to ensure
         the overall safety and predictability of the system. If connection to the remote control or
         ground control station is lost, failsafe systems will permit the UAS to return to a
         predetermined location and safely land without injury or damage.

      The radio frequencies used for operations and control of the UAS will comply with the
         Federal Communications Commission ("FCC") or other appropriate government
         oversight agency requirements.

         B. Approval is Warranted Based on the Operational Restrictions Set Forth in
                  the PG&E UAS Operations Manual

         Together, PG&E's Ops Manual and the Manufacturer's Manual2 for the selected UAS will
contain all of the procedures and limitations necessary to successfully perform the operations
specified in this Petition for Exemption. To assist the FAA in making a safety assessment of
PG&E's proposed operations, below is a summary of operational limitations and conditions
which will ensure an equivalent or higher level of safety to operations conducted under current
regulatory guidelines:

         1. The UAS will weigh less than 55 pounds, fully loaded.

         2. Flights will occur within the visual-line-of sight of the Pilot and Visual Observer.

         3. Maximum total flight time for each operational flight will be limited to 25 percent
                  reserve battery power remaining.

         4. Flights will be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet AGL and will not be
                  conducted within navigable controlled airspace without prior written authorization
                  from the FAA.

         5. Flights will be operated at a lateral distance of at least 500 feet from any persons,
                  inhabited structures, vehicles or vessels that are not involved in the inspection unless
                  permission has been received and appropriate waivers have been signed by the
                  persons or property owners in advance.

         6. Flights will be limited to a speed of 20 mph.

2 The term "Manufacturer's Manual" includes all relevant manufacturer publications, including,
but not limited to: operations and flight manuals, user guides, component maintenance manuals,
pilot training manuals, service information letters and, safety/service bulletins.

                                                   Page 9 of 23
U.S. Department of Transportation
March 17, 2014
Page 10

         7. The UAS will be operated and maintained in accordance with the requirements of
                  the UAS Manufacturer's Manuals and PG&E's Ops Manual.

         8. Prior to the operation, the flights will be fully preplanned and briefed, including,
                  among other things, possible contingencies, emergency procedures, flight
                  crewmember roles and responsibilities, and Air Traffic Control ("ATC")
                  communication procedures.

         9. PG&E will obtain an Air Traffic Organization ("ATO") issued Certificate of Waiver
                  or Authorization, otherwise known as a COA, prior to conducting any operations
                  under this grant of exemption. This COA will require PG&E to request a Notice to
                  Airman ("NOTAM") with an appropriate ATC facility between 48 and 72 hours
                  before the flight.

         10. All required permissions and permits will be obtained from territorial, state, county or
                  city jurisdictions, including local law enforcement, fire or other appropriate
                  governmental agencies.

         11. If the UAS loses communication with the Pilot, it will have the capability to
                  return to the sterile area home launch location or a pre-determined safe abort location.

         12. Contingency plans will be in place to safely terminate flight if there is a loss of
                  communication between the Pilot and VO(s).

         13. The UAS will have the capability to abort flight in the case of unpredicted obstacles
                  or emergencies.

         14. The Pilot of the UAS will have at least a Private Pilot Certificate and at least a current
                  Class III Medical Certificate.

         15. VO(s) will have a current Class III Medical Certificate.

         16. All UAS operations will occur in daylight, under VFR conditions. IFR flights are
                  prohibited and no flights will occur at night, or in adverse weather conditions.

         17. The radio frequency spectrum used for operation and control of the UA will comply
                  with FCC or other appropriate government oversight agency requirements.

V. REGULATIONS FROM WHICH EXEMPTION IS REQUESTED

         The Federal Aviation Act expressly grants the FAA the authority to issue exemptions.
This statutory authority, by its terms, includes exempting civil aircraft, as the term is defined

                                                  Page 10 of 23
U.S. Department of Transportation
March 17, 2014
Page 11

under § 40101 of the Act, including UASs, from its safety regulations and minimum standards
when the Administrator decides a requested exemption is in the public interest.3

         PG&E seeks an exemption from several interrelated provisions of 14 C.F.R. Parts 21, 45,
61 and 91 for purposes of conducting the requested operations using UAS. Listed below are: (1)
the specific sections of 14 C.F.R. for which exemption is sought, and; (2) the operating
procedures and safeguards that Petitioner has established which will ensure a level of safety
better than or equal to the rules from which exemption is sought.4

         A. 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H ­ Airworthiness Certificates and 14 C.F.R. §
                  91.203(a)(1)

         The FAA has stated that no exemption is needed from this section if a finding is made
under the Reform Act that the UAS selected provides an equivalent level of safety when
compared to manned aircraft normally used for the same application. These criteria are met, and
therefore no exemption is needed. See, e.g., In the Matter of the Petition of Astraeus Aerial,
Grant of Exemption No. 11062 (Sep. 25, 2014), Docket No. 2014-0352, at 13-14, 22. If,
however, the FAA determines that there are some characteristics of the UAS that fail to meet the
requirements of the Reform Act, an exemption is requested.

         Equivalent Level of Safety

         The UASs that PG&E will use are safe when taking into account their size, weight,
speed, and operational capability. As set forth in Section IV(B), supra, the UAS will weigh less
than 55 pounds and will be flown at less than 20 mph in sterile environments and completely
outside controlled airspace. Additionally, the UASs carry neither a pilot nor passengers, carry no
explosive materials and/or flammable liquid fuels, and operate exclusively within the parameters
stated in PG&E's Ops Manual.

         Operations conducted under this exemption will be closely controlled and monitored by
the operator and will be conducted in compliance with local public safety requirements, to
provide security for the area of operation. PG&E will also provide the FAA with advance notice

3 See 49 U.S.C. § 44701(f) (authorizing the grant of exemptions from requirements of regulations
prescribed pursuant to Sections 44701(a) and (b) and Sections 44702 - 44716).
4 See 14 C.F.R. § 11.81(e), which requires a petition for exemption to include:

         The reasons why granting the exemption would not adversely affect safety, or how
         the exemption would provide a level of safety at least equal to that provided by the
         rule from which you seek exemption.

                                                  Page 11 of 23
U.S. Department of Transportation
March 17, 2014
Page 12

of all operations via NOTAMs. In all cases, the UAS operated under the proposed conditions,
will be at least as safe as, or safer than conventional rotorcraft operating with an airworthiness
certificate without the restrictions and conditions of the proposed UAS operations.

         Further, the UAS does not need a means to communicate with other aircraft or ATC,
because those capabilities will be possessed by the Pilot and VO, who are not onboard the UAS.
See Grant of Exemption, Docket FAA-2014-0352 at 13. In addition, the UAS will be operated at
all times in VLOS and in VFR conditions. Id.

         B. 14 C.F.R. Part 27 Airworthiness Standards: Normal Category
                  Rotorcraft

         Title 14 C.F.R. Part 27 sets forth the procedural requirements for airworthiness
certification of normal category rotorcraft. To the extent the Petitioner's UAS would otherwise
require certification under Part 27, Petitioner seeks an exemption from Part 27's airworthiness
standards for the same reasons identified in the request for exemption from 14 C.F.R. Part 21,
Subpart H, supra.

         C. 14 C.F.R. § 91.7(a): Civil Aircraft Airworthiness

         Inasmuch as there will be no airworthiness certificate issued for the UAS Petitioner
intends to use, PG&E seeks an exemption from 14 C.F.R. § 91.7(a), which requires that a civil
aircraft be in airworthy condition to be operated. The FAA has stated that no exemption is
required for 14 C.F.R. § 91.7(a) to the extent that the requirements of Part 21 are waived or
found inapplicable. See Grant of Exemption, Docket FAA-2014-0352 at 13-14, 22.
Accordingly, Petitioner requests that the requirements for § 91.7(a) be treated in accordance with
Section V(A), supra.

         D. 14 C.F.R. § 91.9(b)(2): Civil Aircraft Flight Manual in the Aircraft and 14
                  C.F.R. § 91.203(a) and (b): Carrying Civil Aircraft Certification and
                  Registration

         Title 14 C.F.R. § 91.9(b)(2) and § 91.203(a) and (b) require the operator to carry
airworthiness documents and other aircraft manuals onboard the aircraft. Pursuant to 14 C.F.R. §
91.9(b)(2):

         (b) No person may operate a U.S.-registered civil aircraft ­
                  ...

         (2) For which an Airplane or Rotorcraft Flight Manual is required by § 21.5 of
         this chapter, unless there is available in the aircraft a current approved Airplane
         or Rotorcraft Flight Manual, approved manual material, markings, and placards,
         or any combination thereof.

                                                  Page 12 of 23
U.S. Department of Transportation
March 17, 2014
Page 13

         Pursuant to 14 C.F.R. § 91.203(a) and (b):

         (a) Except as provided in § 91.715, no person may operate a civil aircraft unless it
         has within it the following:

         (1) An appropriate and current airworthiness certificate...

         (b) No person may operate a civil aircraft unless the airworthiness certificate
         required by paragraph (a) of this section or a special flight authorization issued
         under § 91.715 is displayed at the cabin or cockpit entrance so that it is legible to
         passengers or crew.

         Given the small size and configuration of the UAS, it would be impossible to keep
airworthiness documents and other aircraft manuals on board the UAS because there is simply no
room and the UAS has no cabin or cockpit.

         Equivalent Level of Safety

         In an FAA Office of Chief Counsel's Opinion dated August 8, 2014, and prepared by
Dean E. Griffith, Attorney, AGC-220, it was acknowledged that the intent of 14 C.F.R. 91.9(b)
and 91.203(a) and (b) is met if the Pilot of the unmanned aircraft has access to the UAS flight
manual, registration certificate, and other required documents from the ground control station
from which he or she is operating the aircraft.5 As this FAA Office of Chief Counsel Opinion
clarifies, the intent of the rule is to ensure the Pilot has access to these key documents during
flight. Therefore, an equivalent level of safety will be achieved by ensuring that the Pilot has
access to the documents at the ground control station from which he or she is piloting the UAS.

         E. 14 C.F.R. §§ 91.9(c), 45.23(b) and 45.27(a): Aircraft Marking and
                  Identification Requirements

         PG&E seeks an exemption from the aircraft marking and identification requirements
contained in 14 C.F.R. §§ 91.9(c), 45.23(b) and 45.27(a).

          14 C.F.R. § 91.9(c), Civil Aircraft Flight Manual, Marking and Placard requirements,
             provides that:

5 Memorandum from Mark Bury, FAA Assistant Chief Counsel for International Law,
Legislation and Regulation, to John Duncan, FAA Flight Standards Service (Aug. 8, 2014); see
also id. at 16-18.

                                                  Page 13 of 23
U.S. Department of Transportation
March 17, 2014
Page 14

                  No person may operate a U.S.-registered civil aircraft unless that aircraft is
                  identified in accordance with Part 45 of this chapter.

          14 C.F.R. § 45.23(b), Markings of the Aircraft, states:

                  When marks include only the Roman capital letter "N" and the registration
                  number is displayed on limited, restricted or light-sport category aircraft or
                  experimental or provisionally certificated aircraft, the operator must also
                  display on that aircraft near each entrance to the cabin, cockpit, or pilot
                  station, in letters not less than 2 inches nor more than 6 inches high, the
                  words "limited," "restricted," "light-sport, "experimental," or "provisional,"
                  as applicable.

          14 C.F.R. § 45.27(a), Rotorcraft, states:

                  Each operator of a rotorcraft must display on that rotorcraft horizontally on
                  both surfaces of the cabin, fuselage, boom, or tail the marks required by
                  § 45.23.

         In a previous Grant of Exemption, the FAA determined that exemption from these
requirements was warranted provided that the aircraft "have identification (N-Number) markings
in accordance with 14 C.F.R Part 45, Subpart C if the markings are as large as practicable."
FAA Docket No. FAA-2014-0352.

         Equivalent Level of Safety

         All UAS flown by PG&E will bear N-number markings that are as large as practicable in
accordance with 14 C.F.R. Part 45, Subpart C.6

         F. 14 C.F.R. § 91.103: Preflight Action

         PG&E seeks an exemption from 14 C.F.R. § 91.103, which requires a Pilot to become
familiar with specific information before each flight, including information contained in the
FAA-approved Flight Manual on board the aircraft. While the Pilot will be familiar with all
information necessary to safely conduct the flight, an exemption is requested to the extent that an
FAA-approved Flight Manual is required.

6 See, e.g., FAA Docket No. FAA-2014-0352, at 14.

                                                  Page 14 of 23
U.S. Department of Transportation
March 17, 2014
Page 15

         Equivalent Level of Safety

         An equivalent level of safety will be provided by following PG&E's Ops Manual and the
Manufacturer's Manual. The Pilot will perform a series of checklists designed to identify any
defects or inoperable components in accordance with PG&E's Ops Manual, including checklists
covering Pre-Flight, Launch, Landing, and Post-Flight procedures. The Pilot will also be
required to review potential local hazards to flight operations, and to equipment, structures,
vehicles or personnel, and to review weather, flight requirements, battery charge, and landing
and takeoff distance and locations, UAS performance data, and contingency landing areas--
before initiation of flight. PG&E's Ops Manual and the Manufacturer's Manuals (and any other
relevant manufacturer publications) will be kept at the ground control station and will be
accessible to the Pilot at all times while operating the UAS.

         G. 14 C.F.R. § 91.109(a): Flight Instruction

         PG&E seeks an exemption from 14 C.F.R. § 91.109(a), which provides that "[n]o person
may operate a civil aircraft (except a manned free balloon) that is being used for flight
instruction unless that aircraft has fully functioning dual controls." UASs and remotely piloted
aircraft, by their design, do not have functional dual controls. Instead, flight control is
accomplished through the use of a device that communicates with the UAS via radio
communications. Accordingly, an exemption will be required for the flight instruction
requirements of 14 C.F.R. § 91.109(a).

         Equivalent Level of Safety

         PG&E will evaluate the qualifications of its Pilots based on their experience with the
UAS to be operated, which will be verified through testing, in lieu of formalized training. Given
the size and speed of the UAS that PG&E intends to use, an equivalent level of safe training can
still be performed without dual controls because no pilot or passengers are aboard the UAS, and
as required by PG&E's Ops Manual, all persons will be a safe distance away in the event that the
UAS experiences any difficulties during flight instruction. Moreover, as required by PG&E's
Ops Manual, all Pilot and VO training and instruction will occur in a controlled and sterile
environment on property owned and controlled by PG&E, and where access by unauthorized
persons will be strictly prohibited. As a whole, the restrictions placed on flight instructions in
PG&E's Ops Manual ensure a level of safety better than or equal to the rules from which
exemption is sought.

                                                  Page 15 of 23
U.S. Department of Transportation
March 17, 2014
Page 16

         H. 14 C.F.R. § 91.119 (b) and (c): Minimum Safe Altitudes

         Given the nature of the proposed operations, PG&E will require an exemption from the
minimum safe altitude requirements of 14 C.F.R. § 91.119 (b) and (c).7 Section 91.119(c)
prescribes the minimum safe altitudes under which aircraft may not operate, including 500 feet
above the surface and away from any person, vessel, vehicle, or structure in non-congested
areas.8 Section 91.119(b) provides that an aircraft may not operate "over any congested area of a
city, town, or settlement, or over any open air assembly of persons, an altitude of 1,000 feet
above the highest obstacle within a horizontal radius of 2,000 feet of the aircraft."

         An exemption is required because the proposed UAS operations will normally need to
occur below 400 feet AGL. In circumstances where the UAS is used to inspect a structure whose
height exceeds 400 feet AGL, the UAS will not be operated more than 50 feet above the highest
point on the structure. Additionally, due the nature of the proposed operations, the Pilot and/or
VO(s) may need to be less than 500 feet away from the UAS.

         Equivalent Level of Safety

         Compared to flight operations with rotorcraft weighing far more than the maximum
weight proposed herein, and given the lack of flammable fuel with the UASs, any risk associated
with these operations is far less than those that presently exist with conventional manned aircraft.
An equivalent level of safety will be achieved given the size, weight, and speed of the UASs, as
well as the controlled and sterile location where the operations will occur. In order to avoid any
risk to manned aircraft, flight operations will be restricted to 400 feet AGL or below, or when
inspecting a structure whose height exceeds 400 feet AGL, within 50 feet above the highest point
on that structure. As set forth in PG&E's Ops Manual, the UASs will be operated in a sterile area
that is owned and/or controlled by PG&E. These conditions and limitations will ensure that the
proposed UAS operations are performed in a manner that protects the safety of participants, non-
participants, the UAS and other property. As a whole, these requirements ensure a level of
safety better than or equal to the rules from which exemption is sought

7 Relief from § 91.119(a) will not be necessary because Petitioner will be able to perform an
emergency landing without undue hazard to persons or property on the ground in the event of a
failure. See e.g., Grant of Exemption No. 11157 to Slugwear, Inc., dba Likeonatree Aerial
(FAA-2014-0534 at 15).
8 See 14 C.F.R. § 91.119(c).

                                                  Page 16 of 23
U.S. Department of Transportation
March 17, 2014
Page 17

         I. 14 C.F.R. § 91.121: Altimeter Settings

         This petition seeks an exemption from 14 C.F.R. § 91.121, which requires a person
operating an aircraft to maintain cruising altitude or flight level by reference to an altimeter that
is set to the elevation of the departure airport or barometric pressure. An exemption is required
to the extent that the UASs do not have a barometric altimeter, but rather a GPS altitude read
out.

         Equivalent Level of Safety

         The FAA has stated that an equivalent level of safety to the requirements of 14 C.F.R. §
91.121 can be achieved in circumstances where: (1) the UASs will be operated at 400 feet AGL
or below, (2) within VLOS, (3) where GPS based altitude information is relayed in real time to
the operator at a ground-based on-screen display and, (4) where prior to each flight, a zero
altitude initiation point is established for the Pilot to confirm accuracy of the onboard GPS.9

         The UASs that PG&E uses for performing the proposed UAS operations will meet all
these operational characteristics. Moreover, as required by PG&E's Ops Manual, the Pilot will
be required to calibrate the UA's GPS compass prior to each flight operation. Like the Grant of
Exemption to Astraeus Aerial, the UASs PG&E intends to use, and the safety mitigation
procedures contained in PG&E's Ops Manual, both ensure that an equivalent level of safety will
be achieved, and a grant of exemption to the requirements of § 191.121 is therefore appropriate.

         J. 14 C.F.R. § 91.151(a): Fuel Requirements for Flight in VFR
                  Conditions

         PG&E requests an exemption from 14 C.F.R. § 91.151(a)'s fuel requirements for flight in
VFR conditions. Section 91.151(a) states:

         (a) No person may begin a flight in an airplane under VFR conditions unless
         (considering wind and forecast weather conditions) there is enough fuel to fly to the
         first point of intended landing and, assuming normal cruising speed ­

         (1) During the day, to fly after that for at least 30 minutes; or

         (2) At night, to fly after that for at least 45 minutes.

         The current state of technology in modern lithium-ion batteries used to power UAS do
not have sufficient capacity to permit meaningful flight operations, while at the same time

9 See Grant of Exemption to Astraeus Aerial, Docket No. FAA-2014-0352 at 21.

                                                  Page 17 of 23
U.S. Department of Transportation
March 17, 2014
Page 18

maintaining a 30 minute battery reserve. An exemption from the fuel requirements of 14 C.F.R.
§ 91.151(a) is therefore required.

         Equivalent Level of Safety

         The FAA has stated that an equivalent level of safety can be achieved by requiring that
each UAS operation be completed within 30 minutes flight time or with 25 percent battery power
remaining, whichever occurs first.10 PG&E's Ops Manual includes a similar restriction which
requires UAS flight operations to be terminated once the battery reserve reaches 25 percent of
the battery's maximum charge.

         The UASs that PG&E will use under this grant of exemption will include low battery
warning system. The amount of battery reserve power remaining will be transmitted to the Pilot
via telemetric data feed, which downlinks from the UAS to a ground-based-on-screen display.
As required by PG&E's Ops Manual, the Pilot will promptly fly the UAS back to the home
launch location or pre-determined abort location where the UAS may safely land, while still
maintaining a minimum of 25 percent reserve battery power. PG&E submits that the procedures
requiring our flights to be safely terminated once the batteries fall below 25 percent capacity,
combined with the requirement that flights only be conducted within a secure, isolated area,
using a UAS weighting less than 55 pounds, and within VLOS of the Pilot and VO(s), ensure
that the proposed operation will provide an equivalent level of safety to that provided by the
regulations from which exemption is sought.

         K. 14 C.F.R. § 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a) (1) and (2) ; 91.417(a) and (b):
                  Maintenance & Inspections

         PG&E requests relief from the regulatory maintenance, alteration and inspection
requirements contained in 14 C.F.R. § 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a) (1) & (2); 91.417(a)
and (b). These regulations specify maintenance and inspection standards in reference to 14
C.F.R. Part 43. See, e.g., 14 C.F.R. § 91.405(a) (stating that each owner or operator of an aircraft
"[s]hall have the aircraft inspected as prescribed in subpart E of this part and shall between
required inspections. . . have discrepancies repaired as prescribed in part 43 of this chapter"). An
exemption from these regulations is needed because Part 43 and these sections only apply to
aircraft with an airworthiness certificate, which the UAS to be operated under this grant of
exemption will not have.

10 Id.

        Page 18 of 23
U.S. Department of Transportation
March 17, 2014
Page 19

         Equivalent Level of Safety

         An equivalent level of safety will be achieved because maintenance and inspections will
be performed in accordance with the Manufacturer's Manual and any applicable manufacturer
Safety or Service Bulletins. Further, as required by PG&E's Ops Manual, and in accordance
with the Manufacturer's Manual, prior to each flight, the Pilot will conduct a pre-flight inspection
of the UAS and all associated equipment to account for all discrepancies and/or inoperable
components. Maintenance will be performed and verified to address any conditions potentially
affecting safe operation of the UAS and no flights will occur unless, and until all flight critical
components of the UAS have been found to be airworthy and in a condition safe for operation. A
functional test flight will be conducted following the replacement of any flight-critical
components. As required by PG&E's Ops Manual, the Pilot who conducts the functional test
flight will make an entry in the UAS aircraft records of the flight.

         PG&E's Ops Manual also includes requirements to follow the manufacturer's UAS
aircraft/component, maintenance, overhaul, replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements
for the following applicable components: powertrain system (powerplant), propellers, avionics
and control surfaces (including ailerons/elevons), structures & airframe, camera system,
electrical systems (including batteries), ground control station, hazard accessories, and spare
parts. Further, PG&E's Ops Manual also includes procedures to document and maintain a record
of the UAS maintenance, preventative maintenance, alterations, status of replacement/overhaul
component parts, and the total time in service of the UASs used under this grant of exemption.
As a whole, the maintenance and inspection procedures required in PG&E's Ops Manual ensure
that an equivalent or higher level of safety will be achieved.

         L. 14 C.F.R. § 61.113: Private Pilot Privileges And Limitations

         PG&E seeks exemption from 14 CFR § 61.113, which restricts private pilot certificate
holders from flying aircraft for compensation or hire, and would also require a second class
medical certificate. The purpose of Part 61 is to ensure that the skill and competency of any pilot
matches the airspace in which the pilot will be operating, as well as requiring certifications if the
private pilot is carrying passengers or cargo for hire. In this case, while the UASs will be
operated as part of a commercial operation, it carries neither passengers nor cargo.

         In the Grant of Exemption to Astraeus Aerial (FAA Docket No. FAA-2014-0352), the
FAA determined that the unique characteristics of UAS operation outside of controlled airspace
did not warrant the additional costs and restrictions attendant with requiring the pilot to have a
commercial pilot certificate and Class II Medical Certificate.

         The restrictions PG&E has placed on its UAS operations meet or exceed the restrictions
similarly imposed on Astraeus Aerial in FAA Docket No. FAA-2014-0352. PG&E will only
perform UAS operations in controlled and sterile areas away from persons and property not

                                                  Page 19 of 23
U.S. Department of Transportation
March 17, 2014
Page 20

involved in the operation. The UASs will be flown based on VLOS at 400 feet AGL or below.11
Moreover, a NOTAM will be issued between 48 and 72 hours before the flight is to occur, and
the flight will be conducted in coordination, as necessary, with the applicable.

         Equivalent Level of Safety

         In addition to these flight restrictions, PG&E will further ensure safe operation by
requiring its Pilots to be thoroughly versed not only in airspace and communication requirements
of Part 91 applicable to all aircraft, but also in the unique aspects of UAS flight. Petitioner's
Pilots will be required to maintain an understanding of all normal, abnormal and emergency
procedures of the UAS he or she is operating. Pilots will also be required to accumulate and log,
in a manner consistent with 14 C.F.R. § 61.51(b), a minimum of 200 flight cycles and 25 hours
of total time as a UAS rotorcraft pilot, and at least 10 hours piloting the UAS used to perform
operations under this exemption. Petitioner's Pilots will also be required to log at least 3 takeoffs
and landings of the UAS used to perform operations under this exemption. Pilot currency
requirements in PG&E's Ops Manual also require the Pilot to have conducted at least 3 launch
and recovery operations, and have accrued at least 5 hours of flight time with the UAS in the
preceding 90 days to be considered current. The Pilot qualification, training, and currency
requirements in PG&E's Ops Manual ensure that its Pilots are competent and proficient in the
UAS they are operating. These procedures ensure that an equivalent or higher level of safety
will be achieved.

VI. PUBLIC INTEREST

         The public interest will be served by granting PG&E's Petition for Exemption. Congress
has established a national policy that favors early integration of UAS into the NAS in controlled,
safe working environments such as those proposed by PG&E. Granting this Petition for
Exemption helps fulfill Congress' goal in passing Section 333(a) through (c) of the Reform Act,
namely; the FAA Administrator's assessment of whether certain UAS may operate safely in the
NAS before completion of the rulemaking required under Section 332 of the Reform Act.

         The proposed UAS operations in this Petition for Exemption will also improve safety and
reduce risk by alleviating the public's exposure to danger associated with current aerial survey
and inspection methods, namely, full size helicopters. The public's interest is furthered by
reducing human exposure to death or serious injury associated with manned aircraft performing
these activities.

11 In circumstances where a structure being inspected exceeds 400 feet AGL, the UAS will not
be operated more than 50 feet above the highest point on the structure.

                                                  Page 20 of 23
U.S. Department of Transportation
March 17, 2014
Page 21

         PG&E's UAS operations will additionally improve the safety of PG&E and contractor
employees who currently must conduct ground-based inspections and patrols in inherently
hazardous environmental, geologic, and structural conditions that can be readily observed using
UAS. Hazards and safety risks, for example, include cliff-sides or dams that presently require
lowering personnel on ropes to inspect, or flumes and dam faces and transmission towers or
pipelines that require specialized training and equipment to access and inspect safely. These and
other assets present substantial personnel fall- or exertion-risk as some include walking hundreds
of feet of steep stairs in isolated remote locations to perform asset inspections and assessments.
UAS vehicles will help mitigate these safety risks and improve data quality.

         PG&E's UASs will be battery powered and create no emissions. In the unlikely event of
an accident, there is no fuel to ignite and explode. Any impact of Petitioner's lightweight sUASs
is, obviously, far less than a full size helicopter. The public's interest is furthered by minimizing
the ecological impact of an accident on the remote and delicate habitat that PG&E's facilities
pass through. The public's interest is also furthered by reducing human exposure to potentially
harmful or hazardous emissions associated with manned aircraft.

         Aerial surveys and inspections of utility power-generation, electric and natural gas
transmission/distribution, and related facilities play a critical role in ensuring a safe, reliable,
affordable, and environmentally sound supply of energy to the public. The public as a whole
benefits from the safer and more cost-effective method of performing aerial surveys and
inspections using small UAS.

VII. PRIVACY

         All PG&E UAS operations performed under this grant of exemption will be conducted in
accordance with applicable federal, state, or local laws regarding privacy. PG&E will not
conduct flight operations over property that it does not own or control without the prior consent
and knowledge of the land owner/controller. Moreover, PG&E will not capture or use images
from neighboring properties within the vicinity of UAS flight operations.

VIII. FEDERAL REGISTER SUMMARY

         Pursuant to 14 C.F.R. Part 11, the following summary is provided for publication in the
FEDERAL REGISTER, should it be determined that publication is needed:

         Petitioner seeks an exemption from the following sections in Title 14 of the Code of
Federal Regulations:

         Part 21, Subpart H; Part 27; 45.23(b); 45.27(a); 61.113; 91.7(a); 91.9(b)(2); 91.9(c);
91.103; 91.109(a); 91.119 (b) and (c); 91.121; 91.151(a); 91.203 (a) & (b); 91.405(a);
91.407(a)(1); 91.409(a)(1) & (2); 91.417 (a) & (b).

                                                  Page 21 of 23
U.S. Department of Transportation
March 17, 2014
Page 22

         The exemption will enhance safety by reducing risk to the general public and property
owners from the substantial hazards associated with performing equivalent utility power-
generation aerial surveys and inspections with conventional fixed-wing aircraft, rotorcraft, or
other methods.
IV. CONCLUSION

         PG&E's Petition for Exemption demonstrates the appropriate safeguards and criteria that
Congress articulated in Section 333 of the Reform Act, including weight, speed, operating
capabilities, proximity to airports and populated areas, operation within VLOS and national
security concerns. The proposed UAS operations will benefit the public as a whole by reducing
human exposure to death or serious injury associated with manned aircraft performing these
activities. The public will also benefit from the reduced environmental impact achieved through
use of Petitioner's UAS. In consideration of the foregoing, this Petition for Exemption provides
the FAA with more than adequate justification to allow commercial operation of PG&E's small
UASs for the purpose of inspecting, patrolling, and surveying its utility power-generation,
electric and natural gas transmission/distribution facilities, infrastructure and associated land.

         We thank you for your prompt consideration of our requested exemptions. Should you
have any questions, or if you need any additional information to support the requested
exemptions, please do not hesitate to contact the undersigned.

                                                               Very truly yours,

                                                               Dane B. Jaques
                                                               Mark E. McKinnon
                                                               Matthew J. Clark
                                                               Counsel for Petitioner

                                                  Page 22 of 23
U.S. Department of Transportation
March 17, 2014
Page 23
(The following attached items contain proprietary and commercial information exempt from
disclosure under the Freedom of Information Act, 5 U.S.C. § 522 et seq., and should be held in a
separate file pursuant to 14 C.F.R. § 11.35(b)).
Attachments:
PG&E UAS Operations Manual

                                                  Page 23 of 23
