August 4, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12327
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­1494

Mr. Joseph Allan
PAJ telecom
P.O. Box 522
Gladstone, OR 97027

Dear Mr. Allan:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated April 15, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of PAJ telecom (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption. The petitioner
requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct aerial photography,
videography, and data collection.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner are the DJI Inspire 1 and DJI S1000 .
                                                                                                                 2

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, PAJ telecom is granted an exemption from 14 CFR
§§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121,
91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to the

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                                                 3

extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, PAJ telecom is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Inspire 1 and
         DJI S1000 when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed
         operations of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this
         exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
         must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
                                                                                                            4

    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
                                                                                                            5

    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
                                                                                       6

exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial

    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must

    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical

    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
                                                                                               7

reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
    as documented in this grant of exemption.

30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
    exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
    District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
    notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
    must include at least the following:
      a. Dates and times for all flights;
      b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
          under this grant of exemption;
      c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
          the UAS;
      d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
      e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
      f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
          and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
          who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
      g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
      h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
          town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
          essential to accomplish the operation.

31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons

    consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
    exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                      8

This exemption terminates on August 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.
Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
                                                                                                   PAJ telecom

                                                                                                                                        PO Box 522
                                                                                                                                        Gladstone, OR 97027
                                                                                                                                       Phone: 503.481.1669

April 15, 2015

U.S Department of Transportation
(DOT)
Unmanned Aircraft systems Office
1200 New Jersey Avenue, SE
Room W12- 140, West Building Ground Floor
 Washington, DC 20591

Re: Exemption Request

To whom it may concern,

           In agreement with Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 and
14 C.F.R. Part 11, PAJ telecom, anoperator of small Unmanned Aircraft Systems (sUAS) for
cellular tower and wind turbines for observation and inspections in the our industry, seeks
an exemption from the Federal Aviation Regulations (FARs) to allow commercial operations of
its sUAS.

           PAJ telecom's requested exemption would permit the operation of a sUAS under
controlled conditions in cellular tower and wind turbine airspace that is: (i) limited, (ii)
predetermined, (iii) subject to controlled access through our customers, and (iv) provides
greater safety in connection with aircraft operations in the industry. PAJ telecom believes
that an exemption in the telecommunication a nd wi n d tur b i ne industry would enhance
safety and fulfill the Secretary of Transportation's (the FAA Administrator's)
r e s p o n s i b i l i t i e s t o establish safe operations of sUAS.

           According to Wireless Estimator, since 2003 there have been a total of 119 fatalities,
not including tower related injuries ( Click on web-link
http://www.wirelessestimator.com/generaldoc.cfm?ContentID=9#.VTVgKctrAZY.) and 114 within the wind
turbine industry (Attachment A). PAJ telecom mission is to provide safer services to our
customer base within our industry.
With PAJ telecom's sUAS, we will be able to provide services that would limit the need of a
tower climber which will help reduce injuries and help save lives. Through PAJ telecom
sUAS, we will be able to observe and acquire valuable data for our customers that would
otherwise be more expensive and hazardous to individuals. Using the sUAS PAJ telecom
will prevent climbers from making unnecessary climbs and keep climbing purposes to
installation/repair. The purpose of this petition is to improve safety at the tower and wind
turbine locations by eliminating climbing for visual inspection purposes.
                                                                                                    PAJ telecom

                                                                                                                                         PO Box 522
                                                                                                                                          Gladstone, OR 97027
                                                                                                                                         Phone: 503.481.1669

            PAJ telecom is a United States Department of Transportation categorized company
 specializing in providing Engineering Audits, DC Power, and Battery services to major
 industry providers across the continental United States. PAJ telecom sUAS flights will be
 flown to achieve an aerial view and video recording of industry provider's antennas, lines and
 turbine blades that are secured to vertical towers.

Video data captured from the flights will be analyzed as follows: any site damage, lightning
strikes, FAA mandated tower strobe lights, shelter and cabinet roofs, ice bridge infrastructure,
coax cable wear, antenna damage, and turbine and blade wear or damage. The
characteristics of these structures (tall, pointy-shaped, and isolated) make it desirable for
lightning strikes.

            Lightning strikes can damage ground equipment and antennas / blades and power
 components attached to the structures. Sending a sUAS to view and record the physical
 status of structures saves multiple trips up and down the tower that are currently performed
 by technicians. Lightning strikes can also affect the strobe lighting on the tower. Strobe
 lighting is used to identify a structure in darkness or in bad weather conditions for low flying
 airplanes or aircrafts. Without properly functioning strobe lighting, low flying aircrafts could
 be at risk of hitting a structures. While observing the structure, the equipment shelters and
 cabinets will also be viewed. By viewing the roofs of the shelters and cabinets, damage from
 falling tree limbs or leaks from weather damage can be assessed before being repaired. The
 same goes for the ice bridges as well. The ice bridges protects the coaxial cables and power lines
 leaving the shelter or cabinet to the antennas from falling tree limbs, snow and ice, tools from
 falling from maintenance technicians, and debris or equipment falling from the structures. From
 the ground, a minimum amount of damage can be observed. Most auditors and technician
 would not have proper safety equipment on hand to properly assess the shelter and cabinet
 roofs as well as the ice bridges. With a sUAS flight, these damages can be assessed easily and
 safely.

             The sUAS will also be observing the customer specific antenna array or RAD center on
 the structures and any damage to blades of birds nesting on structures. New antenna
 array locations can also be determined and if the sUAS is positioned successfully, the
 mechanical down-tilt of the antennas can be measured. For every flight that PAJ telecom
 performs, all the above parameters will be checked for the providers, consumers, and
 bystanders safety concerns in mind. Cell towers and wine turbines are highly restricted
 areas and the potential for consumers or bystanders to be in the area is very low. Cell towers
 and wind turbines are also highly restricted from any and all air traffic and have minimal to
 zero likelihood of nearby aircraft.
                                                                                               PAJ telecom

                                                                                                                                   PO Box 522
                                                                                                                                   Gladstone, OR 97027
                                                                                                                                  Phone: 503.481.1669

                    Information Supporting this Petition as Specified in 1 4 C.F.R. §11 .81

 (a) Your name and mailing address and, if you wish, other contact information such as
      a fax number, telephone number, or e-mail address;

       Re: Exemption
      Request
       PAJ telecom
       Joseph Allan
      PO Box 522
      Gladstone, OR 97027
       Phone: 503.481.1669
       Email: josephallen@pajtelecom.com

 (b) The specific section or sections of 14 C.F.R. from which PAJtelecom seeks an
       exemption

 21-Subpart H Certification procedures for products and parts,
     Airworthiness Certificates

 45.23 - Display of marks; general
 61.113 - Private pilot privileges and limitation: Pilot in command
 91.103 - Preflight Actions
 91.105 - Flight crewmembers at stations
 91.109 - Flight instruction; Simulated instrument flight and certain flight tests
 91.119 - Minimum safe altitudes: General
 91.121- Altimeter settings
 91.151- Fuel requirements for flights in Visual Flight Rules (VFR) conditions
 91.203 - Civil aircraft: certification required
 91.405 - Maintenance required
 91.407 -Operation after maintenance, preventative maintenance, rebuilding,

     and alteration
 91.409 - Inspections
 91.417 - Maintenance records
                                                                                                   PAJ telecom

                                                                                                                                        PO Box 522
                                                                                                                                        Gladstone, OR 97027
                                                                                                                                       Phone: 503.481.1669

           We believe an exemption from the above regulations will allow PAJ telecom
to conduct the needed work as described above.

      (c) The extent of relief PAJ telecom seeks, and the reason PAJ telecom seeks the relief

           PAJ telecom seeks an exemption for several provisions of 14C.F.R. Parts 21, 45, 61,
and 91 to the extent to operate small UASs around cellular and wind turbine towers and
compound facilities.

           PAJ telecom seeks exemption from 14 C.F.R. 21, Subpart H which states the
certification procedures for products and parts as well as airworthiness certificates. Due to
the limited airspace that PAJ telecom will be using at cellular locations across the country,
we are seeking exemption to the airworthiness certification process. PAJ telecom has
developed our own training procedures and regulations to promote and provide safe flying
experiences for our PIC(s) which can be viewed in section (A) of this petition.

           PAJ telecom seeks exemption from 14 C.F.R 45.23, which discusses the display of
marks. Specifically, section 45.23 states, "(a) each operator of an aircraft must display on that
aircraft marks consisting of Roman Capital Letter "N" (denoting United States registration)
followed by the registration number of the aircraft. Each suffix letter used in the marks displayed
must also be a Roman Capital letter (b) when marks include only the Roman capital letter "N"
and the registration number is displayed on limited, restricted or light-sport category aircraft
or experimental or provisionally certificated aircraft, the operator must also display on that
aircraft near each entrance to the cabin, cockpit, or pilot station, in letters not less than 2 inches
nor more than 6 inches high, the words "lim ited," "restricted," "light -sport," experimental,"
or "provisional," as applicable". PAJ telecom will need exemption from this regulation due
to the small size of the aircraft and that there is no cabin, cockpit, or pilot station for the
aircraft.

            PAJ telecom seeks exemption from 14 C.F.R. 61.113, which discusses private pilot
privileges and limitations for the Pilot in command (PIC). Specifically, section 61.113 states
"(a) Except as provided in paragraphs (b) through (h) of this section, no person who holds a
private pilot certificate may act as pilot in command of an aircraft that is carrying passengers
or property for compensation or hire; nor may that person, for compensation or hire, act as
pilot in command of an aircraft. (b) A private pilot may, for compensation or hire, act as pilot in
command of an aircraft in connection with any business or employment if: (1) The flight is
only in incidental to that business or employment; and (2) The aircraft does not carry
passengers or property for compensation or hire
                                                                                                   PAJ telecom

                                                                                                                                       PO Box 522
                                                                                                                                        Gladstone, OR 97027
                                                                                                                                       Phone: 503.481.1669

          (c) A private pilot may not pay less than the pro rata share of the operating expenses
of a flight with passengers, provided the expenses involved only fuel, oil, airport
expenditures, or rental fees. (d) A private pilot may act as pilot in command of a charitable,
nonprofit, or community event flight described in §91.146, if the sponsor and pilot comply
with the requirements of §91.146. (e) A private pilot may be reimbursed for aircraft operating
expenses that are directly related to search and location operations, provided the expenses
involve only fuel, oil, airport expenditures, or rental fees, and the operation is sanctioned and
under the direction and control of: (1) A local state, or Federal agency; or (2) An
organization that conducts search and location operations. (f) A private pilot who is an
aircraft salesman and who has at least 200 hours of logged flight time may demonstrate an
aircraft inflight to a prospective buyer. (g) A private pilot who meets the requirements of
§61.69 may act as a pilot in command of an aircraft towing a glider or unpowered ultralight
vehicle. (h) A private pilot may act as pilot in command for the purpose of conducting a
production flight test in a light ­ sport aircraft intended for certification in the light ­ sport
category under §21.190 of this chapter, provided that ­ (1) The aircraft is a powered
parachute or a weight-shift-control aircraft; (2) The person has at least 100 hours of pilot-in-
command time in the category and class of aircraft flown; and (3) The person is familiar with
the processes and procedures applicable to the conduct of production flight testing,to
include operations conducted under a special flight permit and any associated operating
limitations". PAJ telecom is seeking exemption from this regulation, because PAJ telecom
believes that there is in inconclusive evidence that a person with a private pilot certificate
can successfully maneuver a sUAS without first hand flight experience with the particular sUAS.
Therefore, we believe our own flight training with the sUAS will be more than satisfactory.

          PAJ telecom seeks exemption from14 C.F.R. 91.103, which discusses pre-flight
actions. Specifically, section 91.103 states, "Each pilot in command shall, before beginning a
flight, become familiar with all available information concerning that flight. This information
must include: (a) For a flight under IFR or a flight not in the vicinity of an airport, weather
reports and forecasts, fuel requirements, alternatives available if the planned flight cannot be
completed, and any known traffic delays of which the pilot in command has been advised by
ATC; (b) For any flight, runway lengths at airports of intended use, and the following takeoff
and landing distance information: (1) For civil aircraft for which an approved Airplane or
Rotorcraft Flight Manual containing takeoff and landing distance data is required, the takeoff
and landing distance data contained therein; and (2) For civil aircraft other than those
specified in paragraph (b) (l) of this section, other reliable information appropriate to the
aircraft, relating to aircraft performance under expected values of airport elevation and
runway slope, aircraft gross weight, and wind and temperature".
                                                                                                   PAJ telecom

                                                                                                                                       PO Box 522
                                                                                                                                        Gladstone, OR 97027
                                                                                                                                       Phone: 503.481.1669

           An exemption is requested from section 91.103, as FAA approved rotorcraft flight
manuals will not be used. In the absence of the flight manuals the PIC will take all pre-flight
actions, including reviewing weather, flight battery requirements, landing and takeoff
distances, and aircraft performance data before starting a flight.

           PAJtelecom seeks exemption from 14C.F.R. 91.105, which discusses flight
Crewmembers at stations.
Specifically, 91.105 states "(a) During takeoff and landing, and while en-route, each required
flight crewmember shall (1) Be at the crewmember station unless the absence is necessary
to perform duties in connection with the operation of the aircraft or in connection with
physiological needs; and (2) Keep the safety belt fastened while at the crewmember station.
(b) Each required flight crewmember of a U.S.-registered civil aircraft shall, during takeoff
and landing, keep his or her shoulder harness fastened while at his or her assigned duty
station. This paragraph does not apply if (1) The seat at the crewmember's station is not
equipped with a shoulder harness; or (2) The crewmember would be unable to perform
required duties with the shoulder harness fastened. PAJ telecom will need exemption from
this regulation due to the fact that the sUAS will not have a flight crew or crew station other
than the PIC. The PIC will also not have to be restrained into a seat via shoulder harness or
safety belt at the time of the flight.

           PAJ telecom seeks exemption from 14 C.F.R. 91.109, which discusses flight instruction,
simulated instrument flight, and certain flight tests. Specifically, 91.109 states "(a) No person
may operate a civil aircraft (except a manned free balloon) that is being used for flight
instruction unless that aircraft has fully functioning dual controls. However, instrument flight
instruction may be given in an airplane that is equipped with a single, functioning throw over
control wheel that controls the elevator and ailerons, in place of fixed, dual controls, when (1)
The instructor has determined that the flight can be conducted safely; and (2) The person
manipulating the controls has at least a private pilot certificate with appropriate category and
class ratings. (b) An airplane equipped with a single, functioning throw over control wheel that
controls the elevator and ailerons, in place of fixed, dual controls may be used for flight
instruction to conduct a flight review required by §61.56 of this chapter, or to obtain recent
flight experience or an instrument proficiency check required by §61.57 when (1) The airplane
is equipped with operable rudder pedals at both pilot stations; (2) The pilot manipulating the
controls is qualified to serve and serves as pilot in command during the entire flight;
                                                                                                  PAJ telecom

                                                                                                                                       PO Box 522
                                                                                                                                       Gladstone, OR 97027
                                                                                                                                      Phone: 503.481.1669

          3) The instructor is current and qualified to serve as pilot in command of the airplane,
meets the requirements of §61.195(b), and has logged at least 25 hours of pilot -in-command
flight time in the make and model of airplane; and (4) The pilot in command and the instructor
have determined the flight can be conducted safely. (c) No person may operate a civil aircraft
in simulated instrument flight unless (1) The other control seat is occupied by a safety pilot
who possesses at least a private pilot certificate with category and class ratings appropriate to
the aircraft being flown. (2) The safety pilot has adequate vision forward and to each side of
the aircraft, or a competent observer in the aircraft adequately supplements the vision of the
safety pilot; and (3) Except in the case of lighter-than-air aircraft, that aircraft is equipped
with fully functioning dual controls.

           However, simulated instrument flight may be conducted in a single-engine airplane,
equipped with a single, functioning, throw over control wheel, in place of fixed, dual controls
of the elevator and ailerons, when (i) The safety pilot has determined that the flight can be
conducted safely; and (ii) The person manipulating the controls has at least a private pilot
certificate with appropriate category and class ratings. (d) No person may operate a civil
aircraft that is being used for a flight test for an airline transport pilot certificate or a class or
type rating on that certificate, or for a part 121 proficiency flight test, unless the pilot seated
at the controls, other than the pilot being checked, is fully qualified to act as pilot in
command of the aircraft". Again, PAJ telecom believes that there is inconclusive evidence
that a person with a private pilot certificate or license can successfully maneuver or train
someone to use an sUAS without first hand flight experience with the particular sUAS.
Therefore, we believe our own flight training and first hand experiences with the sUAS will be
satisfactory. Also, the sUAS will be operated by a remote control, which will only require a
one person operator and dual controls will not be necessary.

          PAJ telecom seeks exemption from 14C.F.R. 91.119, which discusses minimum safe
altitudes. Specifically, 14 C.F.R. 91.119 states "Except when necessary for takeoff or landing,
no person may operate an aircraft below the following altitudes: (a) Anywhere. An altitude
allowing, if a power unit fails, an emergency landing without undue hazard to persons or
property on the surface. (b) Over congested areas. Over any congested area of a city, town, or
settlement, or over any open air assembly of persons, an altitude of 1,000 feet above the
highest obstacle within a horizontal radius of 2,000 feet of the aircraft. (c) Over other than
congested areas. An altitude of 500 feet above the surface, except over open water or sparsely
populated areas. In those cases, the aircraft may not be operated closer than 500 feet to any
person, vessel, vehicle, or structure.
                                                       PAJ telecom

                                                       PO Box 522
                                                       Gladstone, OR 97027
                                                       Phone: 503.481.1669

           (d) Helicopters, powered parachutes, and weight-shift-control aircraft. If the
operation is conducted without hazard to persons or property on the surface- (1) A helicopter
may be operated at less than the minimums prescribed in paragraph (b) or (c) of this
section, provided each person operating the helicopter complies with any routes or
altitudes specifically prescribed for helicopters by the FAA; and (2) A powered parachute or
weight-shift-control aircraft may be operated at less than the minimums prescribed in
paragraph (c) of this section". PAJ telecom seeks exemption from this regulation due to the
fact that towers are less than 400ft and we will be flying in close proximities of the towers to
gather our information.

           PAJ telecom seeks exemption from 14 C.F.R. 91.121, which discusses altimeter
settings. Specifically, 14 C.F.R. 91.121, (a) Each person operating an aircraft shall maintain
the cruising altitude or flight level of that aircraft, as the case may be, by reference to an
altimeter that is set, when operating ­ (1) Below 18,000 feet MSL, to ­ (i) The current
reported altimeter setting of a station along the route and within 100 nautical miles of the
aircraft; (ii) If there is no station within the area prescribed in paragraph (a) (1) (i) of this
section, the current reported altimeter setting of an appropriate available station; or (iii) In
the case of an aircraft not equipped with a radio, the elevation of the departure airport or
an appropriate altimeter setting available before departure; or (2) At or above 18,000 feet
MSL, to 29.92 Hg. (b) The lowest usable flight level is determined by the atmospheric pressure
in the area of operation as shown in the following table:

Current altimeter setting  Lowest usable flight level

29.92 (or higher}          180

29.91 through 29.42        185

29.41through 28.92         190

28.91 through 28.42        195

28.41 through 27.92        200

27.91through 27.42         205

27.41 through 26.92        210

{c} To convert minimum altitude prescribed under §§91.119 and 91.177 to the minimum
                                                                                                  PAJ telecom

                                                                                                                                      PO Box 522
                                                                                                                                       Gladstone, OR 97027
                                                                                                                                      Phone: 503.481.1669

flight level, the pilot shall take the flight level equivalent of the minimum altitude in feet
and add the appropriate number of feet specified below, according to the current reported
altimeter setting:"

Current altimeter setting  Adjustment factor

29.92 (or higher}          None

29.91 through 29.42        500

29.41through 28.92         1,000

28.91 through 28.42        1,500

28.41 through 27.92        2,000

27.91 through 27.42        2,500

27.41 through 26.92        3,000

As our sUAS does not have a barometric altimeter, but instead outputs GPS altitude data, an
exemption is needed. An equivalent level of safety will be achieved by the PIC confirming
the altitude of the launch siteshown onthe GPS altitude indicator before and during the flight.

          PAJ telecom seeks exemption from 14 C.F.R. 91. 151, which discusses fuel
requirements for flight in VFR conditions. Specifically, 91.151states "(a) No person may
begin a flight in an airplane under VFR conditions unless (considering wind and forecast
weather conditions) there is enough fuel to fly to the first point of intended landing and,
assuming normal cruising speed- (1) During the day, to fly after that for at least 30
minutes; or (2) At night, to fly after that for at least 45 minutes. (b) No person may begin a
flight in a rotorcraft under VFR conditions unless (considering wind and forecast weather
conditions) there is enough fuel to fly to the first point of intended landing and, assuming
normal cruising speed, to fly after that for at least 20 minutes".

           PAJ telecoms sUAShas a maximum flight time of 25 minutes which is less than the
30 minute reserve minimum. This reserve minimum would not even allow PAJ telecoms
sUAS a chance to fly. In PAJ telecoms aircraft flight manual, the PIC is instructed to
maintain flight until battery power reaches 25%. PAJ telecom believes the restraint issued
in our aircraft flight manual achieves a satisfactory safety standard to go by.
                                                                                                  PAJ telecom

                                                                                                                                      PO Box 522
                                                                                                                                       Gladstone, OR 97027
                                                                                                                                      Phone: 503.481.1669

           This restriction would also be more than adequate to return the sUAS to its home
point or pre-determined landing-zone from anywhere in its already limited operating area.
PAJ telecom's sUAS will not be flown during night or late evening hours.

          PAJ telecom seeks exemption from 14 C.F.R. 91.203, which discusses civil aircraft
required certifications. Specifically, 91.203 states "(a) Except as provided in §91.715, no
person may operate a civil aircraft unless it has within it the following: (1) An appropriate and
current airworthiness certificate. Each U.S. airworthiness certificate used to comply with this
subparagraph (except a special flight permit, a copy of the applicable operations
specifications issued under §21.197(c) of this chapter, appropriate sections of the air carrier
manual required by parts 121and 135 of this chapter containing that portion of the
operations specifications issued under §21.197(c), or an authorization under §91.611) must
have on it the registration number assigned to the aircraft under part 47 of this chapter.
However, the airworthiness certificate need not have on it an assigned special identification
number before 10 days after that number is first affixed to the aircraft. A revised
airworthiness certificate having on it an assigned special identification number that has
been affixed to an aircraft may only be obtained upon application to an FAA Flight Standards
district office. (2) An effective U.S. registration certificate issued to its owner or, for
operation within the United States, the second copy of the Aircraft registration Application
as provided for in §47.31{c), or a registration certification issued under the laws of a foreign
country. (b) No person may operate a civil aircraft unless the airworthiness certificate
required by paragraph (a) of this section or a special flight authorizati on issued under
§91.715 is displayed at the cabin or cockpit entrance so that it is legible to passengers or
crew. (c) No person may operate an aircraft with a fuel tank installed within the passenger
compartment or a baggage compartment unless the installation was accomplished pursuant
to part 43 of this chapter, and a copy of FAA Form 337 authorizing that installation is on
board the aircraft. (d) No person may operate a civil airplane (domestic or foreign) into or
out of an airport in the United States unless it complies with the fuel venting and exhaust
emissions requirements of part 34 of this chapter".

          PAJ telecom believes that an appropriate and current airworthiness certificate
would not be necessary to fly a sUAS given the size of the aircraft and the necessary level of
skill needed to operate the aircraft. PAJ telecom seeks exemption from this regulation
because we believe this rule was not meant for a sUAS and operators.
                                                                                                  PAJ telecom

                                                                                                                                       PO Box 522
                                                                                                                                       Gladstone, OR 97027
                                                                                                                                      Phone: 503.481.1669

            PAJtelecom seeks exemption from 14 C.F.R. 91.405, 91.407, 91.409, and 91.417,
 which discusses required aircraft maintenance, operation after maintenance, preventive
 maintenance, rebuilding, or alteration, inspections, and maintenance records. In
 PAJtelecom's aircraft flight manual, maintenance and inspection procedures have been
 established for the aircraft. PAJtelecom believes these regulations are meant for manned
 operated aircrafts and not unmanned systems, therefore making them unnecessary.

            Nevertheless, we seek an exemption from any such specific provisions to the extent
 FAA finds it necessary to grant this request.

     (d) The reasons why granting PAJtelecom's request would be in the public interest; that is,
          how it would benefit the public as a whole

     PAJ telecom is classified as a utility by the U.S. Department of Transportation and
provides services to the wireless and wind turbine industry. Wireless and wind turbine services
have become a major backbone for nationwide 911 emergency response and PAJ telecom's
use of a sUAS can assist in verifying that the components that make up that backbone are
fully functional and in proper repair. PAJ telecom's sUAS usage in the wireless and wind
turbine industry, we will be able to gather valuable information to help increase safety and
productivity. In addition, the sUAS will minimize the need for technicians to climb towers or
wind turbines, putting fewer lives in danger. Ultimately, climbers will still be needed to
install tower equipment, but a sUAS will decrease the amount of times a climber will be
needed. (e)The reasons why granting the exemption would not adversely affect safety, or how
the exemption would provide a level of safety at least equal to that provided by the rule from
which PAJ telecom seeks exemption our Engineering department will provide a level of
safety that exceeds the level of safety required by the FAA for its use on sUAS. The following
are PAJ telecom's safety procedures, features, regulations, and operating specifications for
our sUAS:
                                 PAJ telecom

                                 PO Box 522
                                 Gladstone, OR 97027
                                 Phone: 503.481.1669

Training procedures Section (A)

 The Pilot In Command (PIC) and potential observers will be required to wear
     hard hats, safety vests, and safety glasses to protect the head and eyes from
     potential mishaps during given operational flights including training or testing of
     sUAS.

 The flight area of the sUAS will be observed for best takeoff and landing
     locations. Desired conditions include: flat and level surfaces clear of debris, at
     least 15ft from power lines and structures, and a minimum distance of 12ft
     from the PIC and observers.

 The sUAS will also be in the Visual Line of Sight (VLOS) to both the PIC and
     potential observers during all flights.

 Flights must take place during good weather conditions with no rain, low laying
     clouds, or heavy winds. All flights will take place during daylight hours with no
     evening or late night flights.

 The PIC(s) of the sUAS will at least have 7 training hours or 15 flights
     accrued before being designated working flights around cellular
     communication towers.

 The sUAS will have safety bumpers, sold by the manufacturer, installed around
     the propellers to protect the propellers, structures and persons from damage
     and injury.

 All batteries must be charged completely before each flight and each flight
     must end when the battery has a 25% power level remaining.

 A visual safety inspection will occur before each flight testing propeller
     tightness, lens cap removals, bumper guards installed property, mobile device
     positioned correctly onto remote, and proper safety equipment is adorned to PIC
     and observers.

 The sUAS will be flown under a height of 400 ft AGL and in less than a 10,000
     square feet area.

 No operator or potential observer will engage in, nor may an operator or
     potential observer permit, any activity during a critical phase of flight so as to
     ensure that the sUAS is in a condition for safe flight operation and in a
     configuration appropriate for the purpose of the intended flight.
                                                                                       PAJ telecom

                                                                                                                       PO Box 522
                                                                                                                        Gladstone, OR 97027
                                                                                                                       Phone: 503.481.1669

 If there is more than just an operator at a site during a flight, the operator and
     observer(s) will maintain two-way communication with each other during all
     operations; if unable to maintain two-way communications, or if any condition
     occurs that may otherwise cause the operation to be unsafe, the operator will
     immediately conclude the operation.

 If the communication link is lost, the sUAS will go into failsafe mode and safely
     descend to its designated home-point location. -If the communication link is
     reconnected during fail-safe mode, control of the sUAS can be regained before
     landing occurs at the home-point location.

 There is no fuel or payload to the sUAS, therefore there will be no potential
     explosives or risk of explosion if a crash occurs with the sUAS.

 The sUAS will feature a built in compass that will be recalibrated at every site to
     maintain accurate directional readings. The compass will also help in keeping the
     sUAS stable during flights.

 The sUAS will record GPS location data once Ready to Fly status has been
     obtained. A minimum of 6 satellites will activate the Ready to Fly status

 The weight of the sUAS is less than 10lbs. with a maximum ascent speed of 6
     m/s and a descent speed of 2 m/s. The aircrafts maximum flight speed is 15
     m/s.

 The aircrafts vertical and horizontal aspect concerning hovering accuracy is 0.8m
     and 2.Sm respectfully.

 The aircrafts maximum yaw angular velocity is 200°/second with a maximum
     tilt angle of 35°

 The aircraft wheelbase is 350mm in length.
 The tilting range of the aircrafts gimbal is between 0° and 60°.
 The CE and FCC compliance communication distance in an open area for the

     remote controller is 300m and 500m respectfully. The remote has an operating
     frequency of 5.728 GHz and 5.85 GHz.
 The CE and FCC compliance transmitting power (EIRP) of the remote controller
     is 25mW and 125mW respectfully. The remotes working current and voltage is
     80mA at 6V and runs off 4 AA batteries.
 The remote range extender has an operating frequency between 2412 MHz and
     2462 MHz. The open area communication distance of the range extender
     is300m with a transmitting power of 17dBm.

                                                                                       PAJ telecom

                                                                                                                       PO Box 522
                                                                                                                        Gladstone, OR 97027
                                                                                                                       Phone: 503.481.1669

 The aircraft runs off a 5200mAh Li-Po battery.
 The mounted camera has a resolution of 14 megapixels and a Field Of View

     (FOV) of 120°/110°/85°. The sensor size of the camera is a 1/2.3" and supports
     HD video recording as well as RAW and JPEG photo formats.
 The phone application will work on Apple iOS 6.0 or above and Android system
     4.0 and above. Tablets running these operating systems will also be supported,
     but not recommended. The phone application will operate as the First Person
     Viewer (FPV) for the aircraft.
                                                                                                    PAJ telecom

                                                                                                                                         PO Box 522
                                                                                                                                          Gladstone, OR 97027
                                                                                                                                         Phone: 503.481.1669

      (!) A summary FAA can publish in the FEDERAL REGISTER, stating: (1) The rule from which
            you seek the exemption; and (2)A brief description of the nature of the exemption you
            seek
            Petitioner: PAJ telecom Systems, Inc.

            Sections of 14 C.F.R. Affected: 21Subpart H; 45.23(b); 61.113(a)(b); 91.103; 91.105;
            91.109; 91.119(c); 91.121(a)(l)(iii); 91.151(a)(l); 91.203; 91.405; 91.407; 91.409; and
            91.417

            Description of Relief Sought: Petitioner seeks relief from the requirements of 14 C.F.R.
 21 Subpart H; 45.23(b); 61.113(a)(b); 91.103; 91.105; 91.109; 91.119(c); 91.121(a)(1)(iii);
 91.151(a)(1);91.203; 91.405; 91.407; 91.409; and 91.417to conduct cellular tower and wind
 turbine surveys for our customer base providers on their properties and subject to
 operating procedures that meet or exceed those that FAA requires.

       (g} Any additional information, views or arguments available to support your request

            Please see the introduction to this exemption request.

       (h) If you want to exercise the privileges of your exemption outside of the United States,
            the reason why you need to do so

            The Operations described in this exemption request will be conducted wholly within
            the United States.

Please do not hesitate to contact me via email at josephallen@pajtelecom.com if you have any
question or concerns.

Respectfully submitted,

Joseph Allan
PAJ telecom
PO Box 522
Gladstone, OR 97027
Phone: 503.481.1669
