August 10, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12381
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­1823

Mr. Michael D. Curran
Curran and Curran Law
Counsel for PaleoWest Archeology
90 North Coast Highway 101
Encinitas, CA 92024

Dear Mr. Curran:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated May 11, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of PaleoWest Archeology (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption. The
petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct aerial
photography, videography, mapping, and inspections.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner are the Event 38 E384 and the DJI Phantom 2.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
                                                                                                                 2

consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

· They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

· The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

· A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, PaleoWest Archeology is granted an exemption from
14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c),
91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to
the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                             3

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, PaleoWest Archeology is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the Event 38 E384 and
    DJI Phantom 2 when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed
    operations of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this
    exemption.

2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
    not permitted.

3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
    exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
    compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
    airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
    aircraft manufacturer.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
    electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
    must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
    required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
                                                                                                            4

    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.
                                                                                                            5

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.
                                                                                                            6

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

    The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
    nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
    reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
    contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.
                                                                                                                 7

 If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
 television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                      8

This exemption terminates on August 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
CURRAN & CURRAN LAW                                                     MICHAEL D. CURRAN, ESQ., ATP
                                                                        SUSAN M. CURRAN, ESQ.
90 NORTH COAST HIGHWAY 101. SUITE 103. ENCINITAS. CALIFORNIA 92024__ .
TELEPHONE 760. 634. 1229 FACSIMILE 760. 634. 0729

May 11, 2015

U. S. Department of Transportation
Docket Management System
1200 New Jersey Ave., SE
Washington, DC 20590

        Re: Exemption Request; Section 333 of the FAA Modernization & Reform Act and

                   Part 11 of the Federal Aviation Regulations from 14 C.F.R. 45.23(b);14 CFR Part
                   21;14 CFR 61.113 (a) & (b); 91.7 (a); 91.9 (b) (2); 91.103(b); 91.109; 91.119;
                   91.121; 91.151 (a); 91.203(a) & (b); 91.405 (a); 91.407(a) (1); 91.409 (a) (2);

                 91.417 (a) & (b).

Dear Sir or Madam:

         Petitioner PaleoWest Archeology hereby petitions the Secretary of Transportation and
Federal Aviation Administration ("FAA") for exemption to the above referenced and below more
fully described Federal Aviation Regulations, ("FARs") that currently may, or may not apply to
the recreational/commercial operations of model aircrafUsmall unmanned aerial vehicles/
systems ("SUAV").

1. Prefatory Statement to Petition

         In June, 1981, the FAA published an advisory circular, AC 91-57, (an advisory
publication giving non-regulatory information/guidance. Advisory circulars do not create or
change regulations and are not binding on the public.) AC 91-57 was entitled "Model Aircraft
Operating Standards" and gave non-regulatory suggestions to model aircraft operators on
suggested procedures for operating their models. This was the sole publication by the FAA
which addressed SUAV for the next nearly 25 years.

         In September 2005, the FAA appeared to turn its' attention toward unprecedented
attempts at regulating model aircraft specifically the more modern SUAV. The FAA, for the
first time in history now termed these devises as Unmanned Aerial Systems ("UAS") seemingly
to align with their attempts at enforcement. The FAA published "AFS-400 UAS POLICY 05-01
-Unmanned Aircraft Systems Operations in the U. S. National Airspace System- Interim
Operational Approval Guidance." This interim internal FAA memo expressly confirms that
"[t]his policy is not meant as a substitute for any regulatory process." Still, it purported to
"require" a Certificate of Authorization ("COA") or Waiver to use SUAVS. The new FAA policy
relied for legal/regulatory "authority" on the non-regulatory, AC 91-57.

                                                       Page 1 of 20
         In February, 2007 the FAA, published a 2007 "policy statement" in the Federal Register.
The 2007 Policy Statement started by defining "unmanned aircraft" as "a device that is used or
intended to be used, for flight in the air with no onboard pilot" and it purported to include "a
remotely controlled model airplane used for recreatiqnal purposes." The FAA termed these
devices "UAS" and then purported to articulate the new FAA "policy" for "UAS" operations was
that "no person may operate a "UAS" in the National Airspace System without specific
authority." For the first time ever, the 2007 Notice purported to articulate two new alleged
"rules": (1) Model aircraft can no longer be operated for a "business" purpose; and (2) a Model
aircraft operated for a business purpose requires a COA, or special Certificate of Operating
Authority and therefore is subject to the FAR's.

         Thereafter beginning in 2007 and continuing to present based on these two new FAA
internal "policies" and without citing to any actual federal law, or FARs, the FAA then sent
various cease and desist notices to model aircraft/SUAVS operators indicating their activity
was not authorized and describing the COA process and threatening to impose a $10,000 fine
if they did not comply with the new FAA policies which the FAA indicated created a "ban" on
using SUAVS for a "business/commercial purpose." The FAA's current position is the
business/commercial use of SUAVS is "not authorized."

                   ' . !", .._.!t;;·.~..~·~·..Jt .... : f.. ;;));,.~· .                     .  :

In 2012, following the FAA's attempts to regulate ·Using internal policy memos, Congress

enacted the Federal Aviation Administration Reform and Modernization Act, ["FRMA"]. The

FRMA allows the Secretary of Transportation to "exempt" SUAVS from existing Federal Law,

FARs to the extent any federal law or FAR actually currently apply to SUAVS.

Recently, on February 15, 2015 in Washington, D.C. at just after 10 a.m. EST, the FAA

released their proposed rules for small SUAVS incorporating them into the National Airspace

System ["NAS"]. These are proposed rules. thatl;lave yeUo go. through the statutory Federal
                   .:'i l . j l j ·.. ··; jl.. : {_1,1 '· ·il.,·-...· 1._' · < . ' '··-  i     '

Rule making process to actually become law, but at present they are instructive for current

model aircraft!SUAV recreational and commercial operators. They include staying below 500

ft. AGL, below 100 mph, staying out navigable airspace, staying away from airspace

surrounding airports, seeing and avoiding other aircraft, taking a FAA knowledge test and a

number of other common sense proposed rules, that this firm believes will ultimately govern

SUAVS operations. See, http://www.faa.gov/regulations_policies/rulemaking/media/021515_

sUAS_Summary. pdf

                                                                                                      . ' ,·! ·~·- :· i -~ ( ~~ n_! l ,.__1"i f ,! ~ i ~..:: li ~ (l : i . t; '"' ! . ·

         Most recently, Petitioner is aware the FAA has' granted similar exemptions across the

country for aerial photography and other uses that benefit the public and enhance aviation

safety.

         Petitioner at all times has and currently operates their SUAVS following the safety
guidelines of AC 91-57.

Ill
                                                        Page 2 of 20
2. Petition for Exemption

         With the above preface, pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform
Act of 2012 ("FMRA") and 14 C.F.R. Part 11, Petitioner PaleoWest Archeology operator of
actual manned aircraft as well as SUAV, requests exemption to conduct aerial
photography/inspection/mapping including but not . limited to the following; aerial
photography/inspection/mapping services for Archaeological sites as well as aerial
photography/inspection/mapping for roads, pipelines and pipeline corridors, cell towers, wind
farms, and for general land management all in non-navigable airspace, using non-intrusive
recording devices, operation in otherwise unrestricted US States/Territories; to allow
commercial operation of its SUAVS, so long as such operations are conducted within and
under the conditions outlined herein, or as may be established by the FAA, or as required by
Section 333.

3. Name and Address of the Petitioner

PaleoWest Archeology is a large, professional archaeological, ethnographic, paleontological,
and historical consulting service that operates in compliance with the National Historic
Preservation Act and other regulations. They have offices in Denver, CO, Farmington, NM, New
York, NY and Pasadena, CA. Their headquarters are located at:

PaleoWest Archeology         '' _j           ··-'',\L
319 East Palm Lane
Phoenix, AZ 85004
602.261.7253
http://www.paleowest.com

Contact person:

Chester P. Walker, PhD, Senior Technologist

PaleoWest Archaeology     '

cwalker@paleowest.com

512.577.2438 cell

4. Public Interest

         As described more fully below, the requested exemption would permit the operation of
SUAV under controlled conditions in airspace that is 1) limited 2) predetermined; and 3)
controlled as to access. The exemption would also provide safety enhancements to the
already safe operations within the aerial photography industry presently using conventional
aircraft by using small, unmanned and relatively inexpensive SUAV.

         Approval of this exemption would thereby enhance safety and fulfill the Secretary of
Transportation's (the FAA Administrator's) responsibilities to" ... establish requirements for the
safe operation of such aircraft systems in the national airspace system." Section 333(c) of the
FMRA. By authorizing E384/Phantom operations, the FAA would advance the public
interest by reducing the number of manned aircraft in the NAS; reducing air and noise

                             Page 3 of 20
                                                       .·.'.: ~·.. ' . ..

pollution; reducing the risk to life and property on the ground; and increasing agricultural
economic growth.

         Petitioner asserts that allowing E384/Phantom operations would reduce the burden on
air traffic controllers; would reduce air and noise pollution from the manned aircraft that would
otherwise be used; would reduce fuel use, as the E384/Phantom is battery-powered unlike the
manned aircraft it would replace; and would reduce the risk to life and property on the ground,
as the E384/Phantom contains no pilot and is constructed of a small, lightweight foam
airframe.

         Finally, the petitioner asserts that the high-resolution image data generated from
E384/Phantom would provide scientists with important information that would assist efforts in
aerial photography/inspection/mapping including but not limited to the following; aerial
photography/inspection/mapping services for Archaeological sites as well as aerial
photography/inspection/mapping for roads, pipelines and pipeline corridors, cell towers, wind
farms, and for general land management all in non-navigable airspace, using non-intrusive
recording devices.

         The petitioner asserts that all of this would result in a major increase in economic
growth, which would be in the public interest.

5. Precedent for Granting Exemption for' 1;~~4/.P~·Hmtqrn . __
                                                                                               . ' -"' j I t.' ( 1 ~ i !._, ·, .> ;, { : t ·.: ! ! .::d\ 1. (---~ I' i ·-·:

         There is a precedent for the requested exemption using the same SUAV, the E384 in
the matter of the petition of PRAVIA, LLC On January 29, 2015 the FAA granted/issued
Exemption No. 11166, Regulatory Docket No. FAA-2014-0790. There are numerous grants
across the country using the DJI Phantom 2 series of SUAV.

         The E384 SUAV is manufactured by, ~vent 38 located in Akron, Ohio. The system

~onsist~ of a lightweight bat~ery op~ratect~ir~r-~Jti'n~~PHf~~ R~Q~f1?.1r~t~tipr, 9nd a_ssoci~ted data

hnk equrpment. The E384 arrframe rs constructed of EPO foam wrth a carbon frber tarl and

weighs 5.9 lbs. with a wingspan of 6.2 ft. and total length of 4.3 ft. The E384 is powered by two

lithium polymer batteries that drive an electric propeller. It is hand launched, has maximum

flight time of 100 minutes, and operates at a cruising speed of 27 mph. The ground control

station consist of a Turnigy 9XR remote and PC computer which have a maximum data link

range of 5.4 NM. If the E384 loses link with the ground control station or detects a low battery

state at any time it will initiate a return-to-:launch.~equenpe .
          . ' '· .1 _i :· .· ( .~ -~~· ; '
                                                ; J. ,: i. l

The E384 has extensive flight experience and a history of operational success

overseas, including flights by over one hundred professional operators on 6 continents. It has

been used in Uganda to survey potential land for the construction of a hydroelectric power

plant. It has also been used in Greece by the National Technical University of Athens to study

open-pit mining. In Belize the Fishery Department started routine flights with the E384 to track

illegal fishing in protected waters. More recently in the United States the E384 was flown over

three days at the Cleveland Airshow, demonstrating its ability to safely integrate and operate in
the NAS.  ., . ,. , . -,-_ ..: . '                                                               '

          ~-.. . · '                        .:  ··. ;              ~ ;' : : )' ·.j ; .. i  .. '  .  '

          Page 4 of 20
         For PaleoWest checklists please see Ex. 1 Attached. For additional information on the
E384, reference Ex. 2 (E384 Operations Manual) and Ex. 3, E384 Mainte~ance Manual, which
specify manufacturing information, aircraft performance, operating limits, l]lOrmal and I
emergency procedures, fail-safe features, and maintenance ·and inspectio'n procedures.

         Petitioner also requests exemption to operate the DJI Phantom group of SUAVS a class
and category of SUAVwell known to the FAA. The Phantom Operations Manual is available
upon request.

6. Regulations Petitioner Petitions for Exemption, If Such Regulations Apply tc? SUAVS
                         . . I I-· . Yi '' ': .,w:
                         -- ·~·  ·---"-                       -
                                            ......,._...,..~                                                      :

14 CFR Part 21           14 C.F.R. 91.109                     14 CFR 91.405 (a)

14 C.F.R. 45.23(b)       14 C.F. R. 91.119                    14 CFR 407 (a) (1)

14 CFR 61.113 (a) & (b)  14 C.F.R. 91.121                     14 CFR 409 (a) (2)

14 C.F.R. 91.7 (a)       14 CFR 91.151 (a)                    14 CFR 417 (a) & (b)

14 CFR 91.9 (b) (2)      14 CFR 91.203 (a) & (b)

14 C.F.R. 91.103

                                 .~ i : ! -· .
                         ,,'_,-·~:~·· ·. l·,r,-·. ·!.··~'~....... ~~·.-... 1~1(,,.,·~ r4rl(l ' ! '~· l i T !~- ·

         This exemption application is expressly submitted to fulfill Congress' goal in passing
Section 333 (a) through (c) of the Reform Act. This law directs the Secretary of Transportation

                         Page 5 of 20
to consider whether certain unmanned aircraft systems may operate safely in the national
airspace system ("NAS") before completion of the rulemaking required under Section 333 of
the FMRA. In making this determination, the Secretary is required to determine which types of

SUAVS/UAS do not create a hazard to users of tne NAS, or the public, or pose a threat to

national security in light of the following:

         A. The SUAV size, weight, speed, and operational capability;
         B. Operation of the SUAVS in close proximity to airports and populated areas; and
         C. Operation of the SUAVS within visual line of sight of the operator. FMRA § 333 (a).

         Lastly, if the Secretary determines that such vehicles "may operate safely in the national
airspace system, the Secretary shall establish requirements for the safe operation of such
aircraft in the national airspace system." /d. §333(c) (emphasis added). The Petitioner
interprets this provision to place the duty on the Secretary/FAA Administrator to not only
process applications for exemptions under section 333, but for the Secretary/Administrator to
affirmatively craft conditions for the safe operation of the SUAVS, if it should be determined
that the conditions set forth herein do not fulfill the statutory requirements for approval.

        The Federal Aviation Act expressly:9t~nt~Jh~.',$.~¢r~te\~/F:M.Administrator th~ authority

to issue exemptions. This statutory authority, by its terms, includes exempting civil aircraft, as
the term is defined under §401 01 of the Act, which currently may or hereafter may include
SUAVs, from the requirement that all civil aircraft must have a current airworthiness certificate.

         The Secretary/FAA Administrator may grant an exemption from a requirement of a
regulation prescribed under subsection (a) or (b) of this section or any sections 44702-44716
of this title if the Secretary/FAA Administrator fit:~ds the exemption in the public intere$t. 49
U.S.C. §44701 (f) See also 49 USC §447J1ta);_·1~UJ$Q. §:~47.04,;J4 CFR§91.203 (a) (1).

         The PaleoWest Archeology SUAV described hereinabove are both fixed wing electric
motor type configuration as well as multi-rotorcraft equipped with an on board NAZA computer
stabilization controller and GPS, return to home and other safety features, weighting 55 lbs or
less and most typically less than 10 lbs., including camera/payload. They operate, under
normal conditions, at speeds of 5-40 KIAS and at speed of no more than 50 KIAS and have
the capability to hover and move in the vert)cal .(:llld ~orizonta! plane indep~ndently/ .
simultaneously. They will operate in line ·ot;sight and \ivilloperafe only within the areas
described herein. Such operations will insure that the SUAVS will "not create a hazard to
users of the NAS or the "public" as described in the FMRA §333(b).

         Given the small size of the SUAV involved, and the limited environment within which
they will operate, the Petitioner falls squarely within that zone of safety (an equivalent level of
safety) in which Congress envisioned that the FAA must, by exemption, allow commercial
operations of SUAV to commence immediat,ely. Also, due to the size of the SUAVS and the
restricted areas in which the relevant SUAV'willo'peh:ite, approval of the application presents
no national security issue.

                                                        Page 6 of 20
         Given the clear direction in FMRA §333, the authority contained in the Federal Aviation
Act, as amended, the strong equivalent level of safety surrounding the proposed operations,
and the significant public benefit, including enhanced safety, reduction in environmental
impacts (including reduced emissions associated with allowing SUAV for filming operations
rather than full-sized aircraft, the grant of the requested exemptions is in the public interest.
Accordingly, the Petitioner respectfully requests that the FAA grant the requested exemption
without delay.

7. Limitations and Conditions

         The Petitioner proposes that the exemption requested herein be issued pursuant the
limitations and conditions listed herein. These conditions/limitations provide for an even higher
level of safety to operations under the current regulatory structure which apply to actual
certificated aircraft because the proposed operations represent a safety enhancement to the
already very safe SUAV filming operations conducted by recreational SUAVS and conventional
aircraft.

         Petitioner's primary missions include but are not limited to aerial
photography/inspection/mapping services for Archaeological sites as well as aerial
photography/inspection/mapping for roads, pipelines and pipeline corridors, cell towers, wind
farms, and for general land management all in non-navigable airspace, using non-intrusive
recording devices, operation in otherwise unrestricted US States/Territories; hereby applies for
an exemption from the listed Federal Aviation Regulations ("FARs") to allow commercial
operation of its SUAVs, so long as such operations are conducted within and under the
conditions outlined herein or as may be established by the FAA as required by Section 333.

         Petitioner's primary operational locations shall be in the continental United States.

         These limitations and conditions to which PaleoWest Archeology agrees to be bound
when conducting business/commercial operations under this FAA issued exemption are
consistent with the Administrators previous grant of Exemption include:

         1) Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the following aircraft
described in the operating documents which are both a fixed wing E384 and OJI Phantom 2
quad-rotor aircraft weighing about 5 pounds any other aircraft will require a new petition or a
petition to amend this grant.

         2) UAS operations under this exemption are limited to conducting operations for the
purpose of aerial photography and inspection for ,Vqrious industries.

                                                                                                                                            : l .- . \ ) ~ ~-~ (" '-." ';, ..": . ! :..-.·; ; ~:' \.,_, - l ' .

         3) The UA may not be flown at an indicated airspeed exceeding 50 knots.

         4) The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
(AGL), as indicated by the procedures specified in the operating documents. All altitudes
reported to ATC must be in feet AGL.

                                                        Page 7 of 20
         5) The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the pilot in command
(PIC) at all times. This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device
other than corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate.

         6) All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used to satisfy
the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS capability. The VO and PIC
must be able to communicate verbally at all times. Electronic messaging or texting is not
permitted during flight operations. The PIC must _be qesigna.teo before the flight and cannot
transfer his or her designation for the duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO
can perform the functions prescribed in the operating documents.

         7) The VO must not perform any other duties beyond assisting the PIC with seeing and
avoiding other air traffic and other ground based obstacles/obstructions, and is not permitted to
operate the camera or other instruments.

       8) The operating documents and thi$;g~r~ht':of ex~h1'p't,i()IJ)l1L!St be atcessible during

UAS operations and made available to the Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists
between the conditions and limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the
operating documents, the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be
followed. Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the operator's
responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised documents to the
Administrator upon request. The operator lllust,~l~q.pre.~en,tupdated and revised do.cuments
if it petitions for extension or amendment to' tnis'gh:u1t:ofexemptiori. If the operator determines
that any update or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption,
then the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's UAS
Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding updates or revisions
to the operating documents.

         9) Prior to each flight, the PIC must inspect the UAS to ensure it is in a condition for
safe flight. If the inspection reveals a condition that affects th~ safe operation of the UAS, the

UAS is prohibited from operating until the nede~s'a'l}l 'mafnteh'arice has been performed and the

UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight. The Ground Control Station must be included
in the preflight inspection. All maintenance and alterations must be properly documented in
the aircraft records.

10) Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS

operation or flight characteristics (e.g. replacement of a flight critical component) must undergo

a functional test flight. The PIC who conducts the functional test flight must make an entry in
                               I; . ': ' l  : '· .- ·: ..... l l I l  · ·I ~ .  ·
                       · · · ·· ·· · · · ''
the aircraft records.  ' ·· :

11) The pre-flight inspection section in the operating documents must account for all

potential discrepancies (e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment, not already
covered in the relevant sections of the operating documents).

                       Page '8 of· 20 . ''·' .~." '· ··.<. ,
         12) The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's aircraft/component, maintenance,
overhaul, replacement, inspection, and life limitrequirernents.

         13) The operator must carry out its maintenance, inspections, and record keeping
requirements, in accordance with the operating documents. Maintenance, inspection,
alterations, and status of replacement/overhaul component parts must be noted in the aircraft
records, including total time in service, description of work accomplished, and the signature of
the authorized person returning the UAS to service.

14) Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer Safety

Bulletins.                ··

         15) The authorized person must make an entry in the aircraft record of the corrective
action taken against discrepancies discovered between inspections.

         16) The PIC must possess at least a recreational pilot airman certificate and at least a
current third class medical certificate. The PIC ,must also m~et the flight review requirements

specified in 14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraftfriwhich the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

         17) The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC meets the
operator's qualification criteria and demonstrates the ability to safely operate the UAS in a
manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated under this exemption, including evasive
and emergency maneuvers and maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels,
vehicles and structures. PIC qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner

consistent with 14 CFR § 61.51 (b). The PI.C mu~t ensure that the VO is trained appropriately in

order to fulfill her or her duties. A record of training must be documented and made available
upon request by the Administrator. Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PIGs and
VOs (training, proficiency, and experience-building),flre permitted under the terms of this
exemption. However, training may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions.
During training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for flight
operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA with appropriate

distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

        18) UAS operations may not be conduct~d during riight, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All

operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights under
special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

         19) The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point as

denoted on a current FAA-published aeronautical chart unless a letter of agreement with that

airport's management is obtained, and the operation is conducted in accordance with a Notice

to Airmen (NOTAM), as required by the operator's Certificate of Waiver or. Authorization
(COA). The letter of agreement with the airport.'h:Ja.D. ~g~m.e.n(,tn..4st. be rnade available to the
Administrator upon request.

         20) The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

            Page 9 of 20
         21) If the UA loses communications or loses its GPS signal, it must return to a
predetermined location within the planned operating area and land or be recovered in
accordance with the operating documents.

         22) The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies
in accordance with the operating documents.

         23) The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight Lmless (considering wind and forecast
weather conditions) there is enough power to fly at normal cruising speed to the intended
landing point and land the UA with 25% battery power remaining.

         24) The operator must obtain an Air Traffic Organization (ATO) issued COA prior to

conducting any operations under this grant of exemption. This COA will require the operator to

request a NOTAM not more than 72 hours in advance, but not less than 48 hours prior to the

operation. All operations shall be conducted in accordance with airspace requirements in the

ATO issued COA including class of airspace, altitud~ lev~l a.nctpptential transponder
requirements.                            . ·' ·) ,__ :,e:;:._, ;;,_, ...Ji -~c·· :._.,;,,,, ' :.:

         25) All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification (N Number)
markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must be as large as
practicable.

         26) Before conducting operations, th~ radiq fre_qye,ncy ~pe<;;trum used for operation and
                                                                 Communications Commission' · ~! : !{ ; ! l 1 lr·l! ( ·' ' 'I>., j I], · · ·' ·
control  of the  UA  must  comply  with           .  ·i  · ; ··                                                                                             other
                                                     Federal                                                                                     (FCC)  or
                                         the

appropriate government oversight agency requirements.

         27) The operator is required to keep a copy ofthe UAS manufacturer's operating/flight

manual and all other operating documents in a location accessible to the PIC, during flight

operations. These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law

enforcement official upon request.                       ' . ~i

         28) The UA must remain clear and yield the right of way to all other aviation operations
and activities at all times.

         29) The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

         30) The UA may not be operated over congested or densely populated areas.

         31) Flight operations must be condu.ct_ec:f at.!E?.?.~tj,Q.Q.f~~tfrom, all n'onparticipating

persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:               ·

         a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure that
nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises where

                                                     Page 10 of 20

                                                               · ' .. , '.·-·· · r··~~~-~ r·"'- ·.····--· r ' -
nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of the UA, flight

operations must cease immediately and/or; b. The aircraft is operated near vessels, vehicles or

structures where the owner/controller of such vessels, vehicles or structures has granted
permission and the PIC has made a safety assessment of the risk of operating closer to those
objects and determined that it does not present an undue hazard, and; c. Operations nearer to
the PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons do not present an undue hazard to those
persons per§ 91.119(a).

         32) All operations shall be conducted over private or C()ntrolled-access property with
permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative. Permission from
property owner/controller or authorized representative will be obtained prior to the beginning of
every flight.

33) Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical

boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported to the

FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24.hours. Accidents must be reported to the
National Transportation Safety Board (N~~E?)' p~,t'Jh.~l[L;J,¢t)qb~ xRDJ?irl.~d o·n the NTSB Web

site: www.ntsb.gov.  ·

8. Description of Regulations Which May Apply From Which Petitioner Requests
Exception 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H: Airworthiness Certificates 14 C.F.R. §91.203 (a)
(1)

         Subpart H, entitled Airworthiness Certific,ate~, establishes the procedural requirements

for the issuance of airworthiness certificates, as' recfl.li~~q py .FAR §91.203 (a) (1). .Given the

size and limited operating area associated with the SUAVS to be utilized by the Petitioner, an

exemption from Part 21 Subpart H meets the requirements of an equivalent level of safety

under Part 11 and Section 333 of the FMRA. The Federal Aviation Act (49 U.S.C.§44701 (f))
and Section 333 of the FMRA both authorize the FAA to exempt aircraft from the requirement
for an airworthiness certificate, upon consideration of the size, weight, speed, operational
capability, and proximity to airports and populated areas of the particular SUAVS. In all cases,
an analysis of these criteria demonstrates thc;:tt the UAS. operated without an airworthiness
certificate, in the restricted environment arid 't.Hider fhe''coilditions proposed will be at least as
safe, or safer, than a conventional aircraft (fixed wing or rotorcraft) operating with an
airworthiness certificate without the restrictions and conditions proposed.

         The SUAV's to be operated hereunder is less than 55 lbs. fully loaded, is by definition
unmanned and carries neither a pilot nor passenger, carries no explosive materials or
flammable liquid fuels, and operates exclusively within a limited flight area. Unlike other civil
aircraft, operations under this exemption will be tightly controlled arid monitored by the

PIC/Operator and will also remain within thedreq·u·i~eme'nts' of,' and in compliance with, local

public safety requirements. These safety enhancements, which already apply to civil aircraft
provide a greater degree of safety to the public and property owners than conventional
operations conducted with airworthiness certificates issued under 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart
H. Lastly, application of these same criteria demonstrates that there is no credible threat to
national security posed by the UAS due to its size, speed of operation, location of operation,
lack of explosive materials or flammable liquid fuels, and inability to carry a substantial external
load.

14 C.F.R. § 45.23 (b). Marking of the Aircraft

         The regulation requires; When marks include only the Roman capital letter "N" and the
registration number is displayed on limited, restricted or light-sport category aircraft or
experimental or provisionally certificated aircraft, the operator must also display on that aircraft
near each entrance to the cabin, cockpit, or pilot station, in letters not less than 2 inches nor
more than 6 inches high, the words "limited," "restricted,'' "light-sport," "experimental," or
"provisional," as applicable.

         Even though the SUAV will have no airworthiness certificate, an exemption may be
needed as the SUAV will have no entrance to the cabin, cockpit or pilot station on which the
word "Experimental" can be placed. Given the size of the SUAVS, two-inch lettering will be
impossible. The word "Experimental" will be placed on the fuselage in compliance with §45.29
(f). The equivalent level of safety will be provided by having the SUAVS marked on its
fuselage as required by §45.29 (f) where the pilot, observer and others working with the
SUAVS will see the identification of the SUAV as "Experimental." The FAA has issued the
following exemptions to this regulation to Exemptions Nos. 10700, 8738, 10167 and 10167A.

14 C.F.R. § 61.113 (a) & (b): Private Pilot Privileges and Limitations: Pilot in Command.

         Sections 61.113 (a) & (b) limit private pilots to non-commercial operations. Because the
SUAVS is unmanned and will not carry a pilot or passengers, the proposed operations can
achieve the equivalent level of safety of current oper'atioiis'by requiring the PIC operating the
aircraft to have a FAA ground school rather than a commercial pilot's license to operate this
small SUAVS. Unlike a conventional aircraft that carries the pilot and passengers, the SUAVS
is remotely controlled with no living thing on board. The area of operation is controlled and
restricted, and all flights are planned and coordinated in advance. The level of safety provided
by the requirements included herein exceed that provided by a single individual holding a
commercial pilot's certificate operating a conventional aircraft. The risks associated with the
operation of the SUAVS are so diminished ~rom the level of risk associated with commercial
operations contemplated by Part 61 when draftee( thafallowing operations of the SUAVS as
requested with a private pilot as the PIC exceeds the present level of safety achieved by 14
C.F.R. §61.113 (a) & (b).

14 C.F.R. §91.7(a): Civil aircraft airworthiness.

     The regulation requires that no person may operate a civil aircraft unless it is in

airworthy condition. As there will be no airyvortriness certificate issued for the aircraft, should
     . t···J,, '· ,, lj. ., ·''·· li ' . :)··
                                                   '.                        :
this exemption be granted, no FAA regulatory standard\'liill exist for determining airworthiness.

Given the size of the aircraft and the requirements contained herein for the use of safety check

lists prior to each flight, an equivalent level of safety will be provided.

Ill

     Page 12·of 20
14 C.F.R. § 91.9 (b) (2): Civil Aircraft Flight Manual in the Aircraft.

Section 91.9 (b) (2) provides: No person may operate a U.S.-registered civil aircraft ...

         (2) For which an Airplane or Rotorcraft Flight Manual is not required by §21.5 of this
chapter, unless there is available in the aircraft a current approved airplane or Rotorcraft Flight
Manual, approved manual material, markings, and placards, or any combination thereof.

         The SUAVS, given its size and configuration has no ability or place to carry such a flight
manual on the aircraft, not only because there is no pilot on board, but because there is no
room or capacity to carry such an item on the aircraft.

         The equivalent level of safety will be maintained by keeping the SUAVS operation
manual and appropriate checklists at the ground control point where the pilot flying the SUAVS
will have immediate access to it. The FAA has issued the following exemptions to this
regulation: Exemption Nos. 8607, 8737, 8738, 9299, 9299A, 9565, 95658, 10167, 10167A,
10602, 32827, and 10700.

14 C.F.R. § 91.103: Pre-flight action

This regulation requires each pilot in command to take certain actions before flight to

insure the safety of flight. As FAA approved rotorcraft flight manuals will not be provided for

the aircraft an exemption will be needed. An equivalent level of safety will be provided as set

forth hereinabove. The PIC will take all actions including reviewing weather, flight battery

requirements, landing and takeoff distances and aircraft performance data before initiation of

flight using appropriate checklists.            .,!·.

14 C.F.R. §91.109: Flight instruction:

         Section 91.103 provides that no person may operate a civil aircraft (except a manned
free balloon) that is being used for flight instruction unless that aircraft has fully functioning
dual controls.

         SUAV's and remotely piloted aircraft, by their design do not have fully functional dual
controls. Flight control is accomplished through the use of a radio transmitter that
communicates with the aircraft via a receiver in the SUAVS. The FAA has approved
exemptions for flight training without fully functional dual controls for a number of aircraft and
for flight instruction in experimental aircraft. See Exemption Nos.5778K & 9862A. The
equivalent level of safety provided by the fact that neither a pilot nor passengers will be carried
in the aircraft and by the size and speed of the aircraft.

14 C.F.R. §91.119: Minimum safe altitudes

         Section 91.119 establishes safe altitudes for operation of civil aircraft. Section 91.119
(d) allows helicopters to be operated at less than the minimums prescribed, provided the
person operating the helicopter complies with any route or altitudes prescribed for helicopters

                                        Page 13 of 20

                                        _ ' ,·  ,~ I I·  '.. ) ·  ·, 4 I
by the FAA. This exemption is for a SUAVS and the exemption requests authority to operate at
altitudes up to 400 AGL underneath navigable airspace and in class E and G airspace
maintaining safe separation from actual aircraft, an exemption may be needed to allow such
operations.

         The equivalent level of safety will be achieved given the size, weight, speed of the UAS
as well as the location where it is operated. No flight' will be taken without the permission of
the property owner or local officials. Because of the advance notice to the property owner and
participants in the filming activity, attempts will be made to contact all affected individuals
regarding the planned flight operations. Compared to flight operations with aircraft or rotorcraft
weighting far more than the maximum 551bs. proposed herein, and the lack of flammable fuel,
any risk associated with these operations is far less than those presently presented with
conventional aircraft. In addition, the low-altitude operations of the SUAVS will ensure
separation between these SUAVS operations and the operations of conventional aircraft that
must comply with Section 91.119.

14 C.F.R. §91.121 Altimeter Settings

         This regulation requires each person operating an aircraft to maintain cruising altitude
by reference to an altimeter that is set "... to the elevation of the departure airport or an
appropriate altimeter setting available before departure." As the SUAVS rnay not have a
barometric altimeter, but instead a GPS altitLide''_r;~gq Q~t,~.!1·.~xernption may be needed. An
equivalent level of safety will be achieved by the operator, pursuant to the Manual and Safety
Check list, confirming the altitude of the launch site shown on the GPS altitude indicator before
flight.

14 C.F.R. § 91.151(a): Fuel Requirements for Flight in VFR Conditions

         Section 91.151 (a) prohibits an individual from beginning "a flight in an airplane under
VFR conditions unless (considering wind anCf fbreca'st weatner conditions) there is enough fuel
to fly to the first point of intended landing, and, assuming normal cruising speed- (1) During
the day, to fly after that for at least 30 minutes; or (2) At night, to fly after that for at least 45
minutes."

         The battery powering the E384 SUAV provides approximately between 80-100 minutes
of powered flight. The Phantom 2 provides approximately 25 minutes of flight time. To meet
the 30 minute reserve requirement in 14 CFR §91.151, SUAV in the E352'flights would be
limited to approximately 70 minutes in length.and'unable in'the Phantom. Given the limitations
on the SUAV proposed flight area and the location of its proposed operations within a
predetermined area, a longer time frame for flight in daylight or night VFR conditions is
reasonable.

         Petitioner believes that an exemption from 14 CFR §91.151 (a) falls within the scope of
prior exemptions. See Exemption 10673 (allowing Lockheed Martin Corporation to operate
without compliance with FAR 91.151 (a)). Operating the SUAVS in contrqlled area where only

people and property owners or official repre·sentaiives who'hEWe signed w'aivers will be

                                                        Page 14 of 20
allowed, with less than 30 minutes of flight operation time, does not give rise to the type of
risks that Section 91.151 (a) was intended to alleviate particularly given the size and speed of
the SUAVS. Additionally, limiting SUAV flights would greatly reduce the utility for which the
exemption will be granted.

         Petitioner believes that an equivalent level of safety can be achieved by limiting flights
to landing with no less than 25% of battery power remaining. This restriction would be more
than adequate to return the SUAVS to its planned landing zone from anywhere within its
limited operating area. Similar exemptions have been granted to numerous other operations.

14 C.F.R. §91.203 (a) and (b): Carrying Civil Aircraft Certification and Registration

The regulation provides in pertinent part:

(a) Except as provided in§ 91.715, no person may operate a civil aircraft unless it has
within it the following:

(1) An appropriate and current airworthiness certificate ....

(b) No person may operate a civil aircraft unless the airworthiness certificate required by
paragraph (a) of this section or a special flight authorization issued under §91. 715 is displayed
at the cabin or cockpit entrance so that it is legible to passengers or crew.

         The SUAV fully loaded weighs no more than 55 lbs and typically less than 20 lbs. And is
operated without an onboard pilot. As such, there is no ability or place to carry certification
and registration documents or to display them on the SUAV.

         An equivalent level of safety will be achieved by keeping these documents at the ground
control point where the pilot flying the SUAV will have immediate access to them, to the extent
they are applicable to the SUAV. The FAA has issued numerous exemptions to this
regulation. A representative sample of other exceptions includes Exemption Nos. 9565, 9665,
9789, 9789A, 9797, 9797A, 9816A, and 10700.

14 C.F.R. §91.405 (a); 407 (a) (1); 409 (a) (2); 417(a) & (b): Maintenance Inspections

        These regulations require that an aircraffope~~tor'ofowne'r "shall Have that aircraft

inspected as prescribed in subpart E of this part and shall between required inspections,
except as provided in paragraph (c) of this section, have discrepancies repaired as prescribed
in part 43 of this chapter... ," and others shall inspect or maintain the aircraft in compliance with
Part 43.

Given that these section and Part 43 apply only to aircraft with an airworthiness

certificate, and the requirements of pre-flight in~pe.~tipnfe.q~,ired herein, t~ese sections will not
                                                                 1  w\11
apply to the applicant.  Routine  and                                     b{accomplished           by  the
                                       pre-flight mai'nte'riance

operator. An equivalent level of safety will be achieved because these SUAVS are very limited

in size and will carry a very small payload and operate only in restricted areas for limited

                                            Page 15 of 20

                                            , '·: :, ~·,i \_ .)~ 1. -r··~·:·"~j i )I 'JV-;; .<.·"
periods of time. If mechanical issues arise the SUAV can land immediately and given its small
size poses very little risk to persona or property. The operator will ensure that the SUAV is in
working order prior to initiating flight, perform required maintenance, and keep a log of any
maintenance performed. Moreover, the operator is the person most familiar with the aircraft
and best suited to maintain the aircraft in an airworthy condition to provide the equivalent level
of safety.

9. Publication Summary

         Pursuant to 14 C.F.R. Part 11, the following summary is provided for publication in the
Federal Register, should it be determined that publication is needed:

         Petitioner seeks an exemption from the following rules:

         14 C.F.R. §21, subpart H; 14 C.F.R 45.23(b);14 C.F.R. §§ 61.113( a) & (b);91.7 (a);
         91.9 (b) (2);91.1 03(b);91.1 09; 91.119; 91.121; 91.151 (a);91.203(a) and (b); 91.405 (a);
         91.407 (a) (1 ); 91.409 (a) (2); 91.409 (a) (2) and 91.417 (a) & (b) to operate
         commercially a SUAVS vehicle (551bs or less) for Aerial Photography Operations.

         Approval of exemptions allowing commercial operations of SUAV for aerial
photography/Inspection for the following; Business Operations: over land, water-ways, and
oceans; operation over/in non restricted National Parks, National Forests, flight in non-
navigable airspace, using non-intrusive recording devices, operation in otherwise unrestricted
US States/Territories will enhance safety by reducing risk. Conventional film operations, using
jet or piston power aircraft, operate at extremely low altitudes, just feet from the subject being
filmed, and in extreme proximity to people and structures; and present the risks associated
with vehicles that weigh in the neighborhood of 4,0001bs, carrying large amounts of jet A or
other fuel. In addition such actual certificated aircraft must fly to and from the film location. In
contrast, a SUAV weighing fewer than 55 lbs., and powered by batteries rather than fuel,
eliminates virtually all of that risk. The SUAV is driven/carried to the film set, not flown. The
SUAV will carry no passengers or crew and, therefore, yvill. nol expose any crew to the risks
associated with manned aircraft flights. · · · · · · · · ·· · ··' ·· ·· · · · · · ·

         The operation of SUAV, weighing less than 55 lbs., conducted in the strict conditions
outlined above, will provide at least an equivalent level of safety supporting the grant of the
exemptions requested herein, including exempting the Petitioner from the requirements of Part
21 and allowing commercial operations. These lightweight aircraft operate at slow speeds,
close to the ground, and in a line of sight, relatively sterile environment and are, as a result, far

safer than conventional operations conduqte9 \IY,ith..a.¢t.Lg~J airqq~ft!h,eljcqptE:~rs operating in close

proximity to the ground and people.

10. Privacy

         All business/commercial flights which occur over private or controlled access property
will be with the property owner's prior consent and knowledge. Filming will be of people who

                                                        Page 16 of 20
have also consented to being filmed or otherwise have agreed to be in the area where filming
will take place. Petitioner will not infringe on any individual or landowner privacy rights.

         Limited nighttime operations may be conducted. Nighttime as defined FAR's in Section
is as follows 1.1. "Night means the time between the end of evening civil twilight and the
beginning of morning civil twilight, as published in the American Air Almanac, converted to
local time." Night operations may be conducted by the SUAVS following the guidelines above
and provided such operations have sufficient lighting so that Petitioner/Operator maintains
visual line of sight. Allowing SUAVS this exemption will provide a far safer nighttime filming
alternative to the current full size aircraft operations.

11. Conclusion

         The FAA's purported "ban" on business/commercial SUAV operations has actually had
the current effect of causing American skies to be less safe. There are many actual
certificated pilots who are exceptionally qualified to fly SUAV with their SUAV experience,
private, commercial or ATP pilot training, licenses and instructor ratings. However, these
experienced operators and licensed pilots familiar with the FARs, airspace and safe operating
procedures are currently reluctant to commercially operate rnodel aircraft!SUAVS or be
liincveonlsveesd., for fear of the FAA seeking an en.f.o...r,"cerl.,.e..n.t.~:u,;.,~,t.i)o..,Q,,.§,l...g.~.i.,.n.s.t..t.h..e.m ·or their actual pilot's

         Presently, during the pendency of these issues, it defies safety or regulatory logic that
according to the FAA's current alleged "ban" on business operations of SUAVS, your average
enthusiastic 12 year old, who's well meaning Father bought him a quadcopter SUAV equipped
with a camera, can operate his SUAVS wherever he wants and take whatever recreational
video/pictures subject only to the suggestions of FAA AC 91-57 and yet an FAA certificated
private/commerciai!ATP pilot cannot be paid to use a far higher quality and equipped SUAVS
to take an aerial photo or aerially inspect a farmers field, despite the significant improvement in
safety over non-pilots operating SUAVS recreationally and real aircraft used for aerial
photography.

         Satisfaction of the criteria provided in Section 333 of the FMRA of 2012, and requiring
the SUAV PIC to have or obtain medical certificate and a actual pilots license and considering
the small size, weight, speed, operating capabilities, limited operations in proximity to airports
and populated areas and operation within visual line of sight and national security- all of
which provide more than adequate justification for the grant of the requested exemptions
allowing business /commercial operation of applicant's SUAVS for aerial photography/
Inspection as requested herein.

         If this firm can be of any further assistance in processing this request, or you have any
other questions or concerns, please do not hesitate to contact me directly, in writing.

                    ·: ··,.  ·· II

/II

     Page 17 of 20

     ·' ' .
CUR
Michael D. Curran, Esq./ATP/CFII/MEI
cc: James Williams, FAA

         Les Dorr, FAA, Allison Duquette, FAA

                                                                                                                                                                                   .''·

                                                        Page 18 of 20
Ex. 1.

                                                  PaleoWest Checklists

Preflight Checklists

Inspect Vehicle

     1. Check props

     2. Check screws

     3. Check Radio

     4. Check body/arms for cracks

     5. Prepare log book

     6. Review mission/Check review weather

     7. Check/test batteries record voltages

     8. Prepare nav/gps system

     9. Radio RX/TX distance tesUCheck timers

     10. Satellite localization/lock

Narrative Descriptions. Inspect the vehicle for previous damage like cracked chassis, loose props, motors and
wires, this will ensure the safe operation of the vehicle and not a catastrophic failure of parts. Tighten all screws
and record which ones are becoming loose over time. This will indicate problems with the vehicle structure and
you should use more CA or thread locking liquid to keep this problem to a minimal. If you are repeatedly
tightening the screws in the same spot then there is a problem with the screw hole and should be tapped or
corrected. Prepare a logbook, this will ensure that you are recording the proper flight times and will indicate
battery health, saving you from a failure and possible loss of vehicle. Pull out the document you use for logging
your flight fill out the information that is most important: date, time, and mission information. Weather affects the
performance of a vehicle and should be calculated to ensure proper weights given to your flight and battery time
totals. Weather information to include as follows: Temperature, wind speed, maximum gusts, ambient
temperature, humidity, dew point, barometric pressure, and any solar information that can effect your GPS.
Review your mission so that you know exactly what you plan to do and what data you will gather. Check and test
your batteries so that you have sufficient power for your mission. If you followed this checklist your batteries
should have been charged the last time you put your vehicle away. Turn on the navigation system if applicable
and verify the appropriate settings to localize the satellite signal. Check for solar flare information and gps
outages in your area connected to your mission.

II. Before Flight

     1. Turn on transmitter; Check set flight mode

     2. Set throttle down

     3. Clear flight area

     4. Connect battery on the vehicle

     5. Verify indicator lights for proper indications/GPS locks

Page 19 of 20

               .. ..' ..., ' ,·~.' )  ..
6. Start motors

7. Throttle up slowly

8. Maintain visual separation from all obstructions

Narrative Descriptions: You should always be near your transmitter so that in the case of a failure you can control
the vehicle to the best of your abilities and get the vehicle safely to the ground. First turn the transmitter on, with
the throttle turned all the way down. Next walk over to the vehicle that you plan to fly clear area and connect the
battery. You should connect the battery in a way that does not disturb the vehicle from sitting on the ground, when
you plug the vehicle up it is calibrating the flight system and powering up safely. When the lights give proper
indications it is safe to either pick up the vehicle safely and move it or walk away from it with your controller in
your hand. To begin your flight move the sticks up slowly until the vehicle leaves the ground maintain visual
separations from people, buildings, obstructions, other UAV/aircraft.

Ill. Post Flight/After Landing

1. Unplug battery on vehicle while near the controller

2. After battery is unplugged turn off the controller

3. Fill out Jog books

Narrative Descriptions: Once the vehicle has returned to the ground, walk over with your controller and

disconnect the wire to the vehicle battery, this will essentially kill the power and render the vehicle in the safe to

transport mode. Next you can power the controller off to save the battery life. Return the vehicle to a safe place

and then locate your logbooks and recover your data.     ·· · "·

IV. Debrief

1. Fill out logs

2. Complete calculations for batteries and flight times

3. Put away gear, vehicle and log books

                                         Page 20 of 20
  E384 Operations Manual

See http://event38.wikispaces.com for latest revision
  Table of Contents ....

E3 84 Specifications and Operating Limitations
Attaching E3 84 Propeller
Attaching E384 Tail
Attaching E3 84 Wings
Charging the Batteries
Installing Camera, Batteries and Finding GC
Telemetry Connection
Transmitter Modes (Spekrtum DX5E)
Transmitter Operation (DX5E)
Planning a Mapping Mission
Auto Takeoff
Auto Land
Adjusting Declination
Pre-flight Checklist
E384 Flight Procedure
Emergency Procedures
Post-Flight Checklist
E384 Specifications and Operating Limitations

Includes-
               Pixhawk Autopilot with GPS, IMU, Pressure Sensor and Flight Data Log
               Telemetry Radios (3DR or RFD900)
               Spektrum DX5E and Battery
               2 Flight Batteries- 4 Cell, 5.0 Ah LiPo

Specs and Limits-
               Cruise Speed: 13 m/s
               Endurance 100 minutes
              Range 44 miles I 70km
               Up to 10 m/s windspeed for autonomous operation
               14,000 Feet MSL Ceiling, Take-off Tested to 10,000'
               Live Data Telemetry to Ground Station Software on your Laptop (One km (3DR), 10km (RFD900))
               Fly-by-Wire mode, Retum-to-Launch and Autonomous Flight Modes Pre-Configured
               190cm Wingspan, 130cm Length
               Weight- 5.9 lbs (Fully equipped with a Canon S100)
               Airframe is built usinfflexible EPO foam, with a carbon fiber booml.
Attaching E384 Propeller

In this page we will see how the propeller securely connects to the motor.
First, place the propeller on to the bolt with the lettering on the propeller facing the motor.
After the propeller is on the bolt facing the correct direction, place the washer on the bolt. Make sure the side of the washer with
the larger face is against the propeller. Then, tighten the nut to bolt very tightly securing the propeller and washer. If this bolt is too
loose the propeller may fall off during a flight.
When all of these steps are done the propeller will be properly secured to the motor.
Open Mission Planner and choose the Com Port that comes up when plugging in the telemetry (it may take a few minutes for the
Com Port to show up). Set baud rate to 57600.

Now press Connect and you should ha~oe your wireless connection established.
Transmitter Modes (Spektrum DX5E)

If you order any transmitter from Event 38 it will arrive set up with three independently selectable modes on Channel 8. The
three position switch labeled "Gear" is used to select FBWA, RTL and Auto.

The modes will be selected using the CH 5 three position switch.
The position pushed furthest away from the operator (0) is FBWA mode.
The middle position (1) is RTL.
The position pulled closest to the operator (2) is Auto.

Verify your modes;
Power on your transmitter. Remove propeller. Power on your E384. Connect to Mission Planner. Cycle through the modes. In
Flight Plan, the bottom right corner of the heads up display will show which mode is currently engaged.
Transmitter Operation (Spektrum DX5E)

     We will look at the Spekrtum DX5e pictured here.

There are two sticks that can be moved in all all directions. We will refer to the stick on the left side of the transmitter as the left stick, and the stick on the
right side of the transmitter as the right stick
We will go through the movements in FBW-A mode first. In the "Transmitter Modes" link you will find the steps to get into FBW-A mode. This is the only
mode where the stick movement will have an effect on the E384.
In FBW-A, the autopilot limits the amount of pitch and bank possible while also automatically stabilizing the aircraft.
In FBW-A, holding the right stick all the way to the right will cause a sharp right turn. By contrast, doing the same in manual mode would result in a
continuous barrel roiL
Left Stick:
Moving the left stick up and down will turn your motor on. When the stick is at the very bottom there should be no movement. As you move the left stick
upward it will increase the speed of the motor.
Moving the left stick to the right will cause the rudder to move to its right, so that the plane will turn right. Moving the left stick to the left will move the rudder
to the left.
Right Stick:
Moving the right stick up and down controls the movement of the elevator. To increase altitude you will move it in the downward direction, while descending
will require you to move the stick upwards.
Moving the right stick to the left will cause the ailerons on the wings and the rudder to move into position to turn the plane to the left while moving the right
stick to the right will perform a right turn.
Planning a Mapping Mission

On this page we are going to see how a mission can be easily designed. In this scenario we will be using a simple and effective method. This is the
"Survey (Grid)" method. We will outline the area we intend to survey. We will tell Mission Planner what type of camera we are using and the overlap
that we desire. We will also specify flight direction, keeping the wind in mind. Lets get started.

Go to the Flight Plan tab and find the area you intend to survey.
Next we are going to "Add Polygon". This polygon that you create will be the outline for the way points we will be generating. When in "Add Polygon"
mode simply left click to add as many points as you desire. If you left click and hold a polygon point you can drag it (likewise with way points). If you need
to delete a polygon point you can simply right click on the point and click on "Delete WP" (likewise with way points).
After selecting the area we desire, and moving the polygon points as necessary, we are ready to generate way points
We have generated some way points, but we are not finished yet. For this example I anticipate a wind moving from west to east. So I will need to alter
my flight path so that I am primarily traveling North and South, while traveling against the wind on the small instances that I am traveling East to West.
So we will change the angle to 180. Also note that in the "Simple Options" we have selected the Canon SX260 (if that is not applicable, find your camera
and select it).

Next we will go to the "Grid Options" tab and change the sidelap to 60%. This will add or reduce the amount of way points generated to reach the
60% sidelap with the Canon SX260.
As you can see, often times the way points are not automatically placed in the optimum positions. If you click on the green "Waypoints" bar toward the
bottom of the screen you will see the way points pop up. From there the "UP" and "DOWN" arrows will allow you to change the assigned number of any
way point. You may also drag way points.
After arranging our way points we will have a more desirable flight plan.

Before finalizing the plan and sending the plane out, we are going to look at the elevation graph. We must make sure that the plane is no going to crash
into any buildings or hills.
   The graph will show the altitude the plane is projected to maintain, and it will show the google earth estimated elevation of the terrain.

   If everything looks good, connect to your APM, write the WP's.

   This is a good opportunity to do some calcuations, and alter camera settings as necessary.

While in the Flight Plan screen it is a good idea to look at the "Distance" in the upper left of the screen. Using this distance we can estimate how many
pictures we need to take to cover the area. Using our distance of 5.945km or 5945m , we will assume speed of the plane to be 12 m/s and the default
time in between each picture is three seconds. Dividing distance by speed will give us our estimated time in the mission (about 500 seconds). 500
seconds divided by the 3 second shot interval gives us 167 shots. We are going to give an extra 10% to compensate for any error and to make sure we
have the images we want. So we will set "Total Shots" on the camera to 184. Multiplying "Total Shots" by the three second "Shot Interval" gives 552
seconds. Adding that to the "Delay Time" of 240 seconds and you get 792 seconds. Keep a stop watch nearby. When you start the script, start the
stopwatch. When the stopwatch reaches 792 seconds the lens will be closed and it is safe to land. For more details on everything camera related, check
out our walkthrough.
Auto Takeoff

In this page we will take a look at the Auto Takeoff Way Point. We will see how to set the way point, and where to go
from there. Enter the Flight Plan screen of Mission Planner. Left click anywhere on the screen as if you were entering a
normal way point.

Now change the Command column so it reads Takeoff.
Change the Pitch Angle to 35 for a clean takeoff. Change the All to either the RTL altitude or the altitude of the

next WP. Notice that WP 1 disappears. Do not be alarmed, it is normal.

Now that you ha~.e your takeoff WP, write the WP to your E384, then read the WP to ~.erify it has been written properly. Put the
plane into Auto. When the plane reads as mmhng 2 m/s it will tum the propeller on and start climbing. Ne~.er put body parts near the
propeller when the battery is plugged in!
So, you ha~.e your take WP written and you set your plane into Auto. Do not make sudden mo~.ements at this point to amid the plane
wanting to take off. Throw the plane firmly at a 15 degree angle. The motor will kick on and the plane will begin to climb. It may drift
slightly left or right, so be sure to gi~.e it some distance away from obstacles. The plane will continue to climb until it reaches its
altitude for the Takeoff WP. If you ha~.e set up additional WPs it will tra~.el to the second WP as soon as it reaches the takeoff
altitude. If you ha~.e no additional WPs it will go into RTL.
Auto Land

In this page we will see Autonomous flight from start to finish. Brief mentions will be made of Auto Takeoff and Mapping a
Mission. Check out those pages to fill in the details.
The mission has been planned by first setting the Auto WP, then adding a polygon and using the auto WP function. Because the Takeoff
WP disappears we see that the first l.isible WP is WP 2.

Now two WP will be added to get us on the proper landing path. We see that the second WP will be a reduced altitude but still high
enough to clear obstacles by a safe distance.
After clearing obstacles we will substantially decrease altitude. It is important to note that the altitude can be off by 5 meters, so to
be safe we go to 10 meters first. Also Google Maps can be off 10 meters horizontally, so be aware if you ha~.e a tight space to fly
between. Be ready to switch to FBWA and manually amid danger.
The last WP is at 0 meters. We ha~.e changed it to LAND and gi~.en plenty of distance to slow down before touch down.

After writing the WP, and reading them back for ~.erification we are ready for an automatic flight from start to finish.
Adjusting Declination

The Earth's magnetic field varies significantly depending on your location relative to the poles. To adjust for the offset in your
location, we'll change the magnetic declination parameter until the heading shown on Mission Planner matches the heading of your
plane. To start, power on the RIC transmitter, then power on the E384 -we'll want to do this with the battery installed as it would be
for flight and with the wings plugged in and installed. Be sure not to set it near any large metallic objects as the compass is very
sensitive and can be affected by local magnetic disturbances. Once it has initialized, set it on the ground at a known heading.. it
can be any direction as long as it's known. If no directions are known for certain, you can use visual cues that would be lhsible on
Google Earth. For example, you can point the nose to be perpendicular to your street or parallel with the edge of your house. Once
that's decided, connect to the E384 by telemetry in Mission Planner.
Once connected, you'll see an airplane icon at roughly your current location. If you're inside, you may need to go near a window or
put the E384 outside in order to get a GPS fix. There will be a red line emerging straight forward from the icon, that is the direction'
the autopilot thinks it's facing. Knowing the real direction, we can now adjust and iterate the magnetic declination until the red line is
pointing in the same direction we know the E384 to be pointing. To start, take a mental note of approximately how many degrees off
the true direction the red line is pointing. Now click on Initial Setup-> Mandatory Hardware-> Compass. If the red line was
counterclockwise of the true direction, add the approximate number of degrees you noted before to the current value, type that in
and then switch back to Flight Data. Wait at least 30 seconds between iterations, it takes some time for the direction to update. If
the red line was spun clockwise relative to the true direction, subtract. Negative values are ok but they should not exceed 180
degrees in either direction.
Initial setting, I've set the E384 down lining up with the edge of my building.

Now after adding 45 degrees to the declination value, it's very close to parallel with the edge. I'll make one more adjustment for
another 2-3 degrees but this is close enough already. Aim to be within 5 degrees of the true heading.
Once the heading in Mission Planner lines up with the E384's true heading, you can mo~.e on to the next step.
   Preflight Checklist

       Before leaving for flight location

· Prefetch base map imagery in Mission Planner (Flight Planner tab, right-click Map Tool >Prefetch). Note that this may take up to a few hours depending
       on area prefetched and internet access speed

o Leave enough time to complete this step.
· Optional- create flight plan (waypoint list) based on desired imaging ground resolution (altitude), using Mission Planner camera tool (Flight Planner tab,

       right-click Map Tool >Camera) to estimate flight line spacing and camera timing interval to achieve desired image overlap. Use dummy Home point- it
       will get reset in the field when GPS lock is achieved.

       Pre-flight Operations at Flight Location

1. Assemble airframe (wings, tail, etc.).
2. Start computer and open Mission Planner software.
3. Load or create flight plan as described above. If not using telemetry, use USB cable to connect computer to APM to load flight plan. Disconnect USB

       cable when finished.
4. If using telemetry, connect ground station modem to computer's USB port.
5. Turn on RC transmitter, set mode channel(s) to Manual, and SET THROTTLE POSITION TO IDLE.
6. Make sure UAV is motionless.
7. Install battery in UAV and connect, taking care not to disturb UAV.
8. In Mission Planner software, select correct port ID and baud rate (default is 57600) for telemetry modem, and hit "Connect" button. Wait for APM to

       switch from Disarmed to Armed.
9. Check for 3D Fix on GPS (map display should show current location).
10. Check that battery voltage and compass heading are correct in Mission Planner HUD.
11. In lower left corner of Mission Planner, select Actions tab and press "Set Home All" button. Current altitude display in HUD should change to zero.
12. In Mission Planner Flight Planner tab, load or create flight plan. Check that all altitude values are nonzero and sufficiently high to clear any terrain or

       obstacles in flight path. Press 'Write WPs" to transfer flight plan to UAV.
13. Check that all flight controls surfaces have appropriate neutrals, and that they move in correct direction when RC transmitter sticks are moved, first in

       Manual mode, then in FBW mode.
14. Lift UAV from ground or holder and check that Center of Gravity is OK.
15. Set mode to FBW. Move UAV in both pitch and roll axes, and check that ailerons, rudder, and elevator move in appropriate direction to return UAV to

       level flight.
16. Install propeller if not already installed. (Install propeller while the plane is powered off)
17. Set script parameters in camera and install camera into UAV. Close hatch cover.

       Launch and Flight

1. Set mode channel on RC transmitter to Manual or FBW-A.
2. Grasp UAV near camera hole in one hand, and RC transmitter in other hand.
3. Apply take-off throttle (60%) and hand-launch UAV straight away with good authority into the wind. UAV needs to be flying when it leaves your launch

       hand.
4. Manually pilot UAV in a straight upwind climb until all ground-based obstacles are cleared by at least 30m. At that point continue climbing upwind, climb

       circling, or point UAV toward location of first waypoint. Avoid switching to Auto or RTL mode with the UAV pointed directly away from its first target.
5. Switch to Auto mode and observe that UAV seeks location and altitude of first waypoint. Maintain visual contact with UAV at all times and be prepared to
       take over manual control if UAV exhibits odd behavior, or if another aircraft of any type enters the UAV's airspace.

       Mission Completion and Landing

1. If flight plan included a landing sequence, observe landing and be prepared to take over manual control of UAV to avoid crash or hard landing.
2. If flight plan did not include landing sequence, when mission is complete (or if mission is aborted) switch flight mode to RTL using either RC transmitter

       or GCS. Observe that UAV returns to home position and orbits. When desired, take over manual control and land UAV straight into any wind.
3. Disconnect Mission Planner from APM upon landing, and physically disconnect or power down UAV upon retrieval.
E384 Flight Procedure

In this section we will discuss the procedure used to collect imagery, beginning with preparations for flight. Before heading out to

the field to collect imagery we must cache the Google Maps imagery of our area of
interest in Mission Planner. Download Mission Planner. Mission Planner will allow you to plan, monitor, and replay your flights.
Find your area of interest using the Google Maps interface within Mission Planner. This step requires internet connection. Cache
any area you may fly m.er to gil.e yourself a reference during flight, and to help with mission planning. Simply find the area you want
to see during flight and it will be cached.

The first time you wish to connect a computer to your E384 you will need to download the dri~.ers for the telemetry modem. This
step requires internet connection. After Mission Planner has been downloaded, plug your telemetry radio into the computer. It will
automatically download the dri~.ers you need and should be complete within a minute or two.

Before making your way to the field, charge your batteries, make sure you ha\13 a
Phillips screwdri~.er and a wrench to attach the propeller.

When you arri1.e at the field, take a note of the wind direction and speed. A\Oid flying in winds abo1.e 25 mph. When we plan a
mission we want to fly crosswinds and make all our tums into the wind. At this time plan your mission.

Now we will tum our attention to the assembly of the E384.
Attach the propeller. Attach the tail. Attach the wings. Place the batteries (but do not plug them in) and camera into the E384
and check the balance.

Tum your transmitter on in manual mode. Make sure to clear any alerts that may be shown on the transmitter. At this point
forward, keep all body parts away from the propeller. One battery at a time, plug them into theY-Splitter in the E384. Hold the
E384 still until you see small mo~.ements on the elevator, signaling the E384 has been initialized. This usually takes 5-15 seconds
after power has been plugged in.

Check that all the surfaces respond in manual mode. Mo1.e the right stick to the right and left to see the ailerons mo1.e. Mo1.e the
right stick up and down to mo1.e the elevator. Mo1.e the left stick left and right for the rudder. Mmjng the left stick up will start the
motor.

Check that all surfaces respond in FBW-A. Mmjng the right stick to the right and left will not only mo1.e the ailerons, but also the
rudder. Mo1.e the E384 so that it is le~.el. Check that the ailerons are flush with the wings. Now, mo1.e the E384 to a bank left and
right to make sure the ailerons and rudder are mm.4ng in response. Pitch up and down should see the elevator respond.

Plug your telemetry modem into your computer. Connect to your E384 in Mission Planner. Check to see that you ha1.e a 30 Fix and at least 5
satellites, see image below (GPS circled in blue, number of satellites circled in green).
hdop should be below 5 (circled in white).

Your telemetry strength should be abo1.e 95% when near to the E384 (circled in red abo1.e).

A full battery pack will show your \OIIage near 16.8 (circled in orange). Always keep battery 1.0llage in mind. If the battery
1.0ltage falls below 14V the E384 will no longer be able to climb.

Altitude should be below 10 (circled in yellow).

Adjust Declination as needed.

When e~.erything checks out properly go to the Fight Plan screen and press Write WP. After the WP ha1.e been written to the
E384 press Read WP. This will read whate~.erWP the E384 has stored. Verify all the WP are correct.

Customize the camera settings to your mission (S)Q60 and S100 Camera Walkthrough). Start the script and place the camera
back into the plane. Attach the top of the nose.

In FBW-A hold the E384 up with two hands, keeping the propeller as far away as possible. At this time the pilot should ha\e the
transmitter in hand. Throttle up to 60%. Throw the E384 firmly and Je~.el with the wind at the nose of the plane. After the release,
increase throttle and pull up on the ele~.etor to climb. Climb to
