August 20, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12552
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA-2015-2061

Mr. Patrick Heaphy
Liberty Post, LLC
2 Hartshorn Lane
West Nyack, NY 10994

Dear Mr. Heaphy:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated May 18, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) for
an exemption. You requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct aerial
imaging and videography.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a DJI Inspire 1.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
                                                                                                                 2

meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

· They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

· The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

· A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Mr. Patrick Heaphy is granted an exemption from
14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c),
91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to
the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Mr. Patrick Heaphy is hereafter referred to as the operator.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                                                 3

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Inspire 1 when
         weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any other
         aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
         must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
         documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
         Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
         limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
         the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
         Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
         documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
         operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
                                                                                                            4

    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
                                                                                                            5

    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.
                                                                                                               6

   23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
       any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
       PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
       These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
       official upon request.

   24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
       activities at all times.

   25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

   26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
       persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
          a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
             from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
             that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
             where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
             the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
             of nonparticipating persons; and
          b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
             for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
             the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
             present an undue hazard.

       The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
       nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

   27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
       permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
       Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
       obtained for each flight to be conducted.

   28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
       boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
       to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
       reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
       contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

   29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
       as documented in this grant of exemption.
                                                                                                                 7

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.

This exemption terminates on August 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
May 18, 2015 

 

U. S. Department of Transportation 

Docket Management System 

1200 New Jersey Ave., 

Washington, DC 20590 

 

RE: Exemption Request Section 333 of the FAA Reform Act and Part 11 of the Federal 

Aviation Regulations 

 

Dear Sir or Madam: 

 

Pursuant to the Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (the "Reform 

Act"), Patrick Heaphy (the "applicant"), operator of an Unmanned Aircraft Systems ("UAS") 

seeks an exemption from the Federal Aviation Regulations ("FARs") to allow for commercial 

operation for aerial imaging and video for regional tourism and real estate in the lower Hudson 

Valley of New York and Northern New Jersey. 

 

As described herein I, Patrick Heaphy, an insured member of the AMA (Academy of 

Model Aeronautics) am experienced in flying hobby helicopters for recreational purposes.  A 

television professional with over 25 years experience, I am also an experienced experienced 

videographer from both fixed winged aircraft and helicopters and have provided those 

services for use by local and state governments.  

 

 

Applicant: 

Patrick Heaphy 

Liberty Post, LLC 

2 Hartshorn Lane 

West Nyack, NY 10994 

 

Attachments 

DJI Inspire 1 Safety Guidelines 

 

Regulations from which the exemption is requested: 

14 CFR Part 21 subpart H              

14 CFR 45.23 (b) 

14 CFR 91.7 (a) 

14 CFR 91.9 (b) (2) 

14 CFR 91.103 

14 CFR 91.109 

14 CFR 91.119 (c) 

14 CFR 91.121 
14 CFR 91.203 (a) and (b) 
14 CFR 91.405 (a) 
14 CFR 91.407 (a) (1) 
14 CFR 91.409 (a) (2) 
14 CFR 91.417 (a) and (b) 
 
Extent of relief I seek, and why 
14 CFR Part 21 subpart H 
The UAS to be operated carries neither pilot nor passenger and carries no explosive materials 
or flammable liquids. Given the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated 
with the aircraft to be utilized, I request exception. In the restricted environment and under the 
conditions proposed operation will be at least as safe, or safer, than a conventional aircraft 
operating with an airworthiness certificate without said restrictions. 
 
14 CFR 45.23 (b) 
Due to the size of this UAS it does not have a cockpit, cabin, or pilot station on which to 
market certain words or phrases. Lettering would be very difficult to place on such a small 
aircraft and dimensions would need to be smaller than required minimum. Understanding the 
importance of lettering I will mark my UAS with the largest possible letters by placing the word 
"Experimental" or assigned number or name, based on request/ruling of FAA, on UAS 
fuselage. The equivalent level of safety will be provided by having the UAS marked on its 
fuselage as required. 
 
14 CFR 91.7 (a) 
As there will be no airworthiness certificate for the aircraft, should this exemption be granted, 
no FAA regulatory standard will exist for determining airworthiness. Given the size of the 
aircraft for maintenance and use of safety check list prior to each flight an equivalent level of 
safety will be provided. 
 
14 CFR 91.9 (b) (2) 
Given the size and configuration, the UAS has no ability to carry a flight manual on the 
aircraft. There is no room, capacity, or pilot on board to adequately carry flight manual. A 
equivalent level of safety will be maintained by keeping the flight manual at ground control 
point where the pilot will) have immediate access to it. 
 
14 CFR 91.103 
As FAA approved flight manuals will not be provided for the aircraft an exemption will be 
needed. Normal procedures including but not limited to reviewing weather, flight battery 
requirement, landing and takeoff distances, along will all of those found in attachment "DJI 
Pilot Training". An equivalent level of safety will be provided by preflight protocol) to properly 
match the machine. 
 
14 CFR 91.109 
UAS and remotely piloted aircraft do not have fully functional dual controls. Flight control is 
achieved through the use of a control box that communicates with the aircraft via radio 
communications. The equivalent level of safety provided because neither a pilot nor 
passenger will be carried in the aircraft, and by the speed and size of the aircraft. 
 
14 CFR 91.113 (a) and (b) 
I can achieve an equivalent level of safety as achieved by current regulations because my 
UAS does not carry pilot nor passenger. While helpful, a pilot's license will not ensure remote 
control piloting skills. 
 
14 CFR 91.121 
The UAS may not have a barometric altimeter, but instead does have a GPS altitude read out. 
I believe an exemption may be needed. An equivalent level of safety is achieved by the 
operator receiving live flight data monitoring and confirming current altitude along with altitude 
of launch site shown on GPS altitude indicator. 
 
14 CFR 91.203 (a) and (b) 
Similar to, 14 CFR 91.9 (b) (2), given the size and configuration, the UAS has no ability to 
carry certificate and registration documents on the aircraft. There is no room, capacity, or pilot 
on board to adequately such documents. An equivalent level of safety will be achieved by 
keeping these documents, to the extent they are applicable to the UAS, at the ground control 
point where pilot has immediate access to them. 
 
14 CFR 91.405 (a), 14 CFR 91.407 (a) (1), 14 CFR 91.409 (a) (2), 14 CFR 91.417 (a) and (b) 
Given these section only apply to aircraft with an airworthiness certificate, theses sections do 
not apply to this applicant. As a safety precaution, operator will perform preflight inspections 
and ensure UAS is in working condition before initiating each flight.  
 
Patrick Heaphy is seeking relief from all FARs above preventing applicant from conducting 
aerial photography and video of real estate taken at levels less than 400ft, at a speed less 
than 50 mph, and with a maximum flight time of 18 minutes,. The drone to be used is a DJI 
Inspire 1. At 6.74 pounds the weight of the UAS meets the definition of "small unmanned 
aircraft" found in section 331 "The Reform Act". In order to obtain high quality photography 
and video the UAS will be used at speeds less than it's top speed of 50 mph. Due to the UAS 
being battery powered there are no combustible fuels onboard. Maximum flight time for this 
particular UAS is 18 minutes battery life, flights to be terminated with 25% battery life 
remaining. Given the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the 
aircraft to be utilized I find this exception to be reasonable with an equivalent, or greater, level 
of safety to be reached by the operator.   
 
Saftey 
*Please see attachment "DJI Pilot Training" for safety precautions I use for every flight. Aside 
from these practices I was given a hands on training course when I purchased my UAS. 
Additionally: 
1) I do not operate within 5 miles of an airport unless prior contact to Air Traffic Control or the 
airport manager has been made. 
2) I land my UAS prior to manufacturer recommended minimum level of battery power 
3) I pilot my UAS through remote control by line of sight 
4) My UAS uses GPS and a flight safety feature whereby it returns to a preprogrammed 
position and then slowly lands if communication with the remote control pilot is fost 
5) I actively analyze flight data and other sources of information to constantly update and 
enhance safety protocol's. 
6) I conduct extensive preflight inspections and protocol, during which safety carries primary 
importance. 
7) I always obtain all necessary permissions prior to operation and, 
8) I have procedures in place to abort flights in the event of safety breaches or potential 
danger. 
 
Public Interest 
The use of an UAS in tourism provide businesses and local governments with a much lower 
cost solution to highlight aspects of their businesses and communities in turn generating more 
visitors.  UAS in the real estate industry provides both buyers and sellers a higher level of 
service. For a buyer a higher level of marketing and advertising is achieved, appealing to 
more buyers, resulting in a quicker sale of their home. Quicker home sales also helps 
accelerate the economy as a whole. Buyers experience the benefit of encompassing a whole 
property, sometimes several acres, in one photo or a short video. Not only does this benefit 
the specific home seller or home buyer, but it benefits the general public because it is much 
more efficient than traditional ways of using a plane or helicopter to achieve the same result. 
We can now provide this level of service while being conservative with fuel, time, emissions, 
noise, and other resources. Considering size, weight, speed, and absence of combustible 
fuels, my UAS will pose much less of a safety concern for the general public when compared 
to larger manned aircraft.  
 
Thank you for your consideration. 
 
 
Patrick Heaphy 
Liberty Post, LLC 
2 Hartshorn Lane 
West Nyack, NY 10994 
INSPIRE 1

Safety Guidelines



 V1.0 2014.12
EN  Reading Inspire 1 Manuals

    The following tutorials and manuals have been produced to help you make full use of your DJI Inspire 1:
    1. In The Box
    2. Disclaimer and Warning
    3. Intelligent Flight Battery Safety Guidelines
    4. INSPIRE 1 Safety Guidelines
    5. INSPIRE 1 Quick Start Guide
    6. INSPIRE 1 User Manual
    Check all of the included parts listed in the In The Box document. Read the Disclaimer and Warning,
    Intelligent Flight Battery Safety Guidelines, and INSPIRE 1 Safety Guidelines before flight. Then prepare for
    your first flight by using the INSPIRE 1 Quick Start Guide and watching all of the tutorial videos. If you have
    questions, refer to the INSPIRE 1 User Manual for more comprehensive information. Experienced users,
    particularly those who have previously used DJI products, may choose to skip to the Inspire 1 Quick Start
    Guide to begin preparing for flight.

    Individual Parts

    Remote Controller

    1. Linking is required if you wish to replace your remote controller or receiver, or add a new remote controller.
       Refer to the user manual for more information about how to link the aircraft.

    2. If the remote controller is powered on and has not been used for 5 minutes, it will sound an alert. After 10
       minutes it will automatically power off. Move the sticks or perform some other action to cancel the alert.

    3. A Slave remote controller cannot be linked with the aircraft and cannot control the aircraft's flight. You may
       change it to a Master remote controller via the DJI Pilot app, and then link it to the aircraft to control flight.

    4. Ensure the Mobile Device Holder is firmly in place and does not slip.
    5. For the GPS in the remote controller to function properly, and the Dynamic Home Point to be accurate,

       ensure the DJI logo is facing the sky and keep the remote controller away from any metal objects.
    6. Repair or replace the remote controller if damaged. A damaged remote controller antenna will greatly

       decrease performance.
    7. When on the go, you may charge the remote controller from the aircraft's Intelligent Flight Battery.

    Camera

    1. Photos or videos cannot be transmitted or copied from the camera if the Intelligent Flight Battery is powered off.
    2. Be sure to power off the Intelligent Flight Battery correctly, otherwise your camera parameters will not be saved

       and any recorded videos may be damaged.
    3. Test the camera by shooting a few test images to check that it is operating correctly before shooting important

       pictures.
    4. Respect the privacy of others when using the camera. Make sure you comply with local privacy laws, regulations

       and moral standards.
    5. Check camera settings before use to make sure you can adjust them to fit your needs.

    Gimbal

    1. The gimbal and gimbal connector are very delicate. Handle with care and do not touch the gimbal
       connector, as any damage will cause it to function abnormally.

    2. A gimbal motor error may occur if: (1) The aircraft is placed on uneven ground or other objects obstruct
       the gimbal's full range of motion, or (2) The gimbal has undergone an excessive impact, e.g. a collision.
       Please only takeoff from flat, open areas and protect the gimbal after powering up.

    3. Hold the gimbal firmly when detaching or reattaching it, so it does not drop.
    4. Do not add any payloads to the gimbal, as this may cause the gimbal to function abnormally, or even

    2 © 2014 DJI. All Rights Reserved.
   lead to motor damage.
5. Precision elements in the gimbal may be damaged by a collision or impact, which will cause the gimbal

   to function abnormally.

Compass                                                                                                               EN

1. Ensure the compass is calibrated before every flight. Failure to calibrate may lead to a poor flight
   performance or even failure.

2. DO NOT calibrate your compass where there is a chance of strong magnetic interference. This includes areas
   where there are massive metal objects, parking structures, steel reinforcements underground, or under bridges.

3. DO NOT carry ferromagnetic materials with you during calibration, such as keys or mobile phones.
4. The compass should always be recalibrated when moving from indoor spaces to outdoor spaces.
5. If the rear LED shows a solid red light, compass calibration has failed. Please recalibrate.
6. After successful calibration, the compass may become abnormal when you put the aircraft on the

   ground. This is because of magnetic interference that may be underground. Move the aircraft to another
   location and try again.

Parameter Settings

The Inspire 1 features a built-in flight control system to make operation as safe as possible. However, it is
good practice to remove all propellers before switching it on for calibration or changing other parameter
settings.

Battery

Refer to the Intelligent Flight Battery Safety Guidelines and battery sticker for usage and maintenance information.

Storage and Transportation

1. Store the Intelligent Flight Battery and remote controller in a cool, dry place away from direct sunlight,
   to ensure the built-in LiPo battery does not overheat. Recommended storage temperature: between
   22°C and 28°C for storage periods of more than three months. Never store in environments outside the
   temperature range of -20°C to 45°C.

2. Do not allow the camera to come into contact with, or become immersed in, water or other liquids. If it
   gets wet, wipe dry with a soft, absorbent cloth. Turning on an aircraft that has fallen into water may cause
   permanent component damage. Do not use substance containing alcohol, benzene, thinners or other
   flammable substances to clean or maintain the camera. Do not store the camera in humid or dusty areas.

3. Always keep all parts out of the reach of children, as the cables, straps or small parts may be dangerous
   if swallowed. If swallowed, go to the hospital immediately.

4. Detach the gimbal from the Inspire 1 when storing for a long period of time or transporting over long
   distances. Also replace the Gimbal Cover when storing.

Maintenance and Upkeep

1. Check every part of the aircraft if it is violently impacted. If you have any problems or questions, please
   contact a DJI authorized dealer.

2. Old, chipped, or broken propellers or motors should never be used.
3. Regularly check the Battery Level Indicators to see the current battery level and overall battery life. When

   the battery life reaches 0%, it can no longer be used.
4. After every 50 hours of flight time, DJI recommends you perform a thorough inspection of your Inspire 1

   and all of its parts and components to ensure the safe operation of your aircraft.

 3© 2014 DJI. All Rights Reserved.
EN  Flight Environment Requirements

    1. Do not use the aircraft in severe weather conditions. These include wind speed exceeding 10m/s, snow,
       rain, smog, heavy wind, hail, lightning, tornado or hurricane.

    2. Do not use the aircraft in dust or sandstorms.
    3. Fly in open areas, as tall buildings or steel structures may affect the accuracy of the onboard compass

       and block the GPS signal.
    4. Keep the aircraft away from obstacles, people, animals, high voltage power lines, trees, and bodies of

       water when in flight.
    5. Avoid interference between the remote controller and other wireless equipment. Make sure to turn off the

       Wi-Fi on your mobile device.
    6. Do not fly near areas with magnetic or radio interference. These include but are not limited to: high

       voltage lines, large scale power transmission stations, mobile base stations and broadcasting towers.
       Failing to do so may compromise the transmission quality of this product, cause remote controller and
       video transmission errors may affect flight orientation and location accuracy. The aircraft may behave
       abnormally or fall out of control in areas with too much interference.
    7. P mode is unavailable in polar zones. Users can use ATTI mode instead.
    8. Do not fly the aircraft within no-fly zones specified by local laws and regulations.

    Flight Warnings

    Failsafe and Return to Home

    1. Return to Home will not work if the GPS signal is insufficient or GPS is not active.
    2. Press the RTH Button on the remote controller to bring the aircraft back to the Home Point instead of

       turning off the remote controller.
    3. Tall buildings may adversely affect the Failsafe function. Please adjust the aircraft location, altitude and

       speed while returning home to avoid obstacles.
    4. Make sure to always fly the aircraft within the transmission range of the remote controller.
    5. When updating the Home Point, do not block the GPS signal of the remote controller and ensure the new

       Home Point is correct on the live map.
    6. Do not update the Home Point near tall buildings, as the GPS may be blocked and lead to an incorrect

       location being stored.
    7. Only use the Failsafe and Return to Home functions in case of emergency, as they may be affected by

       the weather, the environment, or any nearby magnetic fields.

    Low Battery

    1. When the Critical Battery Level Warning activates and the aircraft is descending automatically, you may
       push the throttle upward to hover the aircraft and navigate it to a more appropriate location for landing.

    2. When battery warnings are triggered, please bring the aircraft back to the Home Point or land to avoid
       losing power during flight.

    Vision Positioning System

    1. The Vision Positioning System cannot work properly over surfaces that do not have pattern variations.
       The effective altitude for Vision Positioning System to function correctly is less than 2.5 meters.

    2. Vision Positioning System may not function properly when the aircraft is flying over water.
    3. Vision Positioning System may not be able to recognize patterns on the ground in low light conditions (less

       than 100 lux).
    4. Keep your pets away from the aircraft when Vision Positioning System is activated, as the sonar sensors

       emit high frequency sound that is only audible to some pets.
    5. Note that Visual Positioning System may not function properly when the aircraft is flying too fast or too low.

    4 © 2014 DJI. All Rights Reserved.
Transformation Function

1. Ensure the landing gear is lowered before landing.
2. Stay away from the aircraft when it is transforming to prevent injury.
3. DO NOT attempt to catch the aircraft, as the landing gear will lower if the Visual Positioning system

   detects an object and may cause injury.
4. Keep the aircraft arms clean, otherwise transformation may be affected.
5. Never apply lubricants to aircraft arms.

Others                                                                                                          EN

1. If you are using a phone as your mobile display device, be sure to continue flying safely if you receive an
   incoming call.

2. Land as soon as possible if there is an alert shown on the DJI Pilot app.
3. Upon landing, power off the aircraft first, then switch off the remote controller.

Preflight Checklist

1. Check that all parts are in good condition. Do not fly with aging or damaged parts.
2. Remote controller, Intelligent Flight Battery and mobile device are all fully charged.
3. Propellers are mounted correctly and securely.
4. Lens is clear.
5. Micro-SD card has been inserted, if necessary.
6. Gimbal is functioning as normal.
7. Gimbal is correctly attached to the aircraft.
8. Motors can start and are functioning as normal.
9. The DJI Pilot app can connect to the camera and all firmware has been updated to the latest version.

 5© 2014 DJI. All Rights Reserved.
    INSPIRE 1 

    DJI  Inspire 1 
    1.
    2.
    3.
    4.INSPIRE 1 
    5.INSPIRE 1 
    6.INSPIRE 1 

CH  INSPIRE 1 
    INSPIRE 1 
    INSPIRE 1  DJI INSPIRE 1 
    

    

    

    1. INSPIRE 1 
    2.  5  10 
    3. 

         App 
    4. 
    5.  GPS

        "DJI"
    6. 
    7. 

     

    1. 
    2. 
    3. 
    4. 
    5. 

     

    1. 
        

    2. 
        
        

    3. 
        

    4. 
    5. 

        

    6 © 2014  


1. 
    

2. 
3. 
4. 

    
5.  LED 
6. 

                                                                          CH




 






1. 
   22°C  28°C
    3 -20°C  45°C 3 

2. 
   
   

3. 
   

4.  Inspire 1 



1. 
2. 
3.  0%
4.  50  Inspire 1



1. 
2. 
3. 

     GPS 
4. 
5.  Wi-Fi 
6. 

                                                               7© 2014  
        
         GPS 
        
    7.  P  ATTI 
    8. 

CH  

    

    1. GPS  GPS 
        

    2. 
    3. 

        
    4. 
    5.  GPS
    6. GPS 
    7. 

    

    1. 
    2. 

    

    1. 2.5
    2.  GPS 
    3.  GPS  100 lux 

        
    4. 
    5. 

    

    1. 
    2. 
    3. 
    4. 
    5. 

    

    1. 
    2.  DJI Pilot app 
    3. 

    8 © 2014  


1. 
2. 
3. 
4. 
5.  Micro-SD 
6. 
7. 
8. 
9. DJI Pilot app 

                               CH

                    9© 2014  
The content is subject to change.
 Download the latest version from

www.dji.com/support

© 2014 DJI. All Rights Reserved.
