August 31, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12674
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA-2015-0938

Mr. Paul Alley
12512 Southeast 72nd Street
Newcastle, WA 98056

Dear Mr. Alley:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letters posted to the public docket on April 9 and July 14, 2015, you petitioned the Federal
Aviation Administration (FAA). You requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system
(UAS) to conduct real estate photography and aerial mapping.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner are the 3D Robotics Aero-M and DJI Phantom 2.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
                                                                                                                 2

14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

· They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

· The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

· A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Mr. Paul Alley is granted an exemption from 14 CFR
§§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121,
91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to the
extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Mr. Paul Alley is hereafter referred to as the operator.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                                                 3

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the 3D Robotics Aero-
         M and DJI Phantom 2 when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload.
         Proposed operations of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to
         amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
         must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
         documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
         Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
         limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
         the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
         Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
         documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
         operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
                                                                                                            4

    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
                                                                                                            5

    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.
                                                                                                               6

   23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
       any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
       PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
       These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
       official upon request.

   24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
       activities at all times.

   25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

   26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
       persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
          a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
             from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
             that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
             where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
             the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
             of nonparticipating persons; and
          b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
             for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
             the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
             present an undue hazard.

       The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
       nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

   27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
       permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
       Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
       obtained for each flight to be conducted.

   28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
       boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
       to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
       reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
       contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

   29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
       as documented in this grant of exemption.
                                                                                                                 7

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                                                 8
This exemption terminates on September 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.
Sincerely,
/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
                                                                                                                Paul Alley 
                                                                                                12512 SE 72nd Street 

                                                                                                         Newcastle, WA 
                                                                                                                     98056 

 
Federal Aviation Administration 
 
U.S. Department of Transportation, Docket Operations  
West Building Ground Floor, Room W12140 1200  
New Jersey Avenue, SE  
Washington, DC  
20590 
 
Dear Sir, Madam, 
 
My name is Paul Alley and I am writing to request an exemption from the FAA which would 
allow me to apply for, and receive, certificates of operations (COA's) which would allow me to 
operate Unmanned Aerial Systems (UAS) within the National Airspace System (NAS) for the 
purposes of commercial real estate photography, and aerial mapping.  While a blanket 
authorization has been provided for operations below 200', this petition seeks authorization to 
apply for COAs covering flights up to 400' AGL for the purposes of aerial mapping and 
surveying. 
 
I've held a private pilot certificate and 3rd class medical for 7 years, and flown gliders for the 
last 20 years, during which time I have planned and safely completed many flights in and 
around complex airspace in a variety of locations throughout the contiguous United States. 
Interacting with ATC, studying airspace, and working within the rules to maximize the safety of 
my operations has been paramount throughout my flying career, which has led to a flawless 
safety record. 
 
Besides my close work with real estate teams to provide photography services, I have worked 
on GIS and aerial photography applications for a local and federal agencies, and was on a 
team that provided realtime ground point analysis during an aerial survey of the Grand 
Canyon in 2008 for the U.S. Geological Survey.  I have been flying radio controlled aircraft 
since my childhood, and have gained hundreds of hours of experience with a variety of 
quadcopters, including the ones included in this petition.  All of this experience has given me 
a deep and profound respect for the safety issues involved with operating aircraft, whether 
manned or unmanned, within the NAS. 
 
Therefore, I believe an exemption to the following regulations would allow me to safely enter, 
and look for ways to expand, the unmanned aerial systems (uas) industry in order to serve a 
growing demand for aerial imagery and videography for real estate, public agencies, and 
other potential consumers: 
 
Part 21 Airworthiness Certification 21, Subpart H Certification procedures for products and 
parts, Airworthiness Certificates  
Part 61 Certification: Pilots, Light Instructors, and Ground Instructors  
Part 91 General Operating and Flight Rules  

         91.103(b)(2) Preflight action  
         91.105 Flight crewmembers at stations  
         91.109 Flight instruction  
         91.119 Minimum safe altitudes  
         91.121 Altimeter settings  
         91.151 Fuel requirements for flights in VFR conditions  
         91.405 Maintenance required  
         91.407 Operation after maintenance  
         91.409 Inspections  
         91.417 Maintenance records 
 
1. How the proposed UAS operation will be safely conducted to minimize risk to the 
NAS or to persons and property on the ground.  
 
Prior to, and during, flight operations, the UAS crew will ensure the following: 
 
     Provide appropriate notice to ATC and/or FSDO when planning UAS operations 
     Check for NOTAMs or other temporary flight restrictions 
     Conduct extensive flight planning in and around the area of operations using approved 
         FAA sectional maps, and other sources as needed. 
     Provide ample notice to residents or other people may be in the vicinity of UAS 
         operations so they can take appropriate safety precautions (e.g. have adjacent 
         neighbors remain indoors or away from area during operations). 
     Ensure the UAS maintains a safe elevation and distance from people and property to 
         reduce the risk of harm in the event of a UAS failure or crash. 
     Provide signage and/or road traffic control in the vicinity of operations when necessary 
     Prior to operations, PIC conducts thorough, systematic preflight procedure using 
         checklists 
     PIC will maintain logs for both flight time and UAS maintenance 
     After each assembly, the PIC will thoroughly inspect the UAS and ensure all systems 
         are working properly. 
     UAS operation will be limited to daylight hours 
     UAS operation will be limited to VFR conditions 
     UAS operation will be limited to wind gusts less than 5 knots 
     During operations, both participating and crew or nonparticipating observers within 
         the operational area will wear OSHA approved hard hats.   
     During operations, participating crew (the spotter and PIC) will maintain handsfree 
         radio communications when not in voice range 
 
The petitioner requests exemptions for two distinct UAS systems, one of which will serve as a 
fixed wing platform for aerial mapping and surveying, while the other will serve as a multirotor 
platform for real estate and architectural photography: 
 
3D Robotics AeroM (Primary fixed wing UAS for aerial mapping) 

     Design: Single electric motor fixed wing 
     Weight: 6.8 lbs (3kg) 
     Payload capacity: 1.1 lbs (500g) 
     Radio Frequency: 925 mHz 
     Payload: Canon S100 camera 
     Safety features: 

               Autohome feature for loss of radio, gps, or VLOS 
               Autodeployed parachute 
 
DJI Phantom II (primary multirotor UAS for Real Estate Imaging) 
     Design: 4 rotor 
     Weight: 1kg 
     Maximum load: 2.5kg (1.5kg payload) 
     Radio Frequency: 925 mHz 
     Payload: Sony Alpha 6000 camera with 20mm lens 
     Safety Features: 
               Autohome feature for loss of radio, gps, or VLOS 
 
 
2. Procedures such as preflight inspections, maintenance, and repair, to ensure that 
the UAS is in a condition for safe flight. 
 
Preflight: Prior to flying any certified machine the pilot in command (pic) would follow a 
preflight checklist to ensure all flight, control, and safety systems are in proper working order 
(see "Appendix A: Preflight Checklist" at the end of this document). 
 
Inspections: Thorough inspections of flight, control, and safety systems will be conducted prior 
to flight operations `session', which may include one or more individual flights.  Essentially 
each time the UAS is assembled, disassembled, transported, or modified in any way the PIC 
will conduct a thorough inspection and ensure all systems are in working order. 
 
Maintenance: UAS will be maintained by the PIC, or sent to the manufacturer if complex 
maintenance is necessary.  If maintenance defects are found prior to flight operations, those 
defects will be fixed before any UAS flights commence.  All manufacturer mechanical, 
firmware, and software updates will be incorporated into the UAS as soon as they are 
released and made available to UAS owners. 
 
Repair:  Standard repairs will be performed by the petitioner/PIC if able.  If repairs require 
expertise beyond that of the petitioner, the UAS or broken part(s) will be sent to a repair 
specialist or factory for repair or replacement. 
 
Any maintenance or repair activities will be entered into the UAS logbook. 
 
3. Radio Frequency (RF) spectrum used for control of the UAS and associated 
equipment that is part of the UAS (i.e., sensors, cameras, etc.) 
 
Flight Operations RF: 2.4 GHz ISM (industry standard FCC compliance) 
Camera/Gimbal Operations RF: 2.4 GHz ISM (industry standard FCC compliance) 
 
4. Qualifications required of any PIC(s) who will be directly responsible for the 
operation of the UAS, or anyone acting as an observer in the flight operation 
 
PIC  The PIC responsible for the overall operation of the UAS covered in this petition, Paul 
Alley, holds a current Private Pilot certificate, has over two hundred hours of flight time in a 
single engine Cessna, and has several hundred hours of UAS flying experience.  The PIC will 
maintain a minimum of 20 hours of flight time in any particular UAS being utilized as part of 
this petition.  The primary role of the PIC is to ensure the overall safety of crew and public 
throughout UAS operations, ensure all FAA regulations are followed, and serve as the pilot in 
command of the UAS during commercial operations covered in this petition. 
 
Observer  The primary role of the observer is to ensure the area of operations remains safe 
and clear throughout the flight, and also to assist with identifying any potential flight hazards 
or mechanical issues.  The observer and the PIC will maintain radio communications when 
out of voice range.  The observer will advise the PIC of potential hazards to avoid, or if 
conditions in the area of operations have changed such that continuing the flight would be 
unsafe. 
 
5. Medical standards and certification of the PIC(s) directly responsible for the 
operation of the UAS 
 
The PIC of any UAS utilized within this exemption will maintain a valid, current, 3rd Class 
Medical Certificate. 
 
6. Description of intended UAS operation(s) 
 
The UAS operations pertaining to this exemption request are intended to serve the aerial 
imaging needs of residential and commercial real estate agents, and agencies, urban, 
suburban, and rural communities.  A typical aerial imaging session would consist of one or 
more flights in which images are captured from various angles, elevations, and headings 
surrounding the property being imaged.  These operations may include any or all of the 
following activities: 
 

     Flight durations of 5 to 25 minutes 
     Flight elevations of 0' to 200' AGL 
     Flights in residential and/or commercially zoned (congested) areas 
     Circular or grid pattern flights to ensure coverage of properties being imaged 
 
Petitioners should describe how the proposed operation(s) would not adversely affect safety, 
or how they would provide a level of safety at least equivalent to that provided by the rule from 
which exemption is sought.  
 
In order to maximize safe operations of UAS, the PIC will: 
 
     Provide appropriate notice to ATC and/or FSDO when planning UAS operations 
     Check for NOTAMs or other temporary flight restrictions 
     Conduct extensive flight planning in and around the area of operations using approved 

         FAA sectional maps, and other sources as needed. 
     Provide ample notice to residents or other people may be in the vicinity of UAS 

         operations so they can take appropriate safety precautions (e.g. have adjacent 
         neighbors remain indoors or away from area during operations). 
     Ensure the UAS maintains a safe elevation and distance from people and property to 
         reduce the risk of harm in the event of a UAS failure or crash. 
     Provide signage and/or road traffic control in the vicinity of operations 
     Prior to operations, PIC will test the failsafe `return home' feature that automatically 
         routes the UAS back to it's takeoff location when radio transmissions are disrupted. 
     Only operate UAS which utilize automated landing/stabilization features 
     PIC will maintain logs for both flight time and UAS maintenance 
     Before each flight, the PIC will conduct thorough preflight inspections, using a 
         checklist. 
     After each assembly, the PIC will thoroughly inspect the UAS and ensure all systems 
         are working properly. 
     UAS operation will be limited to daylight hours 
     UAS operation will be limited to VFR conditions 
     UAS operation will be limited to wind gusts less than 5 knots 
     During operations, both participating and crew or nonparticipating observers within 
         the operational area will wear OSHA approved hard hats.   
     During operations, participating crew (the spotter and PIC) will maintain handsfree 
         radio communications when not in voice range 
     The PIC will never exceed a maximum distance of 300' between the UAS and himself. 
 
Plans to implement clearly defined operational borders and procedures to ensure public 
safety, which includes persons and property both in the air and on the ground: 
 
Ground: 
Areas of operation will vary based on the location of the real estate being imaged.  As such, 
operational borders will be defined by street signage starting at least one hour before 
operations begin, and verbal/written communication with neighbors at least 24 hours in 
advance of operations.  Operations will not extend beyond 100' horizontally from the property 
being imaged, so anyone who lives or maintain property within that area will be notified prior 
to operations. 
 
Air: 
PIC will relay planned area of operations to appropriate ATC authorities prior to operations, 
and ensure any current NOTAMs are being complied with.  Prior to operations PIC will also 
compare proposed areas of operation with FAA sectional maps to ensure no air space 
conflicts or restrictions exist.  Additionally, both UAS platforms listed in this petition have built 
in nofly zone capability which blocks flights in the vicinity of airports and other restricted 
areas. 
 
7. Proposed maximum operating speed and altitude, and describe minimum flight 
visibility and distance from clouds for their intended operation(s). Description of 
potential hazards and safety mitigations associated with these proposed conditions. 
 
Any UAS operated as part of this exemption wil adhere to the following flight limitations 
 

     Maximum operating speed: 30 kmh 
               While this is the top speed of UAS covered in this exemption request, the 
                   actual operational speeds ideal for aerial imaging are in the 07 knot range. 
               The PIC will keep all operations under 10 knots in congested residential areas 

     Maximum operating altitude: 400' 
               The ideal operating altitude for most aerial imaging needs is under 200' AGL. 
               Imaging rural areas for mapping purposes could require flights up to 400' AGL. 
               UAS operations will not occur in locations where the required altitude for 
                   capturing real estate images or aerial mapping imagery interferes with air traffic 
                   or violates airspace restrictions, without prior consent from ATC authorities. 
               The operational altitude for any aerial imaging session will be conveyed and 
                   cleared with appropriate ATC authorities. 

     Minimum flight visibility: 3 miles 
               As the PIC will never be further than 400 ft from the UAS during commercial 
                   operations, the PIC will be able to safely operate UAS when flight visibility is 
                   restricted to at least three miles. 

     Minimum distance from clouds: 500 ft below, 2000 ft horizontal 
               This exemption would not require operations in close proximity to clouds, 
                   beyond that which is defined for VFR Class E operations. 

 
8. Description of characteristics of the area of intended operation(s) and the associated 
potential hazards 
 
Areas of intended operations can be any of the following: 

     Residential areas and neighborhoods  specifically within 100' of the boundary of the 
         property for which imagery is being collected 

     Commercially zoned areas specifically within 100' of the boundary of the property for 
         which imagery is being collected 

     Rural (uncongested) commercial/residential areas 
 
By nature, properties involved with residential and commercial real estate have the potential 
of being within a congested area containing people and/or property.  However, the following 
precautions will be taken to minimize the risk to people or property in the area of UAS 
operations: 
 

     Visual signage in and around the area of operations, starting at least one hour prior to 
         operations 

     Written or verbal communication with neighboring residents and/or businesses to 
         announce when and where flight operations will be taking place, and recommended 
         ways to minimize danger to the public and property (parking cars in garage, keeping 
         bystanders away from the area of operations, etc.) 

     Flights will be planned in such a way to minimize the risk to neighboring properties and 
         people (avoiding areas where piloting errors, mechanical malfunctions, or any other 
         unexpected decent could lead to harm or property damage). 

 
The PIC and spotter will stay alert for changing conditions in the area of operations.  If 
anything in the area of operations becomes unsafe for completing a flight (e.g. a child runs 
into the front yard of a property being photographed), the UAS will be landed in a safe 
location, away from the emerging hazard, and operations discontinued until the area of 
operations can once again be cleared for safe flight. 
 
9. Petitioners should describe if they intend to operate in the proximity of any airports 
 
Petitioner does not intend to operate in the vicinity of any airports, or seek future approval to 
do so. 
 
10. Description of how the UAS will be operated within visual lineofsight (VLOS), in 
accordance with the statutory mandate under Section 333(b)(1) 
 
PIC will maintain VLOS throughout the entire flight.  If multiple photographic angles are 
necessary, which would block the view of the UAS from the PIC, the PIC will land the UAS 
and move to a position which provides VLOS to be maintained throughout the entire flight. 
Operations will occur during the day, and adhere to the VFR visibility and clearance 
minimums defined for class E airspace (10 miles, 500' below clouds, 2000' horizontal cloud 
clearance). 
 
Additionally, both UAS models requested for operations under this petition have "autohome" 
capabilities which allow the operator to send a "home" command to the UAS in the event that 
visual contact is lost, which will instruct the UAS to fly to it's starting position and land safely. 
 
11. Description of procedures for conducting a preflight safety risk assessment to 
determine that the UAS is in a condition for safe flight (14 CFR § 91.7(b)) and that the 
planned operation can be completed safely: 
 
UAS Condition: 

     Payload (camera/gimbal) securely attached 
     Propellers smooth and clear of any defects 
     Propellers attached to correct motor drives 
     Propeller arms straight, clear of any defects 
     Controller system engaged, connected 
     UAS batteries fully charged 
     Controller batteries fully charged 
     Home location marked 
     UAS trimmed neutral 
 
Operational Area Condition:  
     Conduct a physical `walkaround' the area of operations to ensure people and property 

         are not at risk. 
     Consult the appropriate FAA sectional chart to determine if there are any flight 

         restrictions for the area of operations 
     Determine whether any active NOTAMs affect planned UAS flight operations 
     Check current weather conditions and shortterm forecasts to ensure weather 

         conditions are conducive to safe UAS operations 
     Ensure spotter and other required personnel are ready 
 
12. Protocol for coordinating with a Flight Standards District Office (FSDO) in the event 
that operations would require notification ­ such as motion picture and television 
filming, or pipeline and powerline patrol. 
 
In the event that coordination with FSDOs is necessary (which is unlikely for the context of 
aerial real estate photography as areas of operations are mostly constrained to a small area), 
the PIC will contact/notify the relevant FSDO office.  For operations based in the primary 
service area in and around the greater Puget Sound area, the following FSDO will be 
consulted for any activities which necessitate coordination with ATC. 
 
1601 Lind Avenue SW, Suite 260  
Renton, WA 98057  
(425) 2272813 
 
 
  
Appendix A: Preflight Checklist 
 
Airspace: 
 

    1) Airspace clear  visual check 
    2) TFRs and NOTAMs  checked? 
    3) Airport vicinity  checked? 
 
Environment: 
 
    1) People clear of operations area 
    2) Property clear of operations area 
    3) Road and/or walkway signage visible 
    4) Spotter ready  radio check 
    5) Wind  gusts < 5 knots 
 
Aircraft: 
 
    1) Rotor arms and major components secured  
    2) Signs of cracks, damage  visual check 
    3) Battery secured & charged 
    4) Wires/controller secured 
    5) Payload secured 
    6) Props attached securely, free of damage 
 
Controller: 
 
    1) Home location programmed 
    2) Batteries charged 
    3) Gimbal control  check 
    4) Radio to UAS linkage  check 
 
 
 
                                                                                                                   Paul Alley 
                                                                                                  12512 SE 72nd Street 

                                                                                                            Newcastle, WA 
                                                                                                                        98056 

 
Federal Aviation Administration 
 
U.S. Department of Transportation, Docket Operations  
West Building Ground Floor, Room W12140 1200  
New Jersey Avenue, SE  
Washington, DC  
20590 
 
Response to 333 Exemption Request Denial 
 
I received a letter informing me that the FAA is unable to process my request for an exemption 
from Title 14, Code of Federal Regulations (14 CFR).  The letter stated that in order for my 
exemption request to be considered further, I must send the following: 
 

     The reasons why granting the request would be in the public interest that is, how it 
         would benefit the public as a whole 
          

     Any additional information, views, or arguments available to support your request 
 
 
Please consider my responses to these items below: 
 
The reasons why granting the request would be in the public interest that is, how it 
would benefit the public as a whole 
 
The public stands to benefit from this exemption in the following ways: 
 

     Providing public agencies with a lower cost, safer alternative to collecting aerial imagery 
         used in long term monitoring and and GIS analysis of solid waste facilities (dumps) and 
         other large capital projects. 

     Providing services which allow public stormwater management agencies to improve 
         monitoring and compliance with the EPA mandated National Pollutant Discharge 
         Elimination System by providing realtime aerial imagery and impact analysis after large 
         storm or flood events. 

     Providing public agencies with tools to monitor compliance of commercial landowners 
         and leaseholders on public lands with regards to changes in vegetation (loss) and/or 
         impervious surface management. 
     Aerial imagery subscription services provided to commercial developers would help them 
         meet and demonstrate pollution and stormwater management "Best Management 
         Practices" (BMPs) throughout the construction and bonding transfer stage between 
         private developers and public entities. 

     All services, equipment, etc would be available for volunteer (free) use for situations 
         where aerial imagery and/or mapping could assist with emergency management efforts. 

     My services would allow real estate agents and other entities interested in aerial imagery 
         to seek out a safer, regulated alternative to doityourself hobbyists who may not 
         consider airspace and other safety related issues, thereby improving airspace safety for 
         everyone. 

 
 
Any additional information, views, or arguments available to support your request 
 

     As demonstrated by a lifelong professional commitment to public service in the science 
         and municipal utilities sectors, I am passionate about improving the life of citizens and 
         the public as a whole.  Leveraging my close relationships with regional municipalities 
         and utility agencies, in addition to my deep industry knowledge surrounding municipal 
         stormwater and landfill management, I believe strongly that the professional aerial 
         imaging services covered under this exemption request would improve the ability of 
         project, land, and municipal managers to meet or exceed legally mandated compliance 
         and monitoring objectives, while simultaneously minimizing cost and risk to the public. 
         Several agencies I have met with have expressed a strong interest in utilizing a legal and 
         regulated contractor to provide mapping and imagery services via UAS. 
          

     Since filing my original petition for exemption, I have completed seminar/course from 
         Forrester University's Department of Civil Engineering: "Drones: Revolutionizing Site 
         Inspections" (certificate attached).  This course highlighted research and techniques in 
         the areas of using GPS enabled UAS for mapping and imaging stormwater management 
         sites in regular compliance monitoring programs, and poststormevent documentation 
         (attached below). 

 
 
