April 1, 2015

                                                          Exemption No. 11278
                                                          Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2014­0845

Mr. Mark E. McKinnon
Counsel for Perfect View Aerial Media, LLC
McKenna Long & Aldridge LLP
1676 International Drive, Penthouse
Mclean, VA 22102

Dear Mr. McKinnon:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

The Basis for Our Decision

By letter dated October 14, 20141, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA)
on behalf of Perfect View Aerial Media, LLC (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an
exemption. The exemption would allow the petitioner to operate an unmanned aircraft system
(UAS) to conduct thermal and photographic inspection of power infrastructure.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

Discussion of Public Comments:

A summary of the petition was published in the Federal Register on November 13, 2014,
(79 FR 67535). Three comments were received. The Small UAV Coalition (Coalition)

1 By letter dated January 7, 2015, the petitioner responded to the FAA's request for information.
                                                                                                                 2

commented in support of the petition. The Air Line Pilots Association, International (ALPA)
and the National Agricultural Aviation Association (NAAA) opposed it.

In support of the petition, the Coalition stated the petitioner has proposed to abide by stronger
safety measures than hobby and modeler groups operating similar aircraft. The Coalition
stated that it does not believe that heightened safety measures should be required for the
petitioner simply because of the commercial nature of its operations. The Coalition urged the
FAA to adopt an evaluation framework for UAS operations under Section 333 of
Public Law 112­95 that weighs the relative safety issues and risks of UAS by class and
operational circumstances, rather than adopting artificial distinctions among unmanned aerial
vehicles based on commercial and noncommercial operations. The petitioner's UAS pose
considerably less safety risk than larger UAS. The Coalition asserted that because UAS
operations like the petitioner's pose minimal risk to safety, they should be subject to minimal
and appropriate regulations.

The Coalition noted the FAA is to consider the seven factors2 in Section 333 as a minimum.
The Coalition stated the petition shows the FAA should consider factors other than those
specified in Section 333, such as location and altitude of its UAS operations. The Coalition
maintained that the petitioner's proposed operations satisfy the seven factors in Section 333
and include several additional mitigating factors to ensure the safety and security of the
proposed UAS operations. The Coalition emphasized the FAA must evaluate each factor
within the context of the petitioner's proposed UAS operations.

The Coalition also commented that the FAA should grant relief from the requirement to hold
an airman's certificate. The Coalition further stated that if an airman certificate is required
then, that at a minimum, the FAA should provide an exception from the training and testing
requirements in part 61 in favor if requirements pertinent to the aircraft and operation
proposed. The Coalition also asserted that in section 333 Congress intended for the FAA to
consider national security with respect to the operation as opposed to addressing it through
pilot certification.

The FAA notes that, as discussed in the grant of exemption to Trimble Navigation Ltd.
(Exemption No. 11110), neither section 333, nor the FAA's exemption authority3 allows the
FAA to exempt pilots from the statutory requirement to hold an airman certificate as
prescribed in 49 USC § 44711.

The Coalition commented that a visual observer (VO) should not be required for all small
UAS operations. The Coalition further asserted that the presence of one or more VOs may

2 Section 333(b) of P.L. 112 95 states, in part: "In making the determination under subsection (a), the Secretary
shall determine, at a minimum-- (1) which types of unmanned aircraft systems, if any, as a result of their size,
weight, speed, operational capability, proximity to airports and populated areas, and operation within visual line
of sight do not create a hazard to users of the national airspace system or the public or pose a threat to national
security; ..."
3 49 USC § 44701(f)
                                                                                                                 3

allow the UAS to be operated beyond visual line of sight (VLOS) of the pilot in command
(PIC) and that the petitioner's proposal to operate the unmanned aircraft (UA) within VLOS
of the PIC and/or VO should be permitted.

The FAA notes that one of the determinations for operations under section 333 is operation
within visual line of sight. The PIC must maintain VLOS while operating the UA. The FAA
finds that a VO complements the PIC's capability to see and avoid other aircraft, including
when the PIC may be momentarily attending to other flying tasks. The VO provides an
additional level of operational safety.

ALPA expressed concern regarding several aspects of the petition. ALPA noted the petitioner
did not detail procedures for controlling the airspace or area of operation. Specifically, ALPA
stated "there must be means both to ensure that the sUAS remains within the defined airspace
and to ensure that the hazard of other aircraft intruding on the operation is mitigated."

The FAA believes the limitations under which the petitioner will operate (i.e. VLOS and at or
below 400 feet above ground level (AGL)) are sufficient mitigations to this risk so that the
operations will not adversely affect safety.

Regarding the petitioner's statement that the PIC and observer will be able to communicate by
voice, ALPA stated that the pilot and observer should be able to maintain a visual observation
of the aircraft and area of operation when using voice communication. NAAA stated UAS
observers must be present and able to communicate with the operator from the most minimal
distance possible. The conditions and limitations regarding PIC and VO communications
address those concerns.

ALPA asserted the UAS's lithium polymer batteries have numerous associated fire and
explosion hazards as outlined in DOT/FAA/AR-09/55, "Flammability Assessment of
Lithium-Ion and Lithium-Ion Polymer Battery Cell Designed for Aircraft Power Usage
(January 2010)," and that the safe carriage of the batteries and the mitigations in place for
known risks should be addressed. The referenced study was primarily conducted to determine
how certain battery cells react in a fire situation aboard manned airplanes. Given the size of
the battery and the operating conditions of the UAS, the FAA concludes that the use of a
lithium polymer battery will not pose an undue safety risk for the proposed operations.

ALPA commented that command and control (C2) link failures are one of the most common
failures on a UAS, and that lost link mitigations should require safe modes to prevent
flyaways or other scenarios. The FAA has inserted conditions and limitations in this
exemption to mitigate the risk associated with such failures.
                                                                                                                 4

ALPA also noted that the petitioner's proposed operations are for "compensation or hire," and
therefore contends the pilot must hold at least a current FAA commercial pilot certificate with
an appropriate category and class rating for the type of aircraft being flown, as well as specific
and adequate training on the UAS make and model intended to be used. Similarly, ALPA
asserted a current second-class airman medical certificate should be required. NAAA also
commented on pilot qualification, stating--

         Just as manned aircraft pilots are required to undergo a rigorous training
         curriculum and show that they are fit to operate a commercial aircraft, so too
         must UAS operators. Holding a commercial certificate holds UAS operators to
         similar high standards as commercial aircraft operators and ensures they are
         aware of their responsibilities as commercial operators within the NAS.
         Medical requirements ensure they have the necessary visual and mental acuity
         to operate a commercial aircraft repeatedly over a sustained period of time.

The FAA has reviewed the knowledge and training requirements of sport, recreational, private
and commercial certificates and concluded that a UAS PIC with a minimum of a sport pilot
certificate, operating under this exemption, would not adversely affect operations in the NAS
or present a hazard to persons or property on the ground.

ALPA opposed an exemption from the pre-flight action requirements of § 91.103. In addition,
although the petitioner did not request an exemption from § 91.113, ALPA noted the
petitioner must specify a means to meet see and avoid requirements in § 91.113 given the
absence of an onboard pilot. The FAA notes that all flights must be operated within VLOS of
the PIC and VO.

ALPA commented the aircraft will not have a barometric altimeter as required by
14 CFR § 91.121. ALPA stated that processes or mitigations must be in place to ensure the
UA can accurately maintain including engineering processes, software development and
control, electronic hardware development and control, configuration management, and design
assurance to ensure the aircraft and its control system(s) operate to the same level of safety as
other aircraft operated commercially in the National Airspace System (NAS).

Regarding the minimum safe altitude requirements of § 91.119, ALPA stated all aircraft in the
NAS must operate to the same high level of safety. ALPA argued this includes the
maintenance of a safe altitude for both airplanes and helicopters.

Regarding the fuel requirements of § 91.151, ALPA argued that using batteries as the only
source of an aircraft's power is a substantial shift from traditional methods of propulsion, and
requires further research to determine best safety practices.

ALPA also expressed concern that the petition makes no reference to compliance with, or a
request for waiver from, 14 CFR 61.195, Flight instructor limitations and qualifications,
which defines the requirements for flight instructors. A certificated flight instructor is
                                                                                                                 5

authorized to provide the instruction required for the certificates or ratings or currency listed
in 14 CFR § 61.193. A person instructing on how to operate the UAS under the petitioner's
training program would not need to be a certificated flight instructor because the instruction is
not being provided for a certificate or rating listed in § 61.193. We note that none of the UAS
operations proposed by the petitioner require such flight instruction because § 61.31(l) allows
for operation of the UAS by an airman who is current per 14 CFR § 61.56 without a category
and class rating. Instruction provided toward obtaining the pilot certificate required by this
exemption would need to be provided by a certificated flight instructor.

Regarding §§ 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(2), and 91.417(a) and (b), ALPA opposed
the petitioner's attempt to avoid compliance with established aircraft maintenance and
recordkeeping requirements. ALPA states the UAS should comply with the same level of
safety as other aircraft operated commercially in the NAS. The FAA finds that adherence to
the petitioner's operating documents, as required by the conditions and limitations below, is
sufficient to ensure that safety is not adversely affected.

ALPA also expressed concern that the petitioner's request is not for a single specific
operation or location, but for all operations of the same general type. ALPA stated that this
results in a considerable increase in the FAA's oversight tasks. The FAA notes ALPAs
concern and in order to minimize potential impact to the NAS, the FAA requires that each
operator secure a Certificate of Authorization or COA which covers specific details of the
petitioners operation. The FAA recognizes that UAS integration will generate new NAS
access demand and will review and adjust accordingly.

NAAA noted that its members operate in low level airspace, and therefore clear low level
airspace is vital to the safety of these operators. NAAA stated that seeing and avoiding other
aircraft and hazardous obstructions is the backbone for agricultural safety, and that
agricultural pilots depend on pilots of other aircraft to perform their see and avoid functions to
prevent collisions. NAAA believes UAS operations at low altitudes will increase the potential
for collision with agricultural aircraft.

The FAA recognizes these concerns and has incorporated associated conditions and
limitations into this exemption, including: ( a) a Notice to Airmen (NOTAM) issued for all
operations;, (b) operations conducted within VLOS of the pilot in command (PIC) and the
VO,; and (c) the UAS PIC must always yield right-of-way to manned aircraft.

NAAA stated that FAA airworthiness certification should be a requirement for all unmanned
aircraft to operate within the NAS. NAAA recommended UAS be equipped with ADS-B or
similar identification and positioning systems, strobe lights, high-visibility markings and
registration numbers. NAAA also recommended UAS be operated strictly within the line-of-
sight of the ground controller, with the assistance of a VO and well clear of any low-flying
manned aircraft.
                                                                                                                 6

As discussed below, Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012
authorizes the Secretary of Transportation to determine, considering a number of factors laid
out in the statute, that an airworthiness certificate is not necessary for certain operations. The
Secretary has made that determination in this case and therefore the aircraft operated by the
petitioner will not need to be certificated by the FAA.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a DJI S­1000.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
                                                                                                                 7

delegated to me by the Administrator, Perfect View Aerial Media, LLC is granted an
exemption from 14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a),
91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and
91.417(a) and (b), to the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform
aerial data collection. This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Perfect View Aerial Media, LLC is hereafter referred to as
the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI S­1000 when
         weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any other
         aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC must
         be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.
                                                                                                            8

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update or
    revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then the
    operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's UAS
    Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding updates or
    revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g. replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g. inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and aircraft
    components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer safety
    bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
                                                                                                            9

    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Colombia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current FAA-
    published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a pre-
    determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.
                                                                                                          10

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification (N-
    Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must be
    as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating. These
    documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

    The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
    nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
                                                                                                               11

         to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
         reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
         contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

 If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
 television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                     12

This exemption terminates on April 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service
Albany            McKenna Long                                                       Northern Virgin ia
Atlanta                                                                                Orange County
Brussels            &Aldridge.u·
Denver                                                                              Rancho Santa Fe
Los Angeles        1676 International Drive · Penthouse                                       San Diego
Miami                          Mclean. VA 22102
New York                       Tel: 703.336.8800                                         San Francisco
                               mckennalong.com                                                       Seoul
MARK E. MCKINNON
703.336 .8708           October 14, 2014                                              Washington, DC

                                                                             EMAIL ADDRESS
                                                         mmckinnonf@mckennalong.com

U.S. Department of Transportation
Docket Management System
1200 New Jersey Ave., SE
Washington, DC 20590

         Re: Petition of Perfect View Aerial Media, LLC for an Exemption Pursuant to
                  Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of2012

Dear Gentlemen:

         Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 ("Reform
Act") and 14 C.F.R. Part 11, Perfect View Aerial Media, LLC ("Perfect View"), hereby applies
for an exemption from the Federal Aviation Regulations ("FARs") identified below, to allow
commercial operations of small unmanned aerial vehicles (i.e., "small unmanned aircraft" or
"UAS").

         This exemption is made based on the information in this petition, as well as the
accompanying Perfect View Operations and Safety Manual ("Operations Manual") and the DJI
S-1 000 flight and maintenance manuals. Petitioner submits this supporting material as
confidential documents under 14 C.F.R. § 11.35(b), as they contain confidential commercial and
proprietary information that the Petitioner has not and will not share with others. Similarly,
these documents contain operating conditions and procedures that are not available to the public
and are protected from release under the Freedom oflnformation Act, 5 U.S.C. § 552 et seq., and
any other requirements established by the FAA pursuant to Section 333 ofthe FAA Reform Act.

         For your convenience, the petition is organized as follows:

I. Description of Petitioner
II. Relevant Statutory Authority
III. Perfect View Aerial Media's Proposed UAS Operations Meet The Requirements Of

         Section 333 Of The Reform Act
U.S. Department of Transportation
October 14, 2014
Page 2

IV.    Regulations From Which Exemption is Requested
       A. 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H- Airworthiness Certificates and 14
V.
VI.             C.F.R. § 91.203
VII.   B. 14 C.F.R. Part 27 Airworthiness Standards: Normal Category
VIII.
IX.             Rotorcraft
       C. 14 C.F.R. § § 91.9(c), 45.23(b) and 45.27(a): Aircraft Marking and

                Identification Requirements
       D. 14 C.F.R. § 91.9(b)(2): Civil Aircraft Flight Manual in the Aircraft and 14

                C.F.R. § 91.203(a) and (b): Carrying Civil Aircraft Certification and
                Registration
       E. 14 C.F.R. § 91.7(a): Civil Aircraft Airworthiness
       F. 14 C.F.R. § 91.103: Preflight Action
       G. 14 C.F.R. § 91.109(a): Flight Instruction
       H. 14 C.F.R. § 91.119: Minimum Safe Altitudes
       I. 14 C.F.R. § 91.121: Altimeter Settings
       J. 14 C.F.R. § 91.151(a): Fuel Requirements for Flight in VFR
                Conditions
       K. 14 C.F.R. § 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(2); 91.417(a) and (b):
                Maintenance Inspections
       L. 14 CFR § 61.113
       Drug and Alcohol Program
       Public Interest
       Privacy
       Federal Register Summary
       Conclusion

       I. DESCRIPTION OF PETITIONER

         Perfect View seeks the requested exemptions to permit it to offer thermal and optical
imaging and inspections of electric power infrastructure. In addition, Perfect View seeks
authority to conduct flights for training and maintenance purposes in a sterile area free from
hazards and persons.

         Perfect View has adopted a philosophy that recognizes that UAS operations are a part of
the complex, interconnected systems that make up the national airspace (NAS). In addition,
Perfect View personnel have longstanding experience in conducting electric power infrastructure
inspections and are well aware of the special safety issues that arise from working in this
environment. The Perfect View Team consists of Professional Electrical Engineers, Electrical
Operations Managers, FAA Licensed Pilots, Certified Thermographers and professional
photographers.
U.S. Department of Transportation
October 14, 2014
Page 3

         The delivery of reliable electrical power and other utility services is essential in our
demanding technological world. Manufacturers operating 24/7 depend on it to remain profitable,
as do commercial enterprises at all levels. It is critical in everyday life, at home, on the road, in
business and for public safety. That is why the most successful utility companies take every
precaution to prevent sudden outages, and why thermal imaging has become a core predictive
maintenance tool in their ongoing inspection programs. They depend on thermal imaging for
intensive regular substation surveys as well as quick safety checks of energized equipment
before beginning maintenance work. This helps utilities avoid costly service interruptions and
exorbitant equipment losses. Deregulation in the electric utility industry in a number of states
prompted utilities to become more cost-competitive, leading to the outsourcing of infrastructure
work to contractors who could do the job more efficiently. Moreover, much of the transmission
and distribution infrastructure in the United States is aging and in need of repair or replacement.

         The Perfect View team has developed a system that incorporates the better of two
emerging technologies: remotely piloted aerial systems and thermal imaging. Perfect View has
developed operating practices to provide customers with a safe, low cost, comprehensive aerial
inspection program, including:

          Substation Aerial Thermal
          Overhead Power Line Video and photographic vegetation growth inspections
          Overhead Power Line components Thermal inspections
         Post Storm damage assessment
          Live video Streaming (Thermal and HD)

         The Perfect View team consists of individuals who have been active members of the
UAS hobbyists community and have a combined experience of over 40 years operating small
UAS. As a result, they have a keen awareness of issues affecting the safe use ofUAS and the
importance of thorough planning for both normal operations and for contingencies that might
affect the safety of flight.

          The contact information for Petitioner is as follows:

         Perfect View Aerial Media, LLC
         Attn: Ben Richardson

        7379 Lions Gate Rd.

         Suite 108
         Coconut Creek, FL 33073
         email:info@pvam.net

II. RELEVANT STATUTORY AUTHORITY
U.S. Department of Transportation
October 14, 2014
Page4

         This petition for exemption is submitted in accordance with the Section 333(a) through
(c) ofthe FAA Modernization and Reform Act of2012. Congress has directed the FAA "to
safely accelerate the integration of civil unmanned aircraft systems into the national airspace
system." Pursuant to Section 333 ofthe Reform Act, the FAA Administrator is to permit
unmanned aircraft systems to operate in the National Airspace System ("NAS") where it is safe
to do so based on the following considerations:

              · The UAS's size, weight, speed, and operational capability;

              · Operation of the UAS in close proximity to airports and populated areas; and

              · Operation of the UAS within the visual line of sight of the operator. 1

         Additionally, the FAA Administrator has general authority to grant exemptions from its
safety regulations and minimum standards when the Administrator decides a requested
exemption is in the public interest. See 49 U.S.C. § 106(f) (defining the authority of the
Administrator); 49 U.S.C. § 44701(f) (permitting exemptions from§§ 44701(a), (b) and§§
44702-44716, et seq.). A party requesting an exemption must explain the reasons why the
exemption: (1) would benefit the public as a whole, and (2) would not adversely affect safety (or
how it would provide a level of safety at least equal to the existing rules). See 14 C.F.R. § 11.81
(petitions for exemption).

III. PERFECT VIEW AERIAL MEDIA'S PROPOSED UAS OPERATIONS MEET
         THE REQUIREMENTS OF SECTION 333 OF THE REFORM ACT

         The proposed operations in this petition for exemption qualify for expedited approval
under Section 333 of the Reform Act. Each of the statutory criteria and other relevant factors are
satisfied.

         A. Approval is Warranted Based on the UAS's Size, Weight, Speed, and
                  Operational Capability

         Perfect View will employ the DJI S-1 000 octocopter for its electric infrastructure
inspection operations. This UAS has a maximum take-off weight of24 pounds. The UAS's
flight speed will not exceed 30 miles per hour, and it will not be flown in controlled airspace or
at an altitude that exceeds 400 feet AGL. All flights will be flown in such a way that they can be

1 ld at§ 333(b)(1).
U.S. Department of Transportation
October 14, 2014
Page 5

safely terminated with a reserve battery power of25% maximum charge. The DJI S-1000 does
not carry any flammable propellant or fuel.

         The :011 S-1 000 also has redundant motor capabilities, and the vehicle is still capable of
flight in the event a motor fails unexpectedly. The vehicle is capable of compensating for an
engine loss automatically, and action is not required by the PIC.

         The DJI S-1 000 also has features that can alert the PIC to the possibility of a lost link
before it occurs. Because the video link is at a shorter wavelength than the control links, it is
more susceptible to loss than the control link. Loss of the video signal warns the PIC that action
should be taken to ensure continued control. In the event the control link is lost, the UAS is also
equipped with a failsafe setting that permits the vehicle to return to a preselected home point.

         In the absence of a UAS, many of these inspections would have to be carried out by a
helicopter or by sending someone up to perform the inspection manually. Utility inspections by
helicopter are carried out at speed up to 70 knots, and the risk of a wire strike or other collision is
much greater than with the UAS. See Helicopter Assoc. Int'l, Utilities, Patrol and Construction
Safety Guide for Helicopter Operators at 2-1. Moreover, conducting helicopter inspections at
certain locations, such as substations where several transmission lines converge, carry additional
risks to helicopters. Id. at 3-3. It should also be kept in mind that, due to the low altitude of
power line inspection flights, the ability of a helicopter pilot to successfully conduct an
autorotation in the event of an engine failure may be limited or impossible. Id. at 2-3. For
example, in 2009, the crew of a helicopter and a pedestrian on a sidewalk were killed when a
helicopter conducting a power line inspection suffered an engine failure and could not autorotate
successfully. http://www.tsb.gc.caleng/rappmts-reports/aviation/2008/a08p0125/a08p0 125.pdf.

         Given the small size of the selected UAS and the restricted environment within which
they will operate, this petition for exemption falls within the zone of safety, i.e., an equivalent
level of safety, in which Congress directed the FAA to permit commercial UAS operations by
exemption pending completion of formal rulemaking.

         B. Approval is Warranted Based on the Operational Restrictions Set Forth in
                  the Operations Manual

         The Perfect View Operations Manual and manufacturer's maintenance and flight manuals
contain all of the procedures and limitations necessary to successfully perform inspection of
power infrastructure. To assist the FAA in its safety assessment of Perfect View's operations,
below is a summary of operational limitations and conditions which will ensure an equivalent or
higher level of safety for operations conducted under current regulatory guidelines:
U.S. Department of Transportation
October 14, 2014
Page 6

         1. The UAS will weigh 24 pounds or less.

         2. Flights will be operated within line of sight of a pilot and observer.

         3. Maximum total flight time for each operational flight will be limited to the
                  amount oftime the UAS can be flown and still maintain a reserve battery power
                  of no less than 25%.

         4. Flights will be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet AGL and will not
                  be conducted within navigable airspace.

         5. Flights will be operated at a lateral distance ofleast 200 feet from any inhabited
                  structures, buildings, vehicles or vessels, or from people not associated with the
                  operation who have not given permission in advance of the operation.

         6. Minimum crew for each operation will consist of the UAS Pilot, one or more
                  Visual Observers as necessary to safely conduct the mission, and a Sensor
                  Operator if required.

         7. The Pilot will have a private pilot's license and is required to complete 64 hours of
                  training and instruction prior to any flight in accordance with the training syllabus
                  attached to the Operations Manual.

         8. The observer designated for any operation will be required to complete the
                  training course as set forth in the Operations Manual before performing his duties
                  on any flight.

         9. The UAS will operate in accordance with the safety and operational requirements
                  of the Manual.

         10. Prior to the operation, a Mission Plan will be created setting forth the limitations
                  for the flight as well as contact and hazard information provided by the utility.

         11. A NOTAM will be issued not more than 72 hours in advance of flight, but not
                  less than 48 hours before flight.

         12. Pilot, Visual Observer and Sensor Operator will at all times be able to
                  communicate by voice.

         13. A Certificate of Authorization will be obtained prior to flight.
U.S. Department of Transportation
October 14, 2014
Page 7

         14. All required permissions and permits will be obtained from territorial, state,
                  county or city jurisdictions, including local law enforcement, fire or other
                  appropriate governmental agencies.

         15. The operator will coordinate all flights with the appropriate Flight Standards
                  District Office.

         16. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UAS will have the
                  capability to return to a pre-determined location within the operational area and
                   land.

         17. Contingency plans will be in place to safely terminate flight ifthere is a loss of
                   communication between the pilot and the observer.

         18. The UAS will have the capability to abort a flight in case ofunpredicted
                  obstacles or emergencies.

IV. REGULATIONS FROM WHICH EXEMPTION IS REQUESTED

         The Federal Aviation Act expressly grants the FAA the authority to issue exemptions.
This statutory authority, by its terms, includes exempting civil aircraft, as the term is defined
under§ 40101 of the Act, including UASs, from its safety regulations and minimum standards
when the Administrator decides a requested exemption is in the public interest?

         Petitioner seeks an exemption from several interrelated provisions of 14 C.F.R. Parts 21,
45, 61 and 91 for purposes of conducting the requested operations using a UAS. Listed below
are (1) the specific sections of 14 C.F.R. for which exemption is sought, and (2) the operating
procedures and safeguards that Petitioner has established which will ensure a level of safety
better than or equal to the rules from which exemption is sought.3

2 See 49 U.S.C. § 44701(f) (authorizing the grant of exemptions from requirements of regulations
prescribed pursuant to Sections 44701(a) and (b) and Sections 44702- 44716).
3 See 14 C.F.R. § 11.81(e), which requires a petition for exemption to include:

         The reasons why granting the exemption would not adversely affect safety, or how the
         exemption would provide a level of safety at least equal to that provided by the rule from
         which you seek exemption.
U.S. Department of Transportation
October 14, 2014
Page 8

         A. 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H- Airworthiness Certificates and 14 C.F.R. §
                  91.203(a)(1)

         The FAA has stated that no exemption is needed from this section if a finding is made
under the Reform Act that the UAS selected provides an equivalent level of safety over aircraft
normally used for the same application. These criteria are met, and therefore, no exemption is
needed. See Grant of Exemption to Astraeus Aerial, Docket No. FAA-2014-0352 at 13-14,22.
If, however, the FAA determines that there are some characteristics ofthe chosen UAS that fail
to meet the requirements of the Reform Act, an exemption is requested.

         Equivalent Level of Safety

         The UAS Perfect View will operate is safe taking into account its size, weight, speed, and
operational capability. As set forth in Section II, Supra, the vehicle has a maximum take-off
weight of 24 pounds, will be flown at less than 30 miles per hour and completely outside
controlled airspace.

         Power line inspection is currently carried out using helicopters that can weigh in excess
of6,000 pounds and carry a large load offuel. Given the low altitude, helicopters cannot fly
these missions as safely as a UAS, and there is a history of accidents that have killed not only
flight crews but innocent bystanders on the ground due the inability to successfully autorotate in
the event of an engine failure. 4 Similarly, the damage to critical infrastructure that results from a
helicopter striking a transmission line or substation is far greater than if a small UAS has the
same accident. As a result, national security is enhanced by substituting a UAS for a manned
helicopter.

         In all cases, an analysis ofthese criteria demonstrates that the UAS operated without an
airworthiness certificate, in the restricted environment and under the conditions proposed, will be
at least as safe as, or safer than, a conventional rotorcraft operating with an airworthiness
certificate without the restrictions and conditions of the proposed UAS operations.

         The aircraft itself does not need a means to communicate with other aircraft or ATC,
because those capabilities will be with the pilot and observer who are not onboard. See Grant of
Exemption, Docket FAA-2014-0352 at 13. In addition, no sense and avoid technology is
necessary on the UAS because it will be operated at all times by visual line-of-sight. Id. The
device has onboard capabilities to autonomously handle lost link situations.

4 http://www.t b.gc.caleng/rapports-reports/aviation/2008/a08p0 125/a08p0 125.pdf.
U.S. Department of Transportation
October 14, 2014
Page 9

         B. 14 C.F.R. Part 27 Airworthiness Standards: Normal Category
                   Rotorcraft

         14 C.F.R. Part 27 sets forth the procedural requirements for airworthiness certification of
normal category rotorcraft. To the extent the Petitioner's UAS would otherwise require
certification under Part 27, Petitioner seeks an exemption from Part 27's airworthiness standards
for the same reasons identified in the exemption request from 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H.

         C. 14 C.F.R. §§ 91.9(c), 45.23(b) and 45.27(a): Aircraft Marking and
                   Identification Requirements

         Petitioner seeks an exemption from the aircraft marking and identification requirements
contained in 14 C.F.R. §§ 91.9(c), 45.23(b) and 45.27(a).

         · 14 C.P.R.§ 91.9(c), Civil Aircraft Flight Manual, Marking and Placard requirements,
              provides that:

                  No person may operate a U.S.-registered civil aircraft unless that aircraft is
                   identified in accordance with Part 45 of this chapter.

         · 14 C.F.R. § 45.23(b), Markings ofthe Aircraft, states:

                   When marks include only the Roman capital letter "N" and the registration
                   number is displayed on limited, restricted or light-sport category aircraft or
                   experimental or provisionally certificated aircraft, the operator must also display
                   on that aircraft near each entrance to the cabin, cockpit, or pilot station, in letters
                   not less than 2 inches nor more than 6 inches high, the words "limited,"
                   "restricted," "light-sport, "experimental," or "provisional," as applicable.

         · 14 C.F.R. § 45.27(a), Rotorcraft, states:

                   Each operator of a rotorcraft must display on that rotorcraft horizontally on both
                   surfaces ofthe cabin, fuselage, boom, or tail the marks required by§ 45.23.

         In its previous Grant of Exemption, the FAA determined that exemption from these
requirements was warranted provided that the aircraft "have identification (N-Number) markings
in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C if the markings are as large as practicable." FAA
Docket No. FAA-2014-0352.

         Equivalent Level of Safety

         Perfect View will mark all aircraft with their N-Number in a prominent spot on the
fuselage with markings that are as large as practicable.
U.S. Department of Transportation
October 14, 2014
Page 10

         D. 14 C.F.R. § 91.9(b)(2): Civil Aircraft Flight Manual in the Aircraft and 14
                   C.F.R. § 91.203(a) and (b): Carrying Civil Aircraft Certification and
                   Registration

         Pursuant to 14 C.F.R. § 91.9(b)(2):

         (b) No person may operate a U.S.-registered civil aircraft-

         (2) For which an Airplane or Rotorcraft Flight Manual is not required by§ 21.5 of
                  this chapter, unless there is available in the aircraft a current approved airplane or
                  Rotorcraft Flight Manual, approved manual material, markings and placards, or
                  any combination thereof.

         Pursuant to 14 C.F.R. § 91.203(a) and (b):

         (a) Except as provided in§ 91.715, no person may operate a civil aircraft unless it
                  has within it the following:

                  (1) An appropriate and current airworthiness certificate ...

         (b) No person may operate a civil aircraft unless the airworthiness certificate required
                  by paragraph (a) of this section or a special flight authorization issued under
                   § 91.715 is displayed at the cabin or cockpit entrance so that it is legible to
                  passengers or crew.

         Perfect View does not request an exemption from this section but instead notifies the
FAA that, in accordance with FAA Office of Chief Counsel's Opinion dated August 8, 2014, the
UAS flight manual, registration certificate and other documentation will be kept at the control
station with the PIC during flight. The Chief Counsel's Office has held that for all UAS
operations, this alternate method constitutes full compliance with the regulations.

         E. 14 C.F.R. § 91.7(a): Civil Aircraft Airworthiness

         Petitioner seeks an exemption from 14 C.F.R. § 91.7(a), which requires that a civil
aircraft be in airworthy condition to be operated. The FAA has stated that no exemption is
required to the extent that the requirements of Part 21 are waived or found inapplicable.
Accordingly, Petitioner request that the requirements for Section 91.7 are treated in accordance
with Section V(A), supra.
U.S. Department of Transportation
October 14, 2014
Page 11

         F. 14 C.F.R. § 91.103: Preflight Action

         Petitioner seeks an exemption from 14 C.F.R. § 91.103, which requires a PIC to become
familiar with specific information before each flight, including information contained in the
FAA-approved Flight Manual on board the aircraft. While the PIC will be familiar with all
information necessary to safely conduct the flight, an exemption is requested to the extent that an
FAA-approved Flight manual is required.

         Equivalent Level of Safety

         An equivalent level of safety will be provided by following the Aircraft Operations
Manual and flight manual provided by the manufacturer. The PIC will take all required preflight
actions- including performing all required checklists and reviewing weather, flight battery
requirements, landing and takeoff distance, aircraft performance data, and contingency landing
areas - before initiation of flight. The Aircraft Operations Manual and manufacturer's flight
manual will be kept at the ground station with the operator at all times.

         G. 14 C.F.R. § 91.109(a): Flight Instruction

         Petitioner seeks an exemption from 14 C.F.R. § 91.109(a), which provides that "[n]o
person may operate a civil aircraft (except a manned free balloon) that is being used for flight
instruction unless that aircraft has fully functioning dual controls." UASs and remotely piloted
aircraft, by their design, do not have functional dual controls. Instead, flight control is
accomplished through the use of a device that communicates with the aircraft via radio
communications.

         Equivalent Level of Safety

         Given the size and speed of the UAS, an equivalent level of safe training can still be
performed without dual controls because no pilot or passengers are aboard the UAS, and all
persons will be a safe distance away in the event that the UAS experiences any difficulties during
flight instruction.

         In addition, Petitioner has established a flight training program that will be administered
by a certified flight instructor. That training program includes both classroom instruction as well
as supervised flight training employing the same aircraft that will be used operationally to
conduct power infrastructure inspections. Accordingly, Perfect View's proposed method of
operation provides superior levels of safety.

         H. 14 C.F.R. § 91.119: Minimum Safe Altitudes

         Petitioner requests an exemption from the minimum safe altitude requirements of 14
C.F.R. § 91.119. Section 91.119 prescribes the minimum safe altitudes under which aircraft may
U.S. Department of Transportation
October 14, 2014
Page 12

not operate, including 500 feet above the surface and away from any person, vessel, vehicle, or
structure in non-congested areas. See 14 C.F.R. § 91.119(c). Section 91.119(d) allows for a
helicopter to operate at less than those minimum altitudes when it can be operated "without
hazard to persons or property on the surface," provided that "each person operating the helicopter
complies with any routes or altitudes specifically prescribed for helicopters by the FAA."

         Equivalent Level of Safety

         Compared to flight operations with rotorcraft weighing far more than the maximum UAS
weight proposed herein, and given the lack of flammable fuel, any risk associated with these
operations is far less than those that presently exist with conventional aircraft. An equivalent
level of safety will be achieved given the size, weight, and speed of the UAS, as well as the
location where it is operated. In order to avoid any risk to aircraft, flight operations will be
restricted to 400' AGL or below. As set forth in the Manual, the UAS will be operated in a
restricted area, away from persons or structures not involved in the operation.

         I. 14 C.F.R. § 91.121: Altimeter Settings

         This petition seeks an exemption from 14 C.P.R.§ 91.121, which requires a person
operating an aircraft to maintain cruising altitude or flight level by reference to an altimeter that
is set to the elevation of the departure airport or barometric pressure. An exemption is required
to the extent that the UAS does not have a barometric altimeter, but rather a GPS altitude read
out.

         Equivalent Level ofSafety

         The FAA has stated that an equivalent level of safety can be achieved ifthe UAS will be
operated at 400' or below and within visual line-of-sight in addition to GPS based altitude
information relayed in real time to the operator. See Grant of Exemption to Astraeus Aerial,
Docket No. FAA-2014-0352. As the attached Operations Manual indicates, the chosen UAS
meets these requirements, and a zero altitude initiation point will be obtained prior to flight.

         J. 14 C.F.R. § 91.151(a): Fuel Requirements for Flight in VFR
                  Conditions

         Petitioner requests an exemption from 14 C.P.R.§ 91.151(a)'s fuel requirements for flight
in VFR conditions. Section 91.151 states:

         (a) No person may begin a flight in an airplane under VFR conditions unless
                   (considering wind and forecast weather conditions) there is enough fuel to fly to
                   the first point of intended landing and, assuming normal cruising speed -

                   (1) During the day, to fly after that for at least 30 minutes; or
U.S. Department of Transportation
October 14, 2014
Page 13

                   (2) At night, to fly after that for at least 45 minutes.

         Here, the technological limitations on UAS battery power means that no meaningful
flight operations can be conducted while still maintaining a 30 minute reserve. Perfect View
proposes that all flights comply with this requirement by mandating that the aircraft be safely
landed with no less than 25% of battery life remaining.

         Equivalent Level of Safety

         The FAA has stated that an equivalent level of safety is provided ifthe UAS flight is
terminated with at least 25% reserve battery power still available. See Grant of Exemption to
Astraeus Aerial, Docket No. FAA-2014-0352. The Operations Manual conforms to this limit,
providing an equivalent level of safety.

         K. 14 C.F.R. § 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(l), 91.409(a)(2); 91.417(a) and (b):
                   Maintenance Inspections

         Petitioner seeks an exemption from the maintenance inspection requirements contained in
14 C.F.R. § 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(l), 91.409(a)(2); 91.417(a) and (b). These regulations specify
maintenance and inspection standards in reference to 14 C.F.R. Part 43. See, e.g., 14 C.F.R. §
91.405(a) (stating that each owner or operator of an aircraft "[s]hall have the aircraft inspected as
prescribed in subpart E of this part and shall between required inspections ...have discrepancies
repaired as prescribed in part 43 of this chapter"). An exemption to these regulations is needed
because Part 43 and these sections only apply to aircraft with an airworthiness certificate, which
the UAS will not have.

         Equivalent Level of Safety

         An equivalent level of safety will be achieved because maintenance and inspections will
be performed in accordance with the UAS Manufacturer's Manual, as referenced in the
Operations Manual. As provided in the Operat ons Manual, flights will not be conducted unless
a flight operations checklist is performed that includes all of the aircraft's components. The
Operations Manual also sets requirements for maintenance log books and record keeping as well
as routine and post-flight maintenance. The Manual sets requirements for both annual
maintenance and preventative maintenance based on hours of flight.

         L. 14 CFR § 61.113: Private Pilot Privileges And Limitations

         Petitioner seeks exemption from 14 CFR § 61.113, which restricts private pilot certificate
holders from flying aircraft for compensation or hire, and would also require a second class
medical certificate. The purpose of Part 61 is to ensure the skill and competency of any PIC
matches the airspace in which the PIC will be operating, as well as requiring certifications if the
private pilot as carrying passengers or cargo for hire. In this case, while the UAS will be
U.S. Department of Transportation
October 14, 2014
Page 14

operated as part of a commercial operation, it carries neither passengers nor cargo. In the Grant
of Exemption in FAA Docket No. FAA-2014-0352, the FAA determined that the unique
characteristics ofUAS operation outside of controlled airspace did not warrant the addition cost
and restrictions attendant with requiring a the PIC to have a commercial pilot certificate and
class II medical certificate.

         Perfect View will employ licensed private pilots as PIC for their operation. The
restrictions Perfect View has placed on its UAS operations meet or exceed the restrictions
similarly imposed on Astraeus Aerial in FAA Docket No. FAA-2014-0352. Perfect View will
operate in a sterile area way from persons and property not involved in the inspection. It will be
flown based on VLOS and below 400' AGL. A NOTAM will be issued between 48 and 72 hours
before the flight is to occur, and the flight will be coordinated with the applicable FSDO.

         Equivalent Level of Safety

         In addition to these flight restrictions, Perfect View will further ensure safe operation by
requiring that any PIC be thoroughly versed not only in airspace and communication issues
pertaining to all aircraft operators but also in the unique aspects ofUAS flight. Accordingly, as
set forth in the Operations Manual, Perfect View has created specific training programs for both
pilots and observers to meet this need. The course syllabus is attached to the Operations Manual.
All training will be provided by an FAA-certified Flight Instructor. Petitioner believes that this
system will provide a higher level of competency and proficiency for its pilots than simply
permitting those with either a private pilot license to act as PIC by default. In addition, all
observers and PIC will have a class III medical certificate.

V. DRUG AND ALCOHOL PROGRAM

         As set forth in the Manual, Perfect View is committed to a drug-free work place and the
right of the flying public it serves to safe and efficient air transportation. All employees of
Perfect View who perform safety sensitive and/or security related functions are prohibited from
performing work if they have alcohol or a prohibited drug in their system.

VI. PUBLIC INTEREST

         Granting Perfect View's exemption request furthers the public interest. National policy
set by Congress favors early integration ofUAS into the NAS in controlled, safe working
environments such as those proposed in this petition. In addition, maintaining industrial safety
has been a priority of state and local governments for decades. By their nature, each of the
proposed uses of a UAS offer superior safety to performing the same tasks with conventional
aircraft or rotorcraft.

         In addition, the public also has an interest in reducing the hazards and emissions
associated with alternate use of helicopters to conduct similar inspection operations. The UAS in
                   U.S. Department of Transportation
                   October 14, 2014
                   Page 15

                   question is very light weight and does not carry any flammable fuel, further reducing the risk
                   from any potential accident.

                   VII. PRIVACY

                             All flights will be conducted in accordance with any federal, state or local laws regarding
                   pnvacy.

                   VIII. FEDERAL REGISTER SUMMARY

                            Pursuant to 14 C;F.R. Part 11, the following summary is provided for publication in the
                   Federal Register, should it be determined that publication is needed:

                             Perfect View seeks an exemption from the following rules:

                             14 CFR Part 21, Subpart H; 14 CFR Part 27; 14 CFR 45.23(b); 14 CFR § 61.113; 14
                   CFR 91.7(a); 14 CFR 91.9(b)(2); 14 CFR 91.103; 14 CFR 91.109(a); 14 CFR 91.119; 14 CFR
                   91.121; 14 CFR 91.151(a); 14 CFR 91.203 (a) & (b); 14 CFR 91.405(a); 14 CFR 91.407(a)(1);
                   14 CFR 91.409(a)(2); 14 CFR 91.417 (a) & (b).

                            Approval of these exemptions will allow Perfect View to offer thermal and photographic
                   inspection of power infrastructure, including power lines and substations. The exemptions will
                   enhance safety by reducing risk to the general public and property owners from the substantial
                   hazards associated with performing equivalent work with conventional rotorcraft.

                   IX. CONCLUSION

                             Satisfaction of the criteria provided in Section 333 of the Reform Act of2012-size,
                   weight, speed, operating capabilities, proximity to airports and populated areas, operation within
                   visual line of sight, and national security-provides more than adequate justification for the grant
                   of the requested exemptions to permit Perfect View to operate the selected UAS and provide
                   inspection services for power infrastructure.

                             Granting the requested exemption will benefit the public interest as a whole in many
                   ways, including (1) significantly improving safety and reducing risk by alleviating human
.· exposure to danger, and (2) improving the quality of services and decreasing operating costs
                   compared with conventional flight operations.

                            If you have any questions or require any additional information, please do not hesitate to
                   call.
U.S. Deprutment ofTranspottation
October 14, 20 14
Page 16

                                  I t:::.:.:LDRIDGE,LLP

Attachments: PVAM Operations Manual (submitted as a Confidential Document under 14
C.F.R. § 11.35(b) and exempt from disclosure under the Freedom of Information Act, 5 U.S.C.
§ 552 et seq., and any other requirements established by the FAA pursuant to Section 333 of the
Reform Act).
