July 20, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12090
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­0566

Mr. Brian Zamudio
Director of Operations
Persistence Mining Inc.
5666 La Jolla Boulevard Unit 314
La Jolla, CA 92037

Dear Mr. Zamudio:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated March 3, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of Persistence Mining Inc. (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption. The
exemption would allow the petitioner to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to
conduct aerial mining and geological surveys.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is an ARMDS.

In accordance with the statutory criteria provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in
reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited
operating area associated with the aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation
                                                                                                                 2

has determined that this aircraft meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA
finds that relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts,
Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing
requirements of part 36, is not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

· They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

· The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

· A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Persistence Mining Inc.is granted an exemption from
14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c),
91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to
the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Persistence Mining Inc.is hereafter referred to as the operator.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                                                 3

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the ARMDS when
         weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any other
         aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
         must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
         documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
         Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
         limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
         the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
         Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
         documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
         operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
                                                                                                            4

    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    Government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
                                                                                                            5

    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least 5 minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.
                                                                                                               6

   23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
       any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
       PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
       These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
       official upon request.

   24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
       activities at all times.

   25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

   26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
       persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
          a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
             from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
             that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
             where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
             the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
             of nonparticipating persons; and
          b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
             for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
             the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
             present an undue hazard.

       The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
       nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

   27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
       permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
       Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
       obtained for each flight to be conducted.

   28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
       boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
       to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
       reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
       contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

   29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
       as documented in this grant of exemption.
                                                                                                                 7

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                    8

This exemption terminates on July 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.
Sincerely,
/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
Persistence Mining Inc.     ARMDS Flight Manual

UAS FAR 333 Exemption Package

                    Rotor Small Unmanned Air Vehicle Geological Mapping project in
                                    Nevada, New Mexico, Utah and California

Prepared by: Brian Zamudio
Director, Persistence Mining Inc.
Date: March 3, 2015

                         1
Persistence Mining Inc.                  ARMDS Flight Manual

TABLE OF CONTENTS

MISSION                                                       3
VEHICLE DESCRIPTION: Aerial Remote Mineral Detection System   3

   (ARMDS)                                                    6
COMMAND AND CONTROL SYSTEMS                                   8
EMERGENCY PROCEDURES AND SYSTEM FAILURES                      8
SECURITY                                                      8
OPERATIONS                                                    9
SAFETY                                                        10
MISSION PARAMETERS                                            11
PRE-FLIGHT                                                    12
LAUNCH                                                        12
RECOVERY                                                      12
POST-MISSION REPORTING                                        13
EMERGENCY MANAGEMENT

EXHIBIT A - EXEMPTION / WAIVER REQUESTS                       14

                         2
Persistence Mining Inc.  ARMDS Flight Manual

1. Mission

          1.1. Objective: To successfully complete areal mining and geological surveys using an
                 unmanned aircraft equipped with spectral imaging sensors or LIDAR.

          1.2. Description: Persistence Mining Inc.in full cooperation with the New Mexico Institute of
                 Mining and Technology and the New Mexico Bureau of Geology, will use a small unmanned
                 aircraft systems to perform geological surveys. Persistence Mining will perform surveys with
                 qualified manufacturer trained personnel who have current commercial pilot certificates. The
                 remote locations of these inspections, primarily mining site, outside of inhabited areas and
                 cities, in geologically important areas creates an ideal use for a remote unmanned aerial
                 surveys such technology. By conducting these inspections in adherence with all Federal
                 Aviation Regulations that are applicable to a small unmanned systems, our team hopes to
                 produce a real world example of how UAV's can increase knowledge, productivity and
                 generate beneficial data to help in both geological research for education, safety, and
                 commercial industries.

2. Vehicle Description: ARMDS

          2.1. CIT Engineering Overview: CIT Engineering, Inc. is a California based company located in
                 Carlsbad; CA. CIT is focused on providing unmanned aerial system and robots for specific
                 client needs.

          2.2. CIT Engineering has built a drone for Persistence Mining Inc. as an amateur aircraft.
          2.3. ARMDS Overview:
          2.4. Map remote communities in mining areas in North America, keep our highways clear and

                 safe; and provide volumetric analysis for open pit mines.
          2.5. The ARMDS can carry payloads up to 9 Kg (20 lbs.). The ARMDS flies with a maximum

                 wind threshold of 21 NM for sustained winds and wind gusts up to 35 NM. What is unique
                 about the ARMDS is that the system automatically compensates for wind versus relying on
                 the operator's `sense of feel' for what the impact of the wind is at the altitude the system is
                 flying. The end result is a system capable of gathering high quality aerial intelligence at
                 much higher wind thresholds.

                                                               3
Persistence Mining Inc.  ARMDS Flight Manual

2.6. The ARMDS has an operational range of up to 21 NM (25 Miles). All flight operations are
      GPS controlled making the system extremely easy to navigate. At any point if the operator is
      not explicitly commanding the system to move, the system automatically holds its GPS
      position (i.e. GPS hold for reliable location hover). Camera positioning is also GPS controlled
      allowing for the most sophisticated camera targeting available. The flight control system
      employs not only GPS positioning but a variety of sensors including sonar, barometric
      pressure, temperature, wind speed and others to ensure the most stability of any system in
      its class-regardless of the wind.

2.7. The ARMDS can be operated in both semi and fully automatic flight modes. Creating
      preplanned gridline flight paths to fly in autonomous mode is as simple as clicking on the
      map to create a preplanned flight plan. In semi-autonomous mode, the operator clicks on the
      map and the ARMDS automatically flies to the point on the map where the operator is
      pointing. Pre-mission waypoints, Landing zone points and flight area dimensions can all be
      entered during preflight ensuring the ARMDS operates solely within specified parameters

2.8. The ARMDS includes many advanced safety features that make it safe near roadways and
      in urban and rural areas. Built-in intelligent fault handling allows the ARMDS to detect a
      system fault while in the air, and to automatically fly back to its take-off location and land.
      Faults which can be detected by internal sensors include: loss of communication RFP:
      Unmanned Aircraft Vehicle (UAV) for "at height" Inspection to the command station;
      exceeding pre-set wind thresholds exceeded; and low battery levels. In addition, the
      operator can create no fly zones or maximum flight ranges and altitudes so the system
      cannot enter areas deemed unsafe, populated or unnecessary exploration. Automated flight
      checks ensure the system is operating at peak performance prior to take off.

2.9. The ARMDS can be operated entirely by a touch-screen and a GPS map based interface.
      Translated: the operator only needs to program the system where to go, the specific
      dimensions of the gridlines and then system automatically plots the course within the
      parameters to gather necessary research data. Maps can be saved and flight plans can be
      made or recalled with no internet connection required.

                                                     4
Persistence Mining Inc.  ARMDS Flight Manual

2.10. ARMDS Operating Handbook - System User Guide is carried with the UAV in a carrying
          case for easy reference.

2.11. Physical Characteristics
          2.11.1. 82" length, 20" height
          2.11.2. Measurements ­ Wingspan of 7.5 ft.
          2.11.3. Weight (without payload) ­ 25 lbs.(11.3 KG)
          2.11.4. Fuel ­ 2gallon - 2-stroke gasoline
          2.11.5. Landing style/type ­ Autonomous vertical lift

2.12. Propulsion System
          2.12.1. Engines ­ The ARMDS is powered by Bergen/Zenoah 52cc 2-stroke
          2.12.2. Batteries- 2-cell lithium polymer 5000mAh

2.13. Performance Characteristics
          2.13.1. Performance Charts - Available upon request
          2.13.2. Maximum Altitude ­ 40 ft. AGL
          2.13.3. Maximum Endurance ­ 6-8 Hours
          2.13.4. Maximum Range ­21 NM (25 miles)

2.14. Weather
                     2.14.1.1.Winds Maximum ­ 21 NM (25 MPH sustained), 35NMH (40 MPH) gusts
                     2.14.1.2.Minimum ceiling: 1
                     2.14.1.3.Maximum ceiling 400 feet
                     2.14.1.4.Minimum visibility: 3 SM
                     2.14.1.5.Icing conditions ­ no icing conditions
                     2.14.1.6. Precipitation ­ no visible moisture
                     2.14.1.7.Operating temperature-: -22°F - 122°F

2.15. Maintenance Requirements: the UAV is nearly maintenance free, it performs automatic
          pre-flight checks and the failure of any check will prevent take-off. Checks which cannot
          be done by the system will be performed by a qualified person prior to each flight.

                                                     5
Persistence Mining Inc.  ARMDS Flight Manual

                     2.14.1 Pre-flight checklist includes:
                                2.14.1.1 Visual inspection of the airframe
                                2.14.1.2 Visual inspections of rotor integrity
                                2.14.1.3 Check charge of all batteries (aerial vehicle, command station, radio
                                             repeater station)

          2.15 Reliability: The system is designed for maximum reliability to maintain performance over
                     its life. The only components experience routine wear are rotors, batteries, motors, and
                     legs. Battery and motor conditions are monitored by the system with deviations reported
                     to the operator.
                     2.15.1 Contact with other objects during flight may cause other components, particularly
                                rotors, and motor arms, to become damaged. Damaged components are likely to
                                be detected during the full visual inspection of the airframe performed before
                                each flight. Structural damage affecting flight characteristics will be detected by
                                on-board sensors.
                     2.15.2 The UAV system detects numerous conditions which may make flying unsafe,
                                such as reduced GPS accuracy, magnetic anomalies, low battery charge, battery
                                cell imbalances, and temperature fluctuations. Automatic pre-flight checks
                                prevent the UAV from taking off if such conditions are present; or, if the condition
                                is detected during flight, the system will trigger a Fatal Conditioned Response.

          2.16. Fault Tolerance: The key feature of the UAV fault tolerance is its mechanical simplicity. It
                     uses. Any component failure detectable by the system will be reported to the control
                     station and will cause the UAV to perform a Fatal Condition Response (FCR) or Non-
                     Fatal Conditioned Response (NFCR), depending on the type of failure.

3. Command and Control Systems

          3.1. The ARMDS Ground Controls allow the operator to control the aircraft and its payload
                     sensors. The touch screen control allows for quick navigation and data entry while the

                                                               6
Persistence Mining Inc.  ARMDS Flight Manual

          display screen provides all essential flight data to the operator. Telemetry data is
          transmitted to the command station at a minimum rate of once per second.
3.2. Displayed on GCS:
          3.2.1. UAV Position
          3.2.2. Navigation Route
          3.2.3. UAV Tail Number
          3.2.4. UAV Position
          3.2.5. UAV Altitude
          3.2.6. UAV Heading
          3.2.7. North Seeking Arrow
          3.2.8. Range to Target
          3.2.9. Calculated target position
          3.2.10. Date/time
          3.2.11. Sensor heading and orientation relative to UAV
3.3. On-board Flight Instruments
          3.3.1. The UAV is equipped with an Inertial Navigation System (3-axis gyroscope, 3-

                     axis magnetometer, GPS receiver, and static pressure sensor) and a sonar
                     sensor for precision AGL altitude measurement.
3.4. On­board computer systems
          3.4.1. The UAV is equipped on-board computer systems to monitor (sensors, battery,
                     etc.), control (speeds, altitude, position, etc.), and communicate (control,
                     telemetry, etc.).
3.5. On-board guidance and navigation equipment
          3.5.1. The UAV can operate autonomously; it does not require any input from ground-
                     based equipment after it`s preflight programming.
3.6. Frequency Allocations- 915 MHz, 2.4 GHz, 5.8 GHz
3.7. Flight termination link

                                                     7
Persistence Mining Inc.  ARMDS Flight Manual

                     3.7.1. To prevent a "fly away" or other potentially dangerous situation a flight
                                termination link is available to the operator from the ground control system.

          3.8. Takeoff and Landing ­ The ARMDS has vertical lift autonomous launch and recovery. A
                 Landing Zone "LZ" is designated by the operators and identified in the GCS software. For
                 launch procedures the aircraft will takeoff and hover 3 meters directly above the LZ and hold
                 until further operator instruction is given. The aircraft will automatically adjust for wind during
                 this period.

          3.9. Navigation System
                     3.9.1. Specific maps can be downloaded to the display screen (such as air sectional
                                and geographic maps) which is overlaid with GPS positional data. Waypoints can
                                be created before and during flight operation creating specific locations and
                                sequences for the aircraft

          3.10. Redundant Systems
                     3.10.1. The UAV combines the input from a multitude of sensors. Even though the data
                                from all sensors is required for optimal system performance, a single sensor
                                malfunction is likely to result in degraded performance rather than leading to a
                                catastrophic failure.

4. Emergency Procedures and System Failures

          4.1. Failure Handling ­ The UAV has extensive failure detection and handling capabilities. All
                     failures are deeded to be either fatal or non-fatal. Failures classified as fatal result in a
                     Fatal Condition Response (FCR); and failures classified as non-fatal result in a Non-Fatal
                     Condition Response (NFCR).

          4.2. Sensor Failure ­ Failure of on-board flight instruments/sensors will degrade the UAS
                     performance and will result in either a FCR or a NFCR, depending on their severity. If the
                     UAV becomes unstable due to sensor failure, it will stop all four motors and free fall to
                     avoid a fly away condition.

                                                               8
Persistence Mining Inc.  ARMDS Flight Manual

          4.3. Motor Failure ­ The UAV flight performance will degrade significantly if one or more
                     motors fail.

          4.4. Airframe Failure ­ If airframe is damaged in ways that impacts flight characteristics, the
                     UAV will behave similar to if an on-board flight instrument failed.

          4.5. Navigation System Failure ­ In a navigation system failure, degraded GPS will result in
                     FCR or NFCR`s depending on failures.

          4.6. Power Failure ­ A complete battery failure which results in power loss to the UAV will
                     result in degraded flight performance.

          4.7. Low Battery Condition ­ Operator will be alerted of a low battery condition and will land
                     the aircraft as soon as able.

          4.8 Low Battery Condition ­ Operator will be alerted of a low battery condition and will land
                     the aircraft as soon as able.

          4.9. Line-of-Sight Loss ­ All flight operations will be conducted with the UAV within visual
                     sight of a spotter. If the spotters view becomes obstructed and line-of-sight is lost, the
                     pilot may instruct the UAV to hover in place until line-of-sight is reestablished, to return to
                     the take-off position, or to land at the current position.

5. Security

          5.1. The system and communication links are encrypted by the manufacturer's proprietary
                     software.

6. Operations

          6.1. Crew Requirements ­ Persistence Mining Inc. has named two operators to this inspection
                     program. Both are commercially rated pilots and have years of experience in multiple
                     unmanned systems. Operators will be flight current for both manned and unmanned
                     standards and as well hold a current Class II FAA Medical Certificate along with
                     appropriate flight currency.

          6.2. Operator roles:
                     6.2.1 Operator/Pilot in Command (PIC) ­ For each operation a PIC will be designated,
                                this person will be directly responsible for the operation of the UAS and the

                                                               9
Persistence Mining Inc.  ARMDS Flight Manual

                                safety of the operation. It will be the responsibility of the PIC to ensure the
                                operation complies with applicable regulations and/or ensures professional "best
                                practice" to all applicable regulations.
                     6.2.2 Spotter/back-up Pilot ­ The Spotter will be responsible to visually maintain
                                contact with the UAV while scanning the area for undetected aircraft or
                                obstacles. The Observer will also handle the communications between the PIC,
                                external crew, air safety officer and the platform safety officer. The observer will
                                also be a certified and a current system operator and will assume control of the
                                UAS should the PIC become incapacitated.
                     6.2.3 Operator profiles:
                                6.2.3.1 Maintenance: Operators will hold appropriate maintenance certification

                                           for the system provided by the UAV servicer and/or manufacturer.

7. Safety

          7.1. Safety is priority for every mission. The location and details of the task demand the safe
                     operations. Several layers of safety management will be implemented for this operation:

          7.2. All flight operations must meet standards written in the Pre-mission operations plans and
                     risk matrixes will be reviewed prior to any operation. During operations, Safety Officer(s)
                     will be present along with Persistence Mining personnel who all have "stop work
                     authority" over the operation.

          7.3. FAR & ICAO Regulations. This operation will conduct under all applicable FAA and ICAO
                     regulations. While the location and scope of this operation provides exemption from many
                     of the regulations, Persistence Mining Inc. Persistence will ensure operations fall under
                     "best practice" of all appropriate regulations.

          7.4. Persistence Mining Standard Operating Procedures.
                     7.4.1 Persistence Mining Operators will maintain internal company safety practices at
                                all times. These internal regulations are in addition to all applicable FAR, ICAO
                                standards.

                                                              10
Persistence Mining Inc.  ARMDS Flight Manual

          7.5. Stop Work Authority. Any Persistence Mining personnel can, at any time, halt an
                     operation in the name of safety without retribution or concern for their jobs.

          7.6. Operating Standards ­ To assure safe operation within close proximity to roads or
                     possibly inhabited areas the ARMDS will be operated in autonomous mode at all times.
                     Manual operation is only permitted in the case of an emergency procedure as stated in
                     the aircraft operational procedures manual.
                     7.6.1 Safe Operating Standards
                                7.6.1.1 Efforts will be in place to ensure that an emergency free fall to the ground
                                           will not result to damage or injury to persons or property.
                                7.6.1.2 The PIC shall be designated for every flight and operations members
                                           must comply with PIC instructions or any person whom the PIC has
                                           authorized to act on behalf of the PIC.
                                7.6.1.3 Operations will not occur beyond visual line-of-sight (VLOS) and will be
                                           within the inspection region of the platform.
                                7.6.1.4 The UAV will follow the same right-of-way rules as any manned glider,
                                           airplane or helicopter. Since the UAV will be operating within VLOS they
                                           shall give way to manned aircraft at all times.
                                7.6.1.5 The operation will take place only under visual flight conditions and all
                                           applicable visual flight rules will be followed.

          7.7 Site Survey ­ An on location site survey will be conducted by assigned operators prior to
                     any operation. Site surveys will be coordinated with all interested parties prior to flight
                     inspection.
                     7.7.1 Locations of hazards
                     7.7.2 Location of Launch/Recovery site
                     7.7.3 Location of forward observers

8. Mission Parameters

          8.1. Dimensions ­ Persistence Mining operators will act inside the surveyed flight Inspection
                     area. These parameters will be programmed prior to any survey and in accordance with

                                                              11
Persistence Mining Inc.  ARMDS Flight Manual

                     specific needs of the survey area and needs of the client. This will create a digital flight
                     box for the UAS and a grid system where we can identify the location of the UAS at all
                     times.
          8.2 Example
          8.3 Operating Altitude ­ The UAS will operate at or below 400 ft. AGL at all times.
          8.4 Lateral Distance ­ The UAS will stay within 2 miles laterally of the pilot at all times.
          8.5 Air Traffic De-confliction ­ There is a very small volume of air traffic in the survey regions
                     due to the remote locations. All air traffic in the area is almost completely limited to
                     helicopter traffic coming to and from the production platform. These helicopter flights are
                     scheduled and in constant communication with platform air traffic officer. Inspections will
                     occur in "dead" periods in- between scheduled arrivals and departures. Operators will
                     have aviation band radios with communications to the air officer at all times.
          8.6 Emergency return-to-base ­ The system will be pre-programmed with an emergency
                     return-to home waypoint. Should notice be given by an observer or air traffic officer the
                     system will at all times be able to return to land within a five minute period.
          8.7 Observers ­ The back-up PIC will act as the observer and be in communication with the
                     safety personnel and flight officer /pilot, as well as aviation frequencies for the platform.
          8.8 Communication ­ The operating personnel will have direct communication links to the
                     observers, safety personnel and monitoring geologists. The safety personnel will handle
                     the communications for the flight operations team. The flight officer/pilot will have an
                     aviation band radio to communicate with any traffic in the area.

9. Pre-Flight

          9.1 Flight Operations Area ­ Prior to starting operations, the flight team will set up equipment
                     in a fight controls in a stationary area with a distance from the take-off pad of a minimum
                     of 20 meters insuring safety.

          9.2 Ground Control System is operational
          9.3 Launch/Recovery zone is free and clear of debris
          9.4 Launch/Recovery zone is clearly marked for safety

                                                              12
Persistence Mining Inc.  ARMDS Flight Manual

          9.5 Weather report within 30minutes
          9.6 Airspace dimensions loaded into computer
          9.7 Telemetry playback ready
          9.8 All operations personnel are briefed to the particulars of the Flight Operations Area

                     ensuring a solitary flight environment for operators
          9.9 Weather minimum for operation ­ Per best practice standards, operations will take place

                     in VFR conditions; no instrument flight is authorized at any time.
          9.10 Pre-Flight Checks ­ Checklists will be used at all times without exceptions

10. Launch

          10.1 Launch operation will take place at pre-determined LZ. The LZ will be clearly marked as
                     such to ensure safety with ground personnel.
                     10.1.1 Authority to Launch ­ The system cannot be launched without:
                     10.1.2 Approval from Persistence safety officer
                     10.1.3 Approval from Observer
                     10.1.4 After the PIC has received clearance from these sources the PIC will have
                                authority to proceed with the operation.

11. Recovery

          11.1 Recovery operation will take place at pre-determined LZ. The LZ will be clearly marked as
                     such to ensure safety with ground personnel.

          11.2 Authority to Recover ­ The system cannot be recovered until it is safe to do so as
                     determined by the Persistence Mining personnel on duty.

          11.3 Communication ­ After recovery operation is complete operators will inform air traffic
                     officer and safety officers that the vehicle is safe on deck. Any notification to the airspace
                     control/change of status to any flight plans will be report at this time.

12. Post-mission reporting

          12.1 After each operation personnel will create a report summarizing details and telemetry of
                     the flight. These reports will be made available to FAA personnel upon request and will
                     include:

                                                              13
Persistence Mining Inc.  ARMDS Flight Manual

          12.2 Launch time
          12.3 Recovery time
          12.4 Mission duration
          12.5 Weather at launch

                     12.5.1. Ceilings
                     12.5.2 Winds
                     12.5.3 Temperature
          12.6 Payload used
          12.7. Battery used
          12.8 Operators
          12.9 Mission summary

13. Emergency Management

          13.1 Emergencies will be handled in accordance with Shell Platform Emergency Procedures
          13.2 Emergency Contact Information

                     13.2.1 Persistence Mining Operations Team ­ TBA
                     13.2.2 Local Fire and Medical Dept. ­ TBA
          13.3 Safety Equipment at Operations Site
                     13.3.1 First Aid Kit
                     13.3.2 Fire Extinguisher
          13.4 Procedure in Event of Incident/Accident
                     13.4.1 The PIC will take command of the situation until resolved
                     13.4.2 The PIC will contact the proper emergency services if required
                     13.4.3 The UAV will return to land as soon as safely possible.
                     13.4.4 The operations team will ensure spectators will remain clear of operations area.
                     13.4.5 The operations team will shut down all operations gear as required:

                                13.4.5.1There is no equipment on the ground station that needs to be urgently
                                           shut down.

                                                              14
Persistence Mining Inc.      ARMDS Flight Manual

          13.4.5.2 The UAV power should be disconnected as soon as practical, however
                     other actions in this list should be done by level of importance as the
                     situation deems.

13.4.6 First Aid will be administered if and as required.
13.4.7 Firefighting will be performed only if it can be safely performed given the

          equipment available and ability of the personnel or in the event of a life
          threatening situation. Otherwise firefighting shall wait for proper emergency
          services. Fire is considered highly unlikely given the size of the UAV and the use
          of electric motors.

                         15
         Persistence Mining Inc.                           ARMDS Flight Manual

EXHIBIT A - EXEMPTION / WAIVER REQUESTS

Regulations Waiver Request and Procedures for ARMDS

Regulation Title and Description                           Safety Equivalent

Note:    For exemptions that do not apply as the Best practices will be applied under ICOA

         operation is outside the US no waiver or rules when applicable

         exemption is needed per CFR 91.101

91.1(b)(2) Civil aircraft manual, carried on aircraft Manual will be carried by operator(s) on

                                                           ground at control station.

91.9(c)  Civil aircraft marking in accordance with Unmanned system will be marked with serial

         FAR 45                                            number and non-government marking

91.103(b)(1) Preflight action, use of takeoff and          Requires 10 meters by 10 meter platform

         landing distance data

91.103(b)(2) Preflight action, use of performance data Flight manual will be maintained by PIC on the

         if no flight manual is required                   ground and performance data will be will be

                                                           analyzed to enhance future performance

91.105(a)(2) Flight crewmembers at stations, seat          There are no seatbelts because there are no

         belt fastened                                     passengers or on board pilots

91.109(a) Flight instruction, dual controls required       Flight control are on a ground station and will
91.203(a)(1) Civil aircraft: certifications required       be operated by a certified pilot with a spotter
                                                           verifying control

                                                           Appropriate documentation will be available

         airworthiness certificate on board                with operations crew on site.

91.203(a)(2) Civil aircraft: certifications required,      Appropriate documentation will be available

         registration certificate on board                 with operations crew on site.

91.207(a)(2) Emergency locator transmitters,               No ELT is available for an unmanned system

         attached to the airplane                          this size. All operation will be conducted within

                                                           line of sight to operators to ensure no loss of

                                                       16
Persistence Mining Inc.                            ARMDS Flight Manual

                                                   visual contact

91.211(a) Supplemental oxygen for flight crew      Not Applicable

91.405(a) Maintenance required, inspection of      All maintenance of unmanned system will be

aircraft                                           conducted as specified by the manufacturer.

                                                   Maintenance will be documented on flight

                                                   manual which will be in possession of

                                                   operators at all times.

91.405(b) Maintenance required, documentation All maintenance of unmanned system will be

and return to service                              conducted as specified by the manufacturer.

                                                   Maintenance will be documented on flight

                                                   manual which will be in possession of

                                                   operators at all times.

91.407(a)(1) Operation after maintenance, return to All maintenance of unmanned system will be

service by appropriate person                      conducted as specified by the manufacturer.

                                                   Maintenance will be documented on flight

                                                   manual which will be in possession of

                                                   operators at all times.

91.409(a)(1) Inspections, annual, within preceding 12 No flight instruction for hire will be performed

months

91.409(b) Inspections, 100 hour, if flight instruction All maintenance of unmanned system will be

for hire is provided                               conducted as specified by the manufacturer.

                                                   Maintenance will be documented on flight

                                                   manual which will be in possession of

                                                   operators at all times.

91.417(a) Maintenance records to be maintained All maintenance of unmanned system will be

by owner or operator                               conducted as specified by the manufacturer.

                                               17
Persistence Mining Inc.           ARMDS Flight Manual

                             Maintenance will be documented on flight
                             manual which will be in possession of
                             operators at all times.

                         18
           Persistence Mining Inc.      ARMDS Flight Manual

FAR 91 REGULATIONS WHICH MAY                                              Safety Equivalent

           REQUIRE WAIVER

NOTE: SUBPART Administrator may issue a certificate of waiver

J Waivers  authorizing the operation of aircraft in deviation
           from any rule listed in this subpart if the

           administrator finds that the proposed operation

           can be safely conducted under the terms of the

           certificate of waiver.

           61.113                                                         We will be using a private pilot for most
                                                                          surveying however an exemption is
                      Private pilot privileges and limitations: Pilot in  requested for testing periods when an
                      command                                             engineer from our staff will be needed to
           91.107 Use of Safety Belts                                     make necessary adjustments. All flights will
           91.111 Operating near other aircraft                           be incidental to Persistence Mining Inc.'s
                                                                          business; and will not carry passengers or
           91.113                                                         property for compensation or hire.
                      Right -of-way rules: Except Water operations        Aircraft does not carry any passengers or a
                                                                          pilot
           91.115                                                         ARMDS will be operated below commercial
                      Right -of-way rules: Water operations               airspace in remote areas more than 5 NM
                                                                          from all commercial airfields
           91.117 Aircraft Speed                                          Flight plans will be registered prior to flights
           91.119                                                         and will be below standard flight levels and
                                                                          a maximum of 400 feet AGL
                      Minimum safe altitudes: General.                    Flight plans will be registered prior to flights
                                                                          and will be below standard flight levels and
                      Compliance with ATC clearances and                  a maximum of 40 feet above the ground
                      instructions                                        Air speeds will be at a rate lower than 50
           91.121                                                         MPH
                                                                          All flights will be between 50 ft. and 400 ft.
                                                                          AGL with an average of 100 feet AGL,
                                                                          except during take-off and landing
                                                                          IRF clearance will not need to be granted by
                                                                          a tower due to the remote location of the
                                                                          launch sites away from conventional
                                                                          airfields. There is no station within the area
                                                                          prescribed in this section, the current
                                                                          reported altimeter setting of an appropriate

                                    19
        Persistence Mining Inc.                      ARMDS Flight Manual

91.125 ATC light signals                                  available station. All operations will be
                                                          conducted under line of sight rules at or
91.126  Operating on or in the vicinity of an airport in  below 400 feet AGL
91.127  class G airspace                                  There will not be any signals in the launch
 91.29  Operating on or in the vicinity of an airport in  areas to comply with
 91.13  class E airspace                                  ARMDS will not be operated in class G
91.131                                                    airspace
91.133  Operations in Class D airspace                    ARMDS will not be operated within class E
91.135  Operations in Class C airspace                    airspace
        Operations in Class B airspace                    ARMDS will not be operated within class D
        Restricted and Prohibited areas                   airspace
        Operations in Class A airspace                    ARMDS will not be operated within class C
                                                          airspace
91.137 Temporary Flight Restrictions                      ARMDS will not be operated within class B
                                                          airspace
91.153 VFR flight plan: information required              ARMDS will not be operated in restricted or
91.155 VFR weather minimums                               prohibited airspace
                                                          ARMDS will not be operated in class A
91.157 Special VFR weather minimums                       airspace
91.159 VFR cruising altitude or flight level              1 SM during the day and 3 at night with no
91.169 IFR flight plan: information required
91.173 ATC clearance and flight plan required             clouds
91.175 Takeoff and landing under IFR
                                                          1 SM during the day and 3 at night with no
91.177 Minimum altitude for IR operations
                                                          clouds Does not apply because below the
                                                 20
                                                          400 foot AGL ceiling,

                                                          Below 400 feet

                                                          1 SM during the day and 3 at night with no

                                                          clouds

                                                          Between 40Ft. AGL and 400 feet AGL

                                                          We will file a flight plan prior to flight
                                                          We will file a flight plan prior to fly at low
                                                          altitudes
                                                          No IRF will be managed by the ground pilot
                                                          in remote areas
                                                          The drone will be flown at altitudes of 50 ft.
                                                          and 400 ft. AGL The drone will need to stay
                                                          well below the normal flight altitude for a
Persistence Mining Inc.      ARMDS Flight Manual

91.179 IFR cruising altitude or flight level               regular manned aircraft
91.185 IFR operations: two-way radio communication
                                                           The drone will be flown at altitudes of 50 ft.
           failure                                         AGL to 400 ft. AGL. The drone will need to
91.209 Aircraft lights                                     stay well below the normal flight altitude
                                                           for a regular manned aircraft
                                                           The ARMDS is an unmanned vehicle
                                                           therefore is programmed to return to the
                                                           launch location in case of communication
                                                           failure
                                                           No flights will occur from sunset to sunrise

    91.305 Flight test areas                               Will be conducted in remote areas more

  91.313e Restricted category civil aircraft: Operating    than 20 NM from any airports
               limitations
                                                           Aircraft will be operated within safety
91.405(a) Maintenance required, inspection of aircraft     guidelines put forth by the supervisor and
                                                           will not fly directly over any person or
91.405 (b) Maintenance required, documentation and         people

                 return to service                         All maintenance of unmanned system will be
                                                           conducted after completion if each flight.
    91.407 Operation after maintenance, return to service  Maintenance will be documented on flight
                                                           manual this will be in possession of
                 by appropriate person.                    operators at all times.

    91.515 Flight Altitude rules                           All maintenance of unmanned system will be
   91.7(a). Civil aircraft airworthiness Certificate       conducted after completion if each flight.
                                                           Maintenance will be documented on flight
                                                           manual this will be in possession of
                                                           operators at all times.

                                                           All maintenance of unmanned system will be
                                                           conducted as specified by the
                                                           Manufacturer. Maintenance will be
                                                           documented on flight manual which will be in
                                                           possession of operators at all times

                                                           Aircraft will only operate with VFR weather
                                                           minimums
                                                           Persistence seeks the requested relief
                                                           because the ARMDS does not require an
                                                           airworthiness certificate in accordance with
                                                           14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H. Therefore, we
                                                           will ensure that the ARMDS is in an
                                                           airworthy condition based upon its
                                                           compliance with the operating documents
                                                           prior to every flight, and as stated in the
                                                           conditions and limitations of our operations
                                                           manual.

                         21
Persistence Mining Inc.      ARMDS Flight Manual

                         22
Persistence Mining Inc.      ARMDS Flight Manual

Persistence Mining is a small mining company with headquarters in La Jolla CA. Our personnel have
experience operating unmanned systems to provide geological and agricultural surveying data to clients.
With our alliance to educators and researchers, the Persistence Mining team will be able to assist
researching in mapping and discovering various geographical features that will assist in a number of
research areas.

ARMDS is currently working with a large petroleum company to develop the procedures and safety plans
to support remote sensing operations on production platforms in the Gulf of Mexico. The purpose of this
program is to support enhancing incident response times and improve safety of platform inspections for
numerous objectives including, but not limited to:

     1. Geo-mapping for explorations
     2. Emergency Response Protocols for natural disasters
     3. Fluvial Studies
     4. Hyper spectral imaging maps
The first phase of the development project will be to decrease the amount of pitch and tilt during flight
and turns within a grid pattern
2014-15 year. These inspections will occur in after each flight to guarantee advancements in proceeding
flights
Approximate Location of the areas to be surveyed:
     1. Remote areas near Hawthorn, Nevada
     2. Remote Areas in Playas New Mexico
     3. Other remote mining areas
     4. Agricultural areas
All operations will be conducted in specified areas with a pre-determined flight plan by personnel who
hold current commercial pilot certificates. These PICs will be trained to the highest level and certified to
operate by the unmanned system manufacturer.

                         23
Persistence Mining Inc.      ARMDS Flight Manual

Through this program Persistence Mining will establish an aerial surveying program for geo-mapping,
environmental services support as well as to develop safety procedures and best practices for such
operations.

We are requesting exemptions from the Federal Aviation Regulations so this operation can be
commercially completed in accordance to all applicable FARs that would pertain to a small unmanned
system. It is our team's hope that through exemption from inapplicable regulations Persistence Mining
Inc. Will be able to provide the United States government and the FAA a source of performance data
from the safe and successful conduct of commercial UAS operations. The remote locations of this request
provides a unique opportunity to further the process of UAS integration into the NAS with strict safety and
access controls already in place for the locations of the inspections.

Brian Zamudio, Director of Operations
Persistence Mining Inc.
5666 La Jolla Blvd Unit 314, La Jolla, CA 92037
619-518-6424
Brian@persistence.com

                         24
