July 31, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12267
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­2132

Mr. Jonathan Pharr
Pharr Properties Westside Drones
2508 Colborne Drive
Plano, TX 75025

Dear Mr. Pharr:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated May 29, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of Pharr Properties Westside Drones (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an
exemption. The petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to
conduct aerial videography and cinematography.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a DJI Phantom 3.
                                                                                                                 2

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

· They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

· The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

· A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Pharr Properties Westside Drones is granted an
exemption from 14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a),
91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and
91.417(a) and (b), to the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                             3

aerial data collection. This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed
below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Pharr Properties Westside Drones is hereafter referred to as
the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom 3
    when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any
    other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
    not permitted.

3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
    exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
    compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
    airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
    aircraft manufacturer.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
    electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
    must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
    required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
                                                                                                            4

    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
                                                                                                            5

    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
                                                                                       6

exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial

    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
                                                                                               7

reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
    as documented in this grant of exemption.

30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
    exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
    District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
    notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
    must include at least the following:
      a. Dates and times for all flights;
      b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
          under this grant of exemption;
      c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
          the UAS;
      d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
      e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
      f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
          and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
          who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
      g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
      h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
          town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
          essential to accomplish the operation.

31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
    consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
    exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                      8

This exemption terminates on August 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
Pharr Properties-2508 Cima Hill Dr

Plano TX 75025 Tele: (214)707-6154

May 29, 2015

U. S. Department of Transportation Docket
Management System 1200 New Jersey Ave,
SE Washington, DC 20590

Re: Exemption Request Section 333 of the FAA
Reform Act of the Federal Aviation Regulations
from 14 C.F.R. 45.23(b); 14 C.F.R. Part 21;
91.7(a); 91.9(b) (2); 91.103(b); 91.109; 119.121;
91.151(a); 91.203(a)&(b); 91.405(a); 91.407(a) (1);
91.409(a) (2); 91.417(a)&(b)

Dear Sir or Madam,

We, Pharr Properties, are writing pursuant to
the FAA Modernization and Reform Act
of 2012 and the procedures contained within
14 C.F.R. 11, to request that Westside
Drones, an owner and operator of small
unmanned aircraft, be exempted from the

Federal Aviation Regulations ("FARs") listed
below so that We, Westside Drones, may
operate our small ultra light weight unmanned
aircraft system ("UAS") commercially in
airspace regulated by the Federal Aviation
Administration ("FAA").

As described herein Pharr Properties
Members, are Certified Private Pilots in the
United States; experienced in flying hobby
Quad Copters for recreational purposes. Our
Inventory includes a one DJI Phantom 3 with
4k camera with the intent for aerial
videography/cinematography to enhance
academic community

awareness for those individuals and
companies unfamiliar with the geographical
layout of the Southern California area, and
augment real estate listing videos; following
exemption and approval by the FAA. Thereby
enhancing their academic research
experience for the Southern California area.
UAS Specs Below:

Phantom 3 Aircraft-

Weight (Including Battery And Propellers)

1280 g

Diagonal Size (Including Propellers)

590 mm
Max Ascent Speed

5 m/s

Max Descent Speed

3 m/s

Hover Accuracy

· Vertical: +/- 10cm 

· Horizontal: +/- 1m Max Speed 16 m/s (ATTI mode, no
      wind) M ax Altitude Above Sea Level 6000
      m O perating Temperature 0 °C to 40°C G ps

     Mode G PS/GLONASS 3 DR Solo Smart Drone

    Aircraft- Cameras: Compatible with
    GoPro® HERO3, 3+ and 4; optimized
    for HERO3+ and 4 

Streaming video quality: 4K

Flight time: 25 minutes; 20 minutes with
payload*

Range: .5 miles** (.8 km)

Max speed: 55 mph (89 km/h)

Max ascent speed: 10 m/s in stabilize mode;
"fly" mode spec forthcoming
Max descent speed: ditto

Max payload: 420 g

Max altitude: 400 ft per FAA regulation,
user adjustable (122 m)

Motors: 880 kV

Propellers: 10 diameter 4.5 pitch self-
tightening (24 cm diameter 144 cm pitch)

Autopilot: Pixhawk 2

Software: APM:Copter

Communication: 3DR Link secure WiFi
network

Frequency: 2.4 GHz

Weight: 3.3 lbs. (1.5 kg) / 3.9 lbs. (1.8 kg)
with GoPro® and Solo Gimbal

Dimensions: 10 in. tall (25 cm), 18 in. (46
cm) motor-to-motor Flight battery: Lithium
polymer 5200 mAh 14.8 Vdc

Battery charge time: ~1.5 hoursC ontroller
battery: 2600 mAh 7.2 Vdc rechargeable

lithium ion

Pharr Properties is Committed to safety with
each flight. Pharr Properties exemption
request would permit operation of ultra light
weight, unmanned (piloted by remote control)
and comparatively inexpensive UAS(s) in
tightly controlled and limited

airspace. Predetermined in areas away from
general public, airports, heliports and
vehicular traffic for community videos, and
within property boundaries for individual
homeowner real estate listing videos/photos.

Granting our, Pharr Properties, request
comports with the Secretary of
Transportation's (FAA Administrator's)
responsibilities and authority to not only
integrate UAS's into the national airspace
system, but to "...establish requirements for
the safe operation of such aircraft systems
[UAS's] in the national airspace system" under
Section 333(c) of the Reform Act specific to
the use of UAS's for real estate/Realtor
purposes. Further We, Pharr Properties, will
conduct our operations in compliance with the
protocols described herein or as otherwise
established by the FAA.

For the reasons stated below, We, Pharr
Properties, respectfully request the grant of an
exemption allowing us to operate ultra light
weight, remote controlled UAS's for academic
community awareness to benefit/stimulate
attraction to the Dallas area and to enhance
real estate listing videos for homeowners who
cannot afford expensive manned aircraft for
the same purpose. Both of which will promote
local economic growth through increased
employment and increased tax base. Both
with public safety in mind by keeping heavier
manned aircraft containing combustible fuel
that poses potential public hazard.

I. Contact Information:

Pharr Properties, Jonathan Pharr 2508
Colborne DR Plano TX 75025 Tele:(214) 707-
6154 Email: jonathan@pharrproperties.com

II. The Specific Sections of Title 14 of the
Code of Federal Regulations from which
Pharr Properties, Requests Exemption
are:
14 CFR 21; 14 C.F.R. 45.23(b); 14 C.F.R. 91, et
seq.; 14 CFR 407 (a) (1); 14 CFR 409 (a) (2);
and, 14 CFR 417 (a) & (b).

III. The Extent of relief Pharr Properties

seeks and the Reason We Seek Such

Relief:

We, Pharr Properties, submit this application
in accordance with the Reform Act, 112 P.L.
95 §§ 331-334, seeking relief from any
currently applicable FARs operating to prevent
we, Pharr Properties, contemplated
commercial cinematic, academic and other
flight operations within the national airspace
system. The Reform Act in Section 332
provides for such integration of civil
unmanned aircraft systems into our national
airspace system as it is in the public's interest
to do so. Our, Pharr Properties, ultra light
weight UAS meets the definition of "small
unmanned aircraft" as defined in Section 331
and therefore the integration of our ultra light
weight UAS is expressly contemplated by the
Reform Act. We would like to operate our light
weight UAS prior to the time period by which
the Reform Act requires the FAA to
promulgate rules governing such craft.
Thereby, providing direct experience and
valuable information for formal regulation that
can be administered uniformly to all real
estate related UAS aerial video

and photography. The Reform Act guides the
Secretary in determining the types of UAS's
that may operate safely in our national
airspace system. Considerations include: The
weight, size, speed and overall capabilities of
the UAS's; Whether the UAS will be operated
near airports or heavily populated areas; and,
Whether the UAS will be operated by line of
sight. 112 P.L. 95 § 333 (a). Each of these
items reflect in favor of an exemption for us,
Pharr Properties. Our UAS utilizes eight (4)
counter- rotating propellers for balance,
control and stability. Our UAS is equipped with
GPS and auto return safety technology.
Weighing less than fifteen (20) pounds (far
below the max. 55 pound limit); including
camera with gimbal.

Pharr Properties, considers safety as foremost
with each flight. Our small unmanned
aircraft is designed to hover in place via GPS
and operate in less than a 13 knot (15 mph)
wind. For safety, stability and fear of financial
loss we will not fly in winds exceeding

13 knot (15 mph). Built in safety systems
include a GPS mode that allows our UAS to
hover in place when radio controls are
released. No UAS operations near airports,
Hospitals nor Police heliports, and do not
operate near areas where general public is
within fifty to one hundred (50-100) yards
depending on location, conditions and
weather. We are constantly on alert for any
manned aircraft (Police/Medical helicopters,
etc.) and prepared to land/abort immediately
to the nearest and safest ground point should
a manned aircraft approach our location or we
suspect manned aircraft may approach near
our location. Our UAS is capable of vertical
and horizontal operations, and are flown only
within our line of sight of us, as the remote
control pilot. Utilizing battery power rather
than combustible fuels, flights generally last
between ten (10) to fifteen (15) minutes, with
an altitude under three hundred (300) feet.
We, Westside Drones, utilize a fresh fully
charged battery with each flight as a safety
precaution; full flight time limit for each battery
is ten (10) to fifteen (15) minutes as tested.
We do not operate our UAS at or below
manufacture recommend minimum charge
levels for operation; preferring to

remain well within a safe operating range to
insure adequate communication between
radio control and UAS to eliminate potential
for crash, loss of control or hazard. Reserve
batteries are at hand with each exercise to
insure replacement for sufficient safe level of
operation. We do not believe in taking risk that
may cause a crash, that could create hazard
to the public/property/ manned aircraft, and
have no desire to lose an investment. We
have clocked numerous practice flights in
remote areas as a hobbyist simulating flights
for future commercial use to gain
familiarization with the characteristics of this
specific UAS's performance under different
temperature and weather conditions.

We, Pharr Properties, are extremely cautious
when operating our UAS/ultra light weight
unmanned aircraft and will not "create a
hazard to users of the national airspace
system or the public." 112 P.L. 95 § 333 (b).
Given the small size and weight of our UAS it
falls well within Congress's contemplated
safety zone when it promulgated the Reform
Act and the corresponding directive to
integrate UAS's into the national airspace
system. Westside Drones UAS, used in hobby
flight, has a demonstrable safety record and
does not pose any threat to the general public
or national security.

IV. How Pharr Properties Request Will

Benefit the Public As A Whole:

Aerial videography for geographical
awareness and for real estate marketing has
been around for a long time through manned
fixed wing aircraft and helicopters. For small
budget real estate companies and average
homeowners the expense of such aerial
videography is cost prohibitive. Only large
companies and high end Realtors or luxury
homeowners can afford to absorb such
expense. Depriving non-luxury homeowners
and lower budget Realtors from a valuable
marketing tool. Manned aircraft pose a threat
to the public through potential catastrophic
crash that the Dallas community has
experienced in the past with military aircraft
and medical helicopter crashes within the
SoCal area.

Each resulting in loss of life. Each with
combustible fuel that exploded and burned on
impact. Police helicopters have made
emergency hard landings within city limits.
Our, Pharr Properties, UAS pose no such
threat since size and lack of combustible fuel
alleviates any potential threat to the public.

Congress has already proclaimed that it is in
the public's interest to integrate commercially
flown UAS's into the national airspace system,
hence the passing of the Reform Act. Granting
Our, Pharr Properties, exemption request
furthers the public interest through
academic/visual awareness of the
geographical benefits in and around the
Dallas area. Our ultra light weight UAS is
battery powered and creates no emissions
that can harm the environment. The
consequence of my ultra light weight UAS
crashing is far less than a full size helicopter
or fixed wing aircraft; which are heavy, contain
combustible fuel and can cause catastrophic
devastation to the public.The public's interest
is furthered by minimizing ecological and
crash threat by permitting aerial video/photo
capture through our battery operated ultra
light weight UAS's. Permitting us,Pharr
Properties, to immediately fly within national
air space furthers economic growth. Granting
our exemption request substantially furthers
the economic impact for the Los Angeles
community for companies looking to relocate
or build in the SoCal area as well as
individuals looking to relocate for career
advancement through academic and
geographical awareness. Both of which serve
as a stimulus to the community.

V. Reasons Why Pharr Properties

Exemption Will Not Adversely Affect

Safety Or How The Exemption Will

Provide a Level of Safety At Least Equal

To Existing Rule:

Our, Pharr Properties, exemption will not
adversely affect safety. Quite the contrary, for
the reasons stated permitting us, Westside
Drones, to log more flight time in FAA
controlled airspace, with communication with
the FAA, will allow us to contribute to the
innovation and implementation of new and
novel, as of yet

undiscovered safety protocols for Realtors
that can be embraced by the National
Association of Realtors and Texas Association
of Realtors, for development in cooperation
with the FAA. In addition We, Pharr
Properties, submit the following
representations of enhancements to current
aerial videography and photography for real
estate:

Our UAS weighs less than 20 pounds
complete with gimbal and high resolution
Cameras; We only operate our UAS below
300 feet (well within the 400 foot permissible
ceiling set by the FAA Modernization and
Reform Act of 2012);

Our UAS only operate for 10-15 minutes per
flight; We land our UAS prior to manufacturer
recommended minimum level of battery
power; We pilot our UAS through remote
control only by line of sight; Our UAS has
GPS a flight safety feature whereby it hovers
and then slowly lands if communication with
the remote control pilot is lost; We actively
analyze flight data and other sources of
information to constantly update and enhance
safety protocols; We only operate in
reasonably safe environment that are strictly
controlled, are away from power lines,
elevated lights, airports and actively populated
areas; We conduct extensive pre-flight
inspections and protocol, during which safety
carries primary importance; and We always
obtain all necessary permissions prior to
operation.

Our, Pharr Properties, safety protocols
provide a level of safety equal to or exceeding
existing rules. It is important to note that
absent the integration of commercial UAS into
our national airspace system, helicopters are
the primary means of aerial video and
photography for community awareness and
real estate. While the safety record of such
helicopters is remarkably astounding, there
has been local incident involving loss of life as
well as extensive property damage; it is far
safer to operate a
battery powered ultra light weight UAS.

First, the potential loss of life is diminished
because UAS's carry no people on board and
we only operate our UAS in specific areas
away from mass populations.

Second, there is no fuel on board a UAS and
thus the potential for fire or explosions is
greatly diminished.

Third, the small size and extreme
maneuverability of our UAS allows us to
remotely pilot away from and avoid hazards
quickly and safely.

Lastly, given its small size and weight, even
when close enough to capture amazing
images, our UAS need not be so close to the
objects they are focused on through the
technology and use of post editing software
allowing pan and zoom.

Accordingly, our UAS has been
experimentally operated for
familiarization/competency and will continue to
operate at and above current safety levels.

VI. A Summary The FAA May Publish in
the Federal Register:

A. 14 C.F.R. 21 and 14 C.F.R. 91:
Airworthiness Certificates, Manuals and The
Like.

14 C.F.R. 21, Subpart H, entitled
Airworthiness Certificates, sets forth
requirements for procurement of necessary
airworthiness certificates in relation to FAR §
91.203(a)(1). The size, weight and enclosed
operational area of our, Pharr Properties, UAS
permits exemption from Part 21 because our
UAS meets (and exceeds) an equivalent level
of safety pursuant to Section 333 of the
Reform Act. The FAA is authorized to exempt
aircraft from the airworthiness certificate
requirement under both the Act (49 U.S.C. §
44701 (f)) and Section 333 of the Reform Act.
Both

pieces of legislation permit the FAA to exempt
UAS's from the airworthiness certificate
requirement in consideration of the weight,
size, speed, maneuverability and proximity to
areas such as airports and dense populations.
Our, Westside Drones, current and projected
UAS's meet or exceed each of the elements.
14 C.F.R. 91.7(a) prohibits the operation of an
aircraft without an airworthiness certificate. As
no such certificate will be applicable in the
form contemplated by the FARs, this
Regulation is inapplicable.

14 C.F.R. § 91.9 (b) (2) requires an aircraft
flight manual in the aircraft. As there are no on
board pilots or passengers, and given the size
of the UAS's, this Regulation is inapplicable.
An equivalent level of safety will be achieved
by maintaining our,

Pharr Properties, safety protocols. The FAA
has previously issued exemptions to this
regulation in Exemption Nos. 8607, 8737,
8738, 9299, 9299A, 9565, 9565B, 10167,
10167A, 10602, 10700 and 32827.

14 C.F.R. § 91.121 regarding altimeter settings
is inapplicable insofar as our UAS utilizes
electronic global positioning systems with a
barometric sensor.

14 C.F.R. § 91.203 (a) and (b) provides for the
carrying of civil aircraft certifications and
registrations. They are inapplicable for the same
reasons described above. The equivalent level
of safety will be achieved by maintaining any
such required certifications and registrations by
us, Westside Drones.

14 C.F.R. § 45.23: Marking of The Aircraft.

Applicable Codes of Federal Regulation require
aircraft to be marked according to certain
specifications. Our UAS are, by definition,
unmanned. They therefore do not have a cabin,
cockpit or pilot station on which to mark certain
words or phrases. Further, two-inch lettering is
difficult to place on such small aircraft with
dimensions smaller that minimal lettering
requirement. Regardless, We will mark our UAS
in the largest possible lettering by placing the
word "EXPERIMENTAL"

on its fuselage as required by 14 C.F.R. §45.29
(f) so that we the pilot, or anyone assisting me
as a spotter with the UAV will see the markings.
The FAA has previously issued exemptions to
this regulation through Exemptions Nos. 8738,
10167, 10167A and 10700.

14 C.F.R. 91.119: Minimum Safe Altitudes.

14 C.F.R. § 91.119 prescribes safe altitudes for
the operation of civil aircraft. It allows helicopters
to be operated at lower altitudes in certain
conditions. Our UAS will never operate at an
altitude greater than 300 AGL; safely below the
standard of 400 AGL. We, Pharr Properties, will
however operate our UAS in safe areas away
from public and traffic, providing a level of safety
at least equivalent to or below those in relation
to minimum safe altitudes. Given the size,
weight, maneuverability and speed of our UAS,
an equivalent or higher level of safety will be
achieved.

14 C.F.R. 91.405 (a); 407 (a) (1); 409 (a) (2);
417(a) & (b): Maintenance Inspections.

The above-cited Regulations require, amongst
other things, aircraft owners and operators to
"have [the] aircraft inspected as prescribed in
subpart E of this part and shall between required
inspections, except as provided in paragraph (c)
of this section, have discrepancies repaired as
prescribed in part 43 of this chapter. . . ."

These Regulations only apply to aircraft with an
airworthiness certificate. They will not, therefore,
apply to our, Westside Drones,UAS. However,
as a safety precaution we inspect our UAS
before and after each flight as well as
maintaining a maintenance log.

A Summary The FAA May Publish in the
Federal Register:

A. 14 C.F.R. 21 and 14 C.F.R. 91:
Airworthiness Certificates, Manuals and The
Like. 14 C.F.R. 21, Subpart H, entitled
Airworthiness Certificates, sets forth
requirements for procurement of necessary
airworthiness certificates in relation to FAR §
91.203(a)(1). The size, weight and enclosed
operational area of our UAS permits
exemption from Part 21 because our,
Westside Drones, UAS meets an equivalent
level of safety

pursuant to Section 333 of the Reform Act.
The FAA is authorized to exempt aircraft from
the airworthiness certificate requirement under
both the Act (49 U.S.C. § 44701 (f)) and
Section 333 of the Reform Act. Both pieces of
legislation permit the FAA to exempt UAS's
from the airworthiness certificate requirement
in consideration of the weight, size, speed,
maneuverability and proximity to areas such
as airports and dense populations. Our UAS
meets or exceeds each of the elements. 14
C.F.R. 91.7(a) prohibits the operation of an
aircraft without an airworthiness certificate. As
no such certificate will be applicable in the
form contemplated by the FARs, this
Regulation is inapplicable. 14 C.F.R. § 91.9
(b) (2) requires an aircraft flight manual in the
aircraft. As there are no pilots or passengers,
and given the size of the UAS's, this
Regulation is inapplicable. An equivalent level
of safety will be achieved by maintaining a
manual. The FAA has previously issued
exemptions to this regulation in Exemption
Nos. 8607, 8737, 8738, 9299, 9299A, 9565,
9565B, 10167, maintenance program that
involves regular software updates and
curative measures for any damaged
hardware. Therefore, an equivalent level of
safety will be achieved.

In summary, Pharr Properties seeks an

exemption from the following

Regulations:

14 C.F.R. 21, subpart H; 14 C.F.R. 45.23(b);
14 C.F.R. § 91.7 (a); 14 C.F.R. § 91.9 (b)(2);
14 C.F.R. § 91.103(b); 14 C.F.R. § 91.109; 14
C.F.R. § 91.119; 14 C.F.R. § 91.121; 14
C.F.R. § 91.151(a); 14 C.F.R. §§ 91.203(a)
and (b); 14 C.F.R. § 91.405 (a); 14 C.F.R. §
91.407 (a)(1); 14 C.F.R. § 91.409 (a)(2); 14
C.F.R. § 91.409 (a ) (2); and, 14 C.F.R. §§
91.417 (a) & (b) to commercially operate our,
Pharr Properties, small unmanned
vehicle/lightweight unmanned aircraft vehicle
in community awareness and real estate
operations, and to develop economic
platforms for real estate to enhance the
experience of those seeking to relocate to the
Los Angeles area. Currently, area awareness
and real estate aerial
videography/photography relies primarily on
the use of

larger aircraft running on combustible fuel.
Posing potential risk to the public. Granting
our, Westside Drones, request for exemption
will reduce current risk levels and thereby
enhance safety. Our UAS craft do not contain
potentially explosive fuel, is smaller, lighter
and more maneuverable than conventional
real estate video and photographic aircraft
with less flight time. Further, We operate at
lower altitudes and in controlled airspace
eliminating potential public risk flying to and
from established air fields. We, Westside
Drones have been informally analyzing flight
information and will compile safety protocols
and the implementation of a flight operations
manual for real estate usage that exceeds
currently accepted means and methods for
safe flight. Formal collection of information
shared with the FAA will enhance the FAA's
internal efforts to establish protocols for
complying with the FAA Modernization and
Reform Act of 2012. There are no personnel
on board our, Pharr Properties, UAS and
therefore the likelihood of death or serious
bodily injury is significantly diminished. our,
Pharr Properties, operation of our UAS,
weighing less than 20 pounds and traveling at
lower speeds within limited areas will provide
an equivalent level of safety as that achieved
under current FARs. Accordingly We, Pharr
Properties, respectfully request that the FAA
grant our exemption request and are willing

to cooperate in sharing information to benefit
the FAA, safety of manned aircraft, and the
general public at large.

Respectfully submitted,

Pharr Properties-2508 Cima Hill DR Plano, TX
75025
  
