August 19, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12532
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­1921

Mr. Philip Madison
208 Anita Drive
Paducah, KY 42003

Dear Mr. Madison:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letters dated May 13 and July 30, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation
Administration (FAA) for an exemption. The petitioner requested to operate an unmanned
aircraft system (UAS) to conduct aerial data collection for aerial videography and
cinematography.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner are the DJI Phantom and DJI Phantom 3.

In accordance with the statutory criteria provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in
reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited
operating area associated with the aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation
has determined that this aircraft meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA
                                                                                                                 2

finds that the relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts,
Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing
requirements of part 36, is not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Mr. Philip Madison is granted an exemption from
14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c),
91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to
the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Mr. Philip Madison is hereafter referred to as the operator.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                                                 3

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom and
         DJI Phantom 3 when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed
         operations of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this
         exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
         must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
         documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
         Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
         limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
         the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
         Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
         documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
         operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
                                                                                                            4

    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
                                                                                                            5

    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.
                                                                                                               6

   23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
       any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
       PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
       These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
       official upon request.

   24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
       activities at all times.

   25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

   26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
       persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
          a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
             from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
             that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
             where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
             the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
             of nonparticipating persons; and
          b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
             for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
             the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
             present an undue hazard.

       The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
       nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

   27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
       permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
       Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
       obtained for each flight to be conducted.

   28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
       boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
       to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
       reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
       contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

   29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
       as documented in this grant of exemption.
                                                                                                                 7

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.

This exemption terminates on August 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,
/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
                                                                                          Philip  Madison  
                                                                                          208  Anita  Drive  
                                                                                     Paducah,  KY  42003  

                                                                                            270.392.1952  
  
May  13,  2015  
  
U.S.  Department  of  Transportation  
Docket  Management  System  
1200  New  Jersey  Ave.,  SE  
Washington,  DC  20590  
  
Re:  Exemption  Pursuant  to  Section  333  
  
To  whom  it  may  concern;  
  
I  am  seeking  relief  from  the  following  portions  of  14  CFR's:  
  
91.7(a)  
91.119(c)    
91.121  
91.151(a)  
91.405(a)  
91.407(a)(1)  
91.409(a)(1)&(2)  
91.417(a)&(b)  
  
I  intend  to  operate  the  DJI  Phantom  1  and  DJI  Phantom  3  Professional  "quad-copter  
style"  unmanned  aircraft  systems  (UAS)  in  the  western  Kentucky  region  for  the  purpose  
of  aerial  data  collection  to  produce  images/video  for  use  in  aerial  
videography/cinematography  and  augmenting  real  estate  listing  videos  (or  similar  
operations),  commercial  advertisings,  educational  videos,  industrial  training/safety  
programs  and  educational  products.  

As  for  my  accreditations  with  model  aircraft,  I  am  a  current  and  active  member  in  the  
Academy  of  Model  Aeronautics  (AMA)  since  March  9,  2005  and  hold  a  AMA  Turbine  
Waiver  (#FW  9880)  for  fixed  wing  turbine  powered  aircraft  since  September  12,  2008.    
Over  the  past  several  years  I  have  also  earned  the  status  of  Contest  Director  for  the  
AMA  and  held  the  responsibility  of  numerous  model  aircraft  events  with  zero  incidents.  
  
I  am  currently  employed  in  the  video  production  industry,  with  over  16  years  on  the  job  
experience  in  all  aspects  of  video  production.    It  is  my  intent  to  include  the  products  of  
aerial  videography  and  cinematography  from  the  UAS  platform  into  current  production  
work.    Throughout  the  past  two  years  I  have  practiced  at  the  hobby/recreation  level  UAS  
activities  with  the  DJI  Phantom  1  platform  and  have  accumulated  more  than  40+  hours  
of  flight  time,  WITHOUT  INCIDENT.  
  
Following  are  the  justifications  as  to  why  I  am  seeking  relief  from  each  section:  
  
91.7(a)  ­  It  is  my  understanding  that  no  FAA  regulation  standard  exists  for  determining  
the  airworthiness  of  the  UAS  I  intend  to  operate,  the  regulation  is  inapplicable.  
  
91.119(c)  ­  The  intended  operations  under  this  exemption  would  need  to  occur  at  
altitudes  fewer  than  400  feet  and  closer  than  500  feet  to  person,  objects  or  structures.  
  
91.121  ­  The  manufactured  platform  intended  uses  a  barometric  altimeter,  GPS  derived  
altitude  and  ultrasonic  reference  relative  to  ground  capabilities  to  establish  altitude  
while  the  FAA  requires  any  altitude  reported  to  be  in  feet  AGL.  
  
91.151(a)  ­  The  manufactured  system  does  not  have  the  ability  to  adhere  to  this  
regulation.  
  
91.405(a)  ­  This  section  does  not  apply  to  UAS.  
  
91.407(a)(1)  ­  This  section  does  not  apply  to  UAS.  
  
91.409(a)(1)&(2)  -  This  section  does  not  apply  to  UAS.  
  
91.417(a)&(b)  -  This  section  does  not  apply  to  UAS,  however  it  is  my  intent  to  keep  a  
flight  log  with  basic  information  about  each  activity/flight  of  the  UAS  involved.  
  
It  is  my  intent  to  comply  with  the  following  conditions  of  UAS  operations  for  the  
purpose:  
  
1.    All  operations  authorized  by  this  grant  of  exemption  are  limited  to  the  platform  
aircraft  as  described  in  their  respective  operating  guidelines  and  documents  from  the  
manufacturers  for  the  DJI  Phantom  1  and  DJI  Phantom  3  Professional.  
  
2.    Each  aircraft  will  NOT  exceed  55  pounds  in  weight.  (Estimated  approximate  weight  
for  each  individual  aircraft  is  less  than  4.5  pounds.)  
  
3.    The  UAS  will  not  fly  in  excess  of  an  indicated  airspeed  of  35  knots.  
  
4.    The  UAS  will  be  operated  at  an  altitude  of  no  more  than  400  feet  above  ground  level  
(AGL),  as  indicated  by  the  procedures  specified  in  the  operating  documents.  
  
5.    UAS  operations  may  not  be  conducted  during  night,  as  defined  in  14  CFR  1.1.  All  
operations  must  be  conducted  under  visual  meteorological  conditions  (VMC).  All  UAS  

                                                     2    
operations  will  be  conducted  during  a  minimum  of    "fair"  weather  situations  deemed  
safe  by  the  operator.  
6.    The  UAS  must  be  operated  within  visual  line  of  sight  (VLOS)  of  the  Pilot  In  Command  
(PIC)  at  all  times.    This  requires  the  PIC  to  be  able  to  use  human  unaided  vision  by  any  
device  other  than  corrective  lenses.  
  
7.    ALL  operations  must  utilize  a  visual  observer  (VO).    The  UAS  will  be  operated  within  
the  VLOS  of  the  VO  at  all  times.    The  VO  may  be  used  to  satisfy  the  VLOS  requirement  as  
long  as  the  PIC  always  Maintains  VLOS  capability.    The  VO  and  PIC  must  be  able  to  
communicate  verbally  at  all  times.    The  PIC  must  be  designated  before  the  flight  and  
cannot  transfer  the  designation  for  the  duration  of  the  operation.    The  PIC  must  ensure  
that  the  VO  is  capable  to  perform  the  functions  prescribed.  
  
8.    The  operating  documents  and  this  grant  of  exemption  must  be  accessible  during  UAS  
operations  and  made  available  to  the  Administrator  upon  request.  lf  a  discrepancy  exists  
between  the  conditions  and  limitations  in  this  exemption  and  the  procedures  outlined  in  
the  operating  documents,  the  conditions  and  limitations  herein  take  precedence  and  
must  be  followed.  Otherwise,  the  operator  must  follow  the  procedures  as  outlined  in  its  
operating  documents.  The  operator  may  update  or  revise  its  operating  documents.  lt  is  
the  operator's  responsibility  to  track  such  revisions  and  present  updated  and  revised  
documents  to  the  Administrator  upon  request.  The  operator  must  also  present  updated  
and  revised  documents  if  he  petitions  for  extension  or  amendment  to  this  grant  of  
exemption.  lf  the  operator  determines  that  any  update  or  revision  would  affect  the  
basis  upon  which  the  FAA  granted  this  exemption,  then  the  operator  must  petition  for  
amendment  to  its  grant  of  exemption.  The  FAA's  UAS  lntegration  Office  (AFS-80)  may  be  
contacted  if  questions  arise  regarding  updates  or  revisions  to  the  operating  documents.    
9.    Prior  to  each  flight,  the  PIC  must  inspect  the  UAS  to  ensure  it  is  in  a  condition  for  safe  
flight.  lf  the  inspection  reveals  a  condition  that  affects  the  safe  operation  of  the  UAS,  the  
UAS  is  prohibited  from  operating  until  the  necessary  maintenance  has  been  performed  
and  the  UAS  is  found  to  be  in  a  condition  for  safe  flight.  The  Ground  Control  Station  
must  be  included  in  the  preflight  inspection.  All  maintenance  and  alterations  must  be  
properly  documented  in  the  aircraft  records.    
10.    Any  UAS  maintenance  or  alterations  that  affect  the  UAS  operation  or  flight  
characteristics,  e.g.  replacement  of  a  flight  critical  component,  must  undergo  a  
functional  test  flight.  The  PIC  who  conducts  the  functional  test  flight  must  make  an  entry  
in  the  aircraft  records.    
11.    The  operator  must  follow  the  UAS  manufacturer's  aircraft/component,  
maintenance,  overhaul,  replacement,  inspection,  and  life  limit  requirements.
12.    The  operator  must  carry  out  its  maintenance,  inspections,  and  record  keeping  
requirements,  in  accordance  with  the  operating  documents.  Maintenance,  inspection,  

                                                     3    
and  alterations  must  be  noted  in  the  aircraft  records,  including  total  flight  hours,  
description  of  work  accomplished,  and  the  signature  of  the  authorized  person  returning  
the  UAS  to  service.    
13.    Each  UAS  operated  under  this  exemption  must  comply  with  all  manufacturer  Safety  
Bulletins.    
14.    The  UAS  may  not  operate  within  5  nautical  miles  of  an  airport  reference  point  as  
denoted  on  a  current  FAA-published  aeronautical  chart.  
15.    The  UAS  may  not  be  operated  less  than  500  feet  below,  or  less  than  2,000  
horizontally  from  a  cloud  or  when  visibility  is  less  than  3  statute  miles  from  the  PIC.  
16.    If  the  UAS  loses  communications  or  loses  its  GPS  signal,  it  must  be  designed  to  
return  to  a  pre-determined  location  within  the  planned  operating  area  and  land  or  be  
recovered  in  accordance  with  the  operating  documents.    
17.    The  PIC  must  abort  the  flight  in  the  event  of  unpredicted  obstacles  or  emergencies  
in  accordance  with  the  operating  documents.    
18.    The  PIC  is  prohibited  from  beginning  a  flight  unless  (considering  wind  and  forecast  
weather  conditions)  there  is  enough  power  to  fly  at  normal  cruising  speed  to  the  
intended  landing  point  and  land  the  UAS  with  25%  battery  power  remaining.    
19.    All  aircraft  operated  in  accordance  with  this  exemption  must  be  identified  by  
manufacturers  applied  and  recorded  serial  number.  
20.    Before  conducting  operations,  the  radio  frequency  spectrum  used  for  operation  and  
control  of  the  UAS  must  comply  with  the  Federal  Communications  Commission  (FCC)  or  
other  appropriate  government  oversight  agency  requirements.    
21.    Documents  relating  to  the  manufactures  operating  manual,  usage  guide,  
maintenance  recommendations  and  granted  exemption  notice  must  be  available  to  the  
PIC  at  all  times.    These  documents  must  be  made  available  to  the  Administrator  or  any  
law  enforcement  official  upon  request.  
22.    The  UAS  must  remain  clear  and  yield  the  right  of  way  to  all  manned  aviation  
operations  and  activities  at  all  times.    
23.    The  UAS  may  not  be  operated  by  the  PIC  from  any  moving  device  or  vehicle.    
24.    The  UA  may  not  be  operated  over  congested  or  densely  populated  areas  without  
prior  notice  of  activity  and  purpose  to  responsible  party  involved.  
25.    All  operations  shall  be  conducted  over  private  or  controlled-access  property  with  
permission  from  the  land  owner/controller  or  authorized  representative.  Permission  

                                                     4    
from  land  owner/controller  or  authorized  representative  will  be  obtained  for  each  
operation  to  be  conducted.    
26.    The  operator  must  have  a  motion  picture  and  television  operations  manual  
(MPTOM)  as  documented  in  this  grant  of  exemption.    
27.    At  least  3  days  before  aerial  filming,  the  operator  of  the  UAS  affected  by  this  
exemption  must  submit  a  written  Plan  of  Activities  to  the  local  Flight  Standards  District  
Office  (FSDO)  with  jurisdiction  over  the  area  of  proposed  filming.  The  3-day  notification  
may  be  waived  with  the  concurrence  of  the  FSDO.  The  plan  of  activities  must  include  at  
least  the  following:    

    1. Dates  and  times  for  all  flights;    
    2. Name  and  phone  number  of  the  operator  for  the  UAS  aerial  filming  conducted  

         under  this  grant  of  exemption;    
    3. Name  and  phone  number  of  the  person  responsible  for  the  on-scene  operation  

         of  the  UAS;    
    4. Make,  model,  and  serial  or  N-Number  of  UAS  to  be  used;    
    5. Name  of  UAS  PICs  involved  in  the  aerial  filming;    
    6. A  statement  that  the  operator  has  obtained  permission  from  property  owners  

         and/or  local  officials  to  conduct  the  filming  production  event;  the  list  of  those  
         who  gave  permission  must  be  made  available  to  the  inspector  upon  request;    
    7. Signature  of  exemption  holder  or  representative;  and    
    8. A  description  of  the  flight  activity,  including  maps  or  diagrams  of  any  area,  city,  
         town,  county,  and/or  state  over  which  filming  will  be  conducted  and  the  
         altitudes  essential  to  accomplish  the  operation.    
28.    Flight  operations  may  be  conducted  closer  than  500  feet  from  participating  persons  
consenting  to  be  involved  and  necessary  for  the  filming  production,  as  specified  in  the  
exemption  holder's  MPTOM.    
28.    Any  incident,  accident,  or  flight  operation  that  transgresses  the  lateral  or  vertical  
boundaries  of  the  operational  area  as  defined  by  the  within  this  operational  exemption  
must  be  reported  to  the  FAA's  UAS  lntegration  Office  (AFS-80)  within  24  hours.  
Accidents  must  be  reported  to  the  National  Transportation  Safety  Board  (NTSB)  per  
instructions  contained  on  the  NTSB  Web  site:  www.ntsb.gov.    
  
  
     

                                                     5    
Along  with  this  petition,  I  submit  the  following  for  review  as  indicators  for  operation  of  
the  UAS  prescribed  for  approval  in  this  exemption:  
-DJI  Phantom  Flying  Flow  Chart  
-DJI  Phantom  Quick  Start  Manual  
-DJI  Phantom  User  Manual  
-DJI  Phantom  3  Professional  Quick  Start  Guide  
-DJI  Phantom  3  Professional  User  Manual  
-Proposed  Motion  Picture  and  Television  Flight  Operation  Manual  
  
If  more  information  or  documentation  is  needed  to  approve  this  exemption  for  the  
intended  use  of  the  UAS,  please  contact  me  at  270.392.1952.  
  
  
Thank  you,  
  
  
Philip  Madison  

                                                     6    
                                                                                          Philip  Madison  
                                                                                          208  Anita  Drive  
                                                                                     Paducah,  KY  42003  

                                                                                            270.392.1952  
July  30,  2015  
  
U.S.  Department  of  Transportation  
Docket  Management  System  
1200  New  Jersey  Ave.,  SE  
Washington,  DC  20590  
  
Re:  Additional  Information  Requested  for  Docket  FAA-2015-1921  
  
To  whom  it  may  concern;  
  
Pursuant  to  the  FAA  Modernization  and  Reform  Act  of  2012  I  am  writing  in  request  for  
an  exemptions  from  the  current  Federal  Aviation  Regulations  ("FARs")  listed  below  so  
that  I  may  operate  small  ultra  light  weight  unmanned  aircraft  system  ("UAS")  
commercially  in  airspace  regulated  by  the  Federal  Aviation  Administration  ("FAA").    I  
believe  that  such  activity  is  already  occurring  by  "unauthorized"  operators  and  it  is  my  
goal  to  work  with  the  FAA  through  this  exemption  request  to  operate  within  the  
constraints  of  the  current  FAR.      
  
I  have  over  15+  years  experience  in  television/film  production  as  well  as  10+  years  
experience  in  remote  control  models,  all  without  incident.    The  opportunity  to  integrate  
such  UAS  aerial  platforms  in  a  safe  and  controlled  manor  through  this  exemption,  if  
approved,  will  aid  in  the  development  of  an  already  "booming"  media  industry.  
  
Data  collected  by  the  operation  of  this  exemption  is  intended  for  use  as  images/video  
for  videography/cinematography,  real  estate,  web-based  videos/websites,  commercial  
advertisings,  educational  videos,  training/safety  videos  and  potentially  search  and  
rescue  operations  if  necessary  and  requested  by  local  area  agencies.  

PUBLIC  GOOD  

With  this  exemption  I  plan  to  provide  a  platform  for  aerial  data/imaging  in  a  manor  that  
is  not  cost  prohibitive  as  has  been  historically  with  manned  aircraft.    Congress  has  
already  decided  that  it  is  in  the  public's  interest  to  integrate  commercially  flown  UAS  
into  the  national  airspace  system  and  passed  the  Reform  Act.  

Aerial  videography  for  geographical  awareness,  real  estate  marketing  and  video  
production  has  been  around  for  a  long  time  through  manned  fixed  wing  aircraft  and  
helicopters.  But  for  small  business  owners,  its  expense  has  been  cost-prohibitive.    
Granting  this  exemption  will  allow  me  to  provide  this  service  at  a  much  lower  cost.  
Further,  the  small  UAS  being  utilized  in  this  application  will  pose  no  threat  to  the  public  
given  its  small  size  and  lack  of  combustible  fuel  when  compared  to  larger  manned  
aircraft.  The  UAS  is  battery  powered  and  creates  no  emissions  that  can  harm  the  
environment.    The  operation  of  this  UAS  will  minimize  ecological  damage  and  promote  
economic  growth  by  providing  video  based  information  to  businesses  &  individuals  in  
the  area.    

This  exemption,  if  granted,  will  also  further  economic  impact  for  the  area  by  providing  
an  opportunity  for  companies  looking  to  build  and  individuals  looking  to  relocate  for  
careers  to  have  information  available  to  them  through  academic  and  geographical  
awareness.    These  serve  as  a  stimulus  to  the  community.  

CONCLUSION  
Finally,  I  am  requesting  this  exemption  to  perform  safe  operations  of  the  listed  UAS  at  
low-level  altitudes  and  only  around  those  completely  informed  and  agreed  upon  the  
operation,  thus  virtually  eliminating  the  potential  risk  to  the  public.    The  systems  that  I  
operate  keep  very  accurate  data  logs  that  will  also  allow  me  to  constantly  evolve  my  
personal  guidelines  under  this  exemption  and  be  information  that  can  eventually  be  
transferred  along  to  the  FAA  for  review  in  efforts  to  enhance  the  efforts  on  future  
protocols  in  complying  with  the  FAA  Modernization  and  Reform  Act  of  2012.    
The  UAS  platforms  I  intend  to  operate  have  no  personnel  on  board,  and  therefore  any  
likelihood  of  death  or  serious  injury  is  significantly  diminished.      
All  UAS  used  are  very  lightweight  and  operated  at  very  low  speeds  within  limited  areas,  
which  again  provides  a  great  level  of  safety.      
  
I  hope  to  operate  the  UAS  in  a  safe  manor  and  to  utilize  such  a  platform  in  the  
advancement  of  aerial  data  collection.  If  more  information  or  documentation  is  needed  
to  approve  this  exemption  for  the  intended  use  of  the  UAS,  please  contact  me  at  
270.392.1952.  
  
  
Thank  you,  
  
  
Philip  Madison  
