September 24, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12968
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­0578

Mr. Philip Eisenhauer
3430 Toringdon Way, Suite 101
Charlotte, NC 28277

Dear Mr. Eisenhauer:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated March 4, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) for
an exemption. The exemption would allow the petitioner to operate an unmanned aircraft
system (UAS) to conduct aerial evaluations that will assist in determining value and condition
of properties.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a Tarot Ironman 650 Quad-copter Tethered Aerial
Platform.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
                                                                                                                 2

provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection.1 The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), and 12645 to Allied Drones (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0804), the FAA
found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned aircraft (UA) with the
specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or crew, rather than a
manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in addition to flammable
fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled by this exemption is in
the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, 11213, and 12645;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, 11213,
    and 12645 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Mr. Philip Eisenhauer is granted an exemption from
14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c),
91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to
the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                             3

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Mr. Philip Eisenhauer is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the Tarot Ironman 650
    Quad-copter Tethered Aerial Platform when weighing less than 55 pounds including
    payload. Proposed operations of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a
    petition to amend this exemption.

2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
    not permitted.

3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
    exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
    compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
    airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
    aircraft manufacturer.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.

    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
    electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
    must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
    required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
                                                                                                            4

    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    Government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.
                                                                                                            5

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. For tethered UAS operations, the tether line must have colored pennants or streamers
    attached at not more than 50 foot intervals beginning at 150 feet above the surface of
    the earth and visible from at least one mile. This requirement for pennants or
    streamers is not applicable when operating exclusively below the top of and within
    250 feet of any structure, so long as the UA operation does not obscure the lighting of
    the structure.

19. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

20. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

21. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
                                                                                                            6

    intended operation and to operate after that for at least 5 minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

22. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

23. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

24. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

25. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

26. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

27. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

    The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
    nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

28. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.
                                                                                                                 7

    29. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
         boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
         to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
         reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
         contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

 If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
 television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

    30. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    31. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    32. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                                                 8

This exemption terminates on September 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,
/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
March 4, 2015

To:
United States Department of Transportation
Docket Management System
1200 New Jersey Ave., SE
West Building Ground Floor Room W12-140
Washington, DC 20590

From Petitioner:
Philip Eisenhauer
3430 Toringdon Way, Suite 101
Charlotte, NC 28277
Office 704-887-6600

Home address:
6509 Woodshed Circle
Charlotte, NC 28277
Mobile: 704-907-0495

Re: Petition Of Philip Eisenhauer for an Exemption Request Pursuant To Section
         333 of the FAA Reform Act of 2012.

To whom it may concern,

       Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (" Reform
Act") and 14 C.F.R. Part 11, Philip Eisenhauer (PE) hereby applies for an exemption from the
Federal Aviation Regulations ("FARs") identified below to allow commercial operations of small
unmanned aerial vehicles (i.e., "small unmanned aircraft") or Tethered Aerial Platform ("TAP").

      This exemption is made based on the information outlined in this petition as well as the
accompanying PE's Flight Operations and Procedures Manual ("Operations Manual"), PE's Pre-
Flight Checklist, PE's Flight, PIC, VO, SO Logbooks, PE's TAP Maintenance Manual and Log,
PE's / DJI Ground Station Manual and NAZA M V2 Manual. PE submits these materials as the
material contains confidential commercial and proprietary information that PE has not and will
not share with others. Additionally, these documents contain operating conditions and procedures
that are not available to the public and are protected from release under the Freedom of
Information Ac, 5 U.S.C. § 552 et seq., and any other requirements established by the FAA
pursuant to Section 333 of the Reform Act.

The conditions proposed by the applicant are drawn from order 8900.1 CHG 0

As described more fully below, the requested exemption would permit the operation of a
small Tarot Ironman 650 Quad-copter Tethered Aerial Platform ("TAP") The relatively
inexpensive Tarot Ironman 650 Quad-copter TAP under controlled conditions in airspace
that is 1) limited 2) predetermined 3) controlled as to access and 4) would provide safety
enhancements through use of a tether. With these additions we intend to provide a level of
safety high than the already safe operations within the industry, presently using
conventional aircraft. Approval of this exemption would thereby enhance safety and fulfill
the Secretary of Transportation's (the FAA Administrator's) responsibilities to "...establish
requirements for the safe operation of such aircraft systems in the national airspace system."

                                        TABLE OF CONTENTS

For your convenience, this Petition is organized as follows:

    I. Description of the Petitioner
    II. Type of Operations
    III. Relevant Statutory Authority
    IV. Proposed TAP Operation, Meeting the Requirements of Section333 of the reform

             Act.
                  A. Approval is Warranted based on the TAP's, Size, Weight, Speed
                            and Operational Capability
                  B. Approval is Warranted Based on the Operational Restrictions set
                            forth in the Operations Manual

    V. Regulations from which Exemption is Requested
                  A. 14 C.F.R. part 21, Subpart H ­ Airworthiness Certificates and
                           14C.F.R. § 91.203
                  B. 14 C.F.R. Part 27 Airworthiness Standards: Normal Category
                           Rotorcraft
                  C. 14 C.F.R. § 91.9 (c), 45.23(b) and 45.27(a): Aircraft Marking and
                           Identification Requirements.
                  D. 14 C.F.R. § 91.9(b)(2): Civil Aircraft Flight Manual in the Aircraft
                           and 14 C.F.R. § 91.203(a) and (b): Carrying Civil Aircraft
                           Certification and Registration.
                  E. 14 C.F.R. § 91.7(a): Civil Aircraft Airworthiness
                  F. 14 C.F.R. § 91.103: Pre-Flight Action.
                  G. 14 C.F.R. § 91.109(a): Flight Instruction
                  H. 14 C.F.R. § 91.119: Minimum Safe Altitudes
                  I. 14 C.F.R. § 91.121: Altimeter Settings
                  J. 14 C.F.R. § 91.151(a): Fuel Requirements for Flight in VFR
                           conditions.
                  K. 14 C.F.R. § 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(2), 91.417(a) and (b)
                           Maintenance Inspections.
                  L. 14 C.F.R. Part 61, 14 C.F.R. § 61.3, 14 C.F.R. § 113 Private Pilot
                           Privileges and Limitations.

    VI. Drug and Alcohol Programs
    VII. Public Interest
    VIII. Privacy
    IX. Federal Register Summary
    X. Conclusion
I. Description of Petitioner
As a Keller Williams Real Estate Agent and Sole Proprietor of Sell Moms Home, I, Philip
Eisenhauer am writing regarding the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (the
"Reform Act" 112 P.L. 95) and the procedures contained in 14 C.F.R.11, to request that Philip
Eisenhauer herein known as PE, an owner and operator of small unmanned aircraft, be
exempted from the Federal Aviation Regulations ("FARs") listed below so that PE may
operate its small unmanned aircraft / lightweight unmanned aircraft systems ("TAP")
commercially in airspace regulated by the Federal Aviation Administration ("FAA").
PE is a North Carolina and South Carolina Licensed Realtor, Working from the Keller
Williams Ballantyne Office, 3430 Toringdon Way, Suite 101 Charlotte, NC 28277, the
office formed in 2006 and currently employees over 367 independent agents.
PE is currently testing and has developed operational procedures for small, unmanned aircraft
and lightweight TAPs designed specifically to carry still photography and video cameras. PE
plans on operating several sizes of TAPs. Each TAP offered will have a payload limit, thereby
allowing PE to provide an aerial camera platform suitable to the weight requirement of the
camera system being used. The maximum payload limit PE requires is 30lbs. The camera
systems will range from the GoPro© with a weight of less than ¼ pound, to the various forms
of DSLR and video cameras weighing 2-3 pounds not including the weight of the TAP. PE
equips each of its small un-manned aircraft for aerial still photo and video, photography,
primarily for use in the business of Residential and Commercial Real Estate.
I have founded four businesses since 1988. Those businesses include, MetalWear Fine
Jewelry, LLC, manufacturer of gold jewelry under license of General Motors. Phil's Golf
Car Rental, LLC, Supplying golf cars to various events throughout the US, including
civilian and military Airshows. Video Call Services, LLC, Providing video
communication services to Dementia and Alzheimer's patients.
Currently working exclusively for, Keller Williams Realty, operating Sell Moms Home as
a sole proprietorship, is seeking exemptions for the purpose of producing and providing
production services for a variety still and video projects. Clients will include the
Residential and Commercial Realtors, Home Inspection Companies, Roofers, and
Individuals wanting marketing assistance without the aid of a realtor, and a host of other
venues and events fitting within PE safety requirements will also be considered.
Based in Charlotte, NC, PE requests permission to fly its TAPs commercially in both North
and South Carolina, and Florida for the purpose of recording aerial cinematography which is
to be combined with still and video photography taken indoors and outdoors using
conventional methods such as camera and tripod.
PE's has a long history of recreational use of remote control vehicles and aircraft. Beginning
in 1969 with control line airplanes and extending to the most recent technology change, the
quad-copter. This knowledge and skill set gained and improved upon, over the last 50 years,
can now be used for public's benefit.
PE's exemption request would permit its operation of lightweight, unmanned (piloted by
remote control) and comparatively inexpensive TAPs in tightly controlled and limited
airspace. PE operates only in predetermined specific locations, with written permission
of landowners, with 95% all flights held to a maximum altitude 149 feet AGL and 50
feet above the highest obstacle within a 200 foot radius, easily within a visual line of
sight.
  II. Types of Operations
           A. Request to use TAP's for R&D and training at properties owned and
                  controlled by Philip Eisenhauer, and on properties owned and controlled
                  by others with Written Permission.
           Philip Eisenhauer seeks the following exemptions to conduct training, compliance
           flights, and research at properties and facilities owned. Test areas will not be open to
           the public and access will be restricted to PE's employees, or consultants engaged in
           flight tests, training maintenance, or testing related to workers skill level and
           compliance. The primary focus of PE's R&D efforts is to evaluate how to best
           incorporate the TAP into Real Estate sales, inspection and marketing.
           B. Request to use TAP's for Survey, Inspection and Marketing of properties
               prior to any potential sale.
           Philip Eisenhauer seeks exemption to perform evaluations that will assist in

         determining value and condition of properties. Inspections and evaluation of roof
         systems and other exterior portions of buildings inaccessible because of steep pitches
         and/or limited access. Currently structures are examined at great expense of time,
         resources and risk by sending a person onto the roof structure using ladders and in some
         cases ropes. Inspection by a TAP will be less time intensive, lowering costs and
         increasing safety.
  III Relevant Statutory Authority

           This Petition for Exemption is submitted pursuant to Section 333(a) through (c) of the
  FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 ("Reform Act"). Congress has directed the FAA
  "to safely accelerate the integration of civil unmanned aircraft systems into the national airspace
  system" Pursuant to Section 333 of the Reform Act, the FAA Administrator is to permit
  unmanned aircraft systems to operate in the National Air Space ("NAS") where it is safe to do so
  based on the following considerations;
  ! Unmanned Aerial Systems (TAP) size, weight, speed and operational capabilities.
  ! Operation of the TAP 5 miles or further from airports and populated areas
  ! Operation of the TAP within the Visual Line of Sight of the operator. i

           Additionally, the FAA Administrator has the General authority to grant exemptions from
  the Agency's safety regulations and minimum standards when the Administrator decides a
  requested exemption is in the public interest. See 49 U.S.C. § 106(f) (defining the authority of
  the Administrator); 49 U.S.C. § 44701(f) permitting exemptions from §§ 44701 (a) (b) and §§
  44702-44716, et seq.) A party requesting an exemption must explain the reasons why the
  exemption: (1) Would benefit the public as a whole, and (2) Would not adversely affect safety (or
  how it would provide a level of safety at least equal to the existing rules). See 14 C.F.R. § 11.81.
  (petitions for exemption).
 IV PE's Proposed TAP Operations Meet the Requirements of Section 333 of The

         Reform Act.
         PE's proposed TAP Operations in this petition for Exemption qualify for expedited
         approval pursuant to Section 333 of the Reform Act as each of the statutory criteria,
         relevant requirements and safety factors are satisfied.

i Id at 333(b)(1)
      A. Approval is warranted, based on the TAP's Size, Weight, Speed and
           Operational Capability.

      PE will employ Tarot Ironman 650 quad-copter frames for TAP operations. All TAPs
      will employ the most up to date Navigational and Safety Protocol. Using the same
      technology as the DJI Phantom 2 Vision Plus, updatable software or equivalent. These
      TAP will have a maximum take off weight of less than 7.5 pounds, a flight speed of less
      than 35 miles per hour and will not be flown in controlled airspace, at an altitude that
      will not exceed 149 feet AGL or 50 feet higher than the tallest object within a radius of
      200 feet. All flights will be flown in such a way that they can be safely terminated with
      a reserve battery power of 25% of the battery's maximum charge. A Ground based
      tether capability of retrieving holding and retrieving the TAP under a full throttle
      condition.

      No TAPs utilized will carry any flammable propellant or fuel. All TAPs have an
      integrated GPS system that calculates the TAP's position and height, and relays that
      information via a secure connection to the operator. Additionally all TAPs will contain a
      FAILSAFE Mode if its connection to the remote control is lost. This system permits the
      return to a predetermined location and land independently of operator input without
      injury or damage.

      B. Approval is Warranted Based on the Operational Restrictions set forth in the
           Operations Manual.

     PE Operation Manual and the DJI maintenance and flight manuals contain all of the
procedures and limitations necessary to successfully perform the operations specified in the
Petition of Exemption. To assist the FSA in making a safety assessment of PE's operations,
below is a summary of operational limitations and conditions, which will ensure the
equivalent or higher level of safety for operations conducted under current regulatory
guidelines.

      1. All TAPs weights to be 7.5 pounds or less.

      2. Restrict all flights to daylight hours.

      3. Restrict all flights to "visual line of site" only maintaining the highest level of
              safety available to the pilot and observer.

      4. Maximum flight time for each operational flight will be limited to the amount of
              time the TAP can be flown and still maintain a reserve battery power of no less
              than 25%

      5. Flights will be flown at an altitude of no more than obstruction level (ie. treetop
              height, building height), or 149 feet AGL or 50 feet above the tallest object
              within a radius of 200 feet whichever is less and will not be conducted within
              navigable airspace.

      6. Flights will be operated at a lateral distance of at least 150 feet from any person
              and will notify all inhabited structures, vehicles or vessels that are not involved in
              the inspection or production.

      7. Flights will be limited to a speed of 35 mph. and vertical ascent will be limited to
              15 m.p.h.
      8. Minimum crew for each operation will consist of the TAP pilot, a Visual
              Observers (as necessary to safely conduct the mission). A Sensor/ Camera
              Operator may be used if the system involved requires human direction or control.

      9. The visual observer designated for any operation will be in voice contact with the
              Pilot at all times.

      10. All TAPs only operate for 5-20 minutes per flight;

      11. All TAPs will be operated in accordance with the requirements of its flight and
              maintenance manuals.

      12. Prior to Operation a Mission Plan will be created setting forth the limitations for
              the flight as well as the contact and hazard information.

      13. A NOTAM will be issued not more than 72 hours in advance of the flight, but not
              less than 48 hours before flight, if deemed necessary by the FAA.

      14. A certificate of authorization will be obtained prior to flight.

      15. All required permissions and permitting will be obtained form state, county or
              city jurisdictions, including local law enforcement, fire or other appropriate
              governmental agencies.

      16. The operator will coordinate all flights with the appropriate Flight Standards
              District Office.

      17. If a TAPs loses communication with the pilot, it will have the capability to return
              to pre-determined location within the operational area and land.

      18. Contingency plans will be in place to safely terminate a flight if there is loss of
              communication between pilot and the observer.

      19. All TAPs will have the capability to abort the flight in case of unpredicted
              obstacles or emergencies.

      20. PIC will have a Class III Medical Certificate.

V. Regulations from which Exemption is requested

      The Federal Aviation Act expressly grants the FAA the authority to Issue Exemptions.
This statutory authority, by its terms, includes exempting Civil Aircraft, as the term is defined
under § 40101 of the Act, including TAPs from its safety regulations and minimum standards
when the Administrator decides a requested exemption is in the public interest.
PE seeks an exemption from several interrelated provisions of 14 C.F.R. Parts 21, 45, 61, and 91
for purposes of conducting the requested operations using TAPs. Listed below:

      1. The specific sections of 14 C.F.R. for which the exemption is sought
      2. The operating procedures, and safeguards that the Petitioner has established which will

           ensure a level of safety better than or equal to the rules the exemption is sought.
      A. 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H ­ Airworthiness Certificate and 14 C.F.R. §

                 91.203(a)(1)
      The FAA has stated no exemption is necessary from this section if a finding is made under
      the Reform Act that UAVs provide an equivalent level of safety when compared to aircraft
      normally used for the same application. These criteria are met, and therefore no exemption
      is needed. See Grant of Exemption to Astraeus Aerial, Docket No. FAA2014-0352 at 13-
      14, 22. Using UAVs as TAPs and one more level of safety. If however the FAA
      determines that there are some characteristics of the TAP that fail to meet the requirements
      of the Reform Act, an exemption is requested.

                 Equivalent Level of Safety
      The TAPs operated by PE are safe when taking into account their size, weight, speed, and
      operational capability. As set forth in section II Supra the TAP weighs less than 7.5 pounds
      and will be flown at less than 35 mph, completely outside controlled airspace. TAP under
      the control of PE will not carry Pilots or Passengers, will not carry explosive materials or
      flammable liquid fuels and operate exclusively within the parameters stated in the
      Operations Manual.
      Operations under this exemption will be closely controlled and monitored by the PIC and
      Visual Observer and will be conducted in compliance with local public safety
      requirements, to provide security for the area of operation. PE will also provide the FAA
      with advance notice of all operations via NOTAMS and coordination with the local FSDO.
      In all cases the TAP operated under the proposed conditions will be at least as safe as, or
      safer than the conventional Rotorcraft operating with an airworthiness certificate without
      the restrictions and conditions of the proposed TAP operations.
      The TAP does not need a means to communicate with other aircraft or ATC. because those
      capabilities will be possessed by the Pilot and Visual Observer, whom are not onboard, See
      Grant of exemption Docket FAA-2014-0352 at13. In addition no sense and avoid
      technology is necessary on the TAP because it will be operated at all times within line of
      sight.
__________________________
      See 14 C.F.R. § 11.81(e), which requires a petition for exemption to include:

                 The reasons why granting the exemption would not adversely affect safety, or
      how the exemption would provide a level of safety at least equal to that by the rule from
      which you seek exemption.
      B. 14 C.F.R. part 27 Airworthiness Standards: Normal Category Rotorcraft

                 14 C.F.R. Part 27 Sets forth the procedural requirements for airworthiness
       certification of normal category rotorcraft. To the extent the Petitioners TAP would
       otherwise require under Part 27, Petitioner seeks an exemption from part 27's
       airworthiness standards for the same reasons identified in the request for exemption from
       14 C.F.R. Part 21, subpart H. supra.
      C. 14 C.F.R. § 91.9(c), 45.23(b) and 45.27(a): Aircraft Marking and
                 Identification Requirements
                 Philip Eisenhauer seeks an exemption from the aircraft marking and identification

      requirements contained in 14 C.F.R. §91.9(c) 45.23(b) and 45.27(a)
               a. 14 C.F.R. § 91.9(c), Civil Aircraft Flight Manual, Marking and Placard
                    requirements provide that:
                           No person may operate a US registered civil aircraft unless that
                          aircraft is identified in accordance with Part 45 of this chapter.
               b. 14 C.F.R. § 45.23(b), Markings of the Aircraft, states:
                  When marks include only the Roman capital letter "N" and the registration

      number is displayed on limited, restricted or light sport category aircraft or experimental or
      provisionally certified aircraft the operator must also display on that aircraft at each
      entrance to the cabin, cockpit or pilot station, in letters not less than 2 inches or more than 6
      inches, the words "limited", "restricted", "light sport", "experimental", or "provisional" as
      applicable.

               c. 14 C.F.R. § 45.27(a) states:
                           Each operator of a rotorcraft must display on that rotorcraft horizontally

                    on both surfaces of the cabin, fuselage, boom, or tail the marks required by §
                    45.23.

      In a previous Grant of Exemption the FAA determined that the exemption from these
requirements was warranted provided that the aircraft "have identification (N Number) markings
in accordance with 14 C.F.R. Part 45, subpart C if the markings are as large as "practicable"
FAA Docket No. FAA-2014-0352
Equivalent Level of Safety
PE will mark all aircraft with their N Number in a prominent spot on the fuselage with
markings that are as large as practicable.

      D. 14 C.F.R. §91.9(b)(2): Civil Aircraft Flight Manual in the aircraft and 14
                 C.F.R. §91.203(a) and (b): Carrying Civil Aircraft Certification and
                 Registration

 Pursuant to 14 C.F.R. § 91.9(b)(2)
 (b) No person may operate a US- registered civil aircraft...
 (2) For which an Airplane or Rotorcraft Flight Manual is required by §12.5 of this chapter,

          unless there is available in the aircraft a current approved Airplane or Rotorcraft Flight
          Manual, approved manual material, markings and placards or any combination thereof.
 Pursuant to 14 C.F.R. § 91.203 (a) and (b)
(a) Except as provided in § 91.715, no person may operate a civil aircraft unless it has within
         it the following:

                   (1) An appropriate and current airworthiness certificate...
(b) No person may operate a civil aircraft unless the airworthiness certificate required by
         paragraph (a) of this section or special flight authorization issued under §91.715 is
         displayed at the cabin or cockpit entrance so that it is legible to passengers or crew.

         PE does not request an exemption from this section but instead notifies the FAA that, in
 accordance with the FAA Office of chief Counsel's Opinion dated August 8, 2014 the TAP
 flight manual, registration certificate and other documentation will be kept at the control station
 with the PIC during flight. The Chief Counsel's Office has held that for all TAP operations this
 alternate method constitutes full compliance with the regulations.

          E. 14 C.F.R. § 91.7(a): Civil Aircraft Airworthiness

          PE seeks an Exemption from 14 C.F.R. § 91.7(a) that requires a civil aircraft be in
airworthy condition to be operated. The FAA has stated that no exemption is required to the
extent that the requirements of Part 21 are waived or found inapplicable.
Accordingly, PE requests that the requirements for section 91.7 be treated in accordance with
Section V(A), supra.

          F. 14 C.F.R. § 91.103 Preflight Action

          PE seeks an exemption from 14 C.F.R. § 91.103, that requires a PIC to become
familiar with specific information before each flight, including information contained in the
FAA­approved flight manual on board the aircraft. While the PIC will be familiar with all the
information necessary to safely conduct the flight, an exemption is requested to the extent of an
FAA-approved flight manual is required.

Equivalent Level of Safety

An equivalent level of safety will be achieved by following: the Aircraft Operations Manual and Flight
Manual. The PIC will take all required preflight actions ­ including performing all required checklists
and reviewing weather, flight requirements, battery charge, landing and takeoff distance, aircraft
performance data, and contingency landing areas, before the initiation of flight. The Operations
Manual and appropriate Flight Manual will be kept at the ground station with the operator at all times.

          G. 14 C.F.R. § 91.109(a): Flight Instructions

          PE seeks an Exemption from 14 C.F.R. § 91.109(a), which provides that "no person
may operate a civil aircraft (except a manned free balloon) that is being used for flight
instructions unless that aircraft has fully functioning dual controls" TAPs and remotely piloted
aircraft by their design, do not have dual controls. Instead, flight control is accomplished through
the use of a device that communicates with the aircraft via radio communications.

Equivalent Level of Safety

Given the size and speed of the TAPs employed by PE, an equivalent level of safe training,
can still be performed with out dual controls because no pilot or passengers are aboard the
TAP, and all persons will be in a safe distance away in the event the TAP experiences any
difficulties during flight instruction. In addition, Petitioner will conduct computer simulation
training, performed prior to any real world flights. Petitioner's employees will need to
satisfactory complete 10 hours computer simulation training, prior to performing any real
world flight training at its research and development sites. Conducted in a many to assure
safety and otherwise comply with all provisions in PE's Operations Manual for flights at the
R&D facility. Accordingly PE's proposed method of operation provides superior levels of
safety.
     H. 14 C.F.R. § 91.119: Minimum Safe Altitudes
     PE' requests an exemption from the minimum safe altitude requirements of 14 C.F.R. §
91.119. Section 91.119 prescribes the minimum safe altitudes under which aircraft may not
operate, including 500 feet above the surface and away from any person, vessel, vehicle, or
structure in non-congested areas. See 14 C.F.R. § 91.119(c). Section 91.119(d) allows for a
helicopter to operate in less than those minimum altitudes when it can be operated "without
hazard to persons or property on the surface," provided that "each person operating the helicopter
complies with any routes or altitudes specifically prescribed for helicopters by the FAA."
Equivalent Level of Safety
The FAA has stated that an equivalent level of safety can be achieved if the TAP will be
operated at 149' AGL or below within visual line of sight in addition to GPS based altitude
information relayed in real time to the operator. See Grant of Exemption to Astraeus Aerial
Docket No. FAA-2014-0352. As the attached Operations Manual indicates, all TAP flown by
PE meets these requirements, and a zero altitude initiation point will be obtained prior to
flight.

     J. 14 C.F.R. § 91.151(a): Fuel Requirements for Flight in VFR Conditions
PE requests an exemption from 14 C.F.R. 91.151(a)'s fuel requirements for flight in VFR
conditions. Section 91.151 states:

     (a) No person shall begin a flight in an airplane under VFR conditions unless
              (considering wind and weather conditions) there is enough fuel to fly to the first
              point of intended landing and, assuming normal cruising speed...
              (1) During the day, to fly after that for at least 30 minutes; or

              (2) At night, to fly after that for at least 45 minutes.

      Here the technological limitations on TAP battery power means that no meaningful
operations can be conducted while still maintaining a 30 minute reserve, PE proposes that all
flights comply with this requirement by mandating that the aircraft be safely landed with no
less than 25% of battery life remaining.
Equivalent Level of Safety
The FAA has stated that an equivalent level of safety is provided if the TAP flight is
terminated with at least 25% reserve battery power still available. See Grant of Exemption to
Astraeus Aerial, Docket No. FAA-2014-0352. The Operations Manual conforms to list limit
providing an equivalent level of safety.

      K. 14 C.F.R. 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(2), 91.417(a) and (b) Maintenance
              Inspections

      PE seeks an exemption from the from the maintenance inspection requirements
              contained in 14 C.F.R. 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(2), 91.417(a) and (b).
              These regulations specify maintenance and inspection standards in reference to
              14 C.F.R. Part 43. See, eg., 14 C.F.R. §91.405(a) (stating that each owner and
              operator of an aircraft [s] shall have the aircraft inspected as prescribed in subpart E
              of this part and shall between required inspections ...have discrepancies repaired
              and prescribed in Part 43 of this chapter"). An exemption from these regulations is
              needed because Part 43 and these sections only apply to aircraft with an
              airworthiness certificate, which the TAPs will not have.

Equivalent Level of Safety

              An equivalent level of safety will be achieved because maintenance and
inspections will be performed in accordance with the TAP Manufacturers Manual, as
referenced in the PE Operations Manual. As provided in the PE Operations Manual, flights
will not be conducted unless a flight operations checklist is performed that includes all the
aircraft components. The Operations manual also sets requirements for: pre-flight and post
flight checklists, flight operation log books, maintenance record keeping, as well as routine
pre and post-flight maintenance. The Manufacturers Operations manual sets requirements for
appropriate maintenance intervals. If no Manufacturer's Operation manual is printed for a
specific TAP, PE will use it own Operations Manual setting requirements for maintenance
intervals to achieve an Equivalent Level of Safety.

       L. 14 C.F.R. Part 61, 14 C.F.R. 61.3, 14 C.F.R. §61.113: Private Pilot Privileges
              and Limitations

PE seeks exemption from 14 C.F.R. Part 61, including 14 C.F.R. §61.3 to the extent that these
regulations require the TAP operator to have a private pilots certificate. The purpose of part 61 is
to ensure the skill and competency of any PIC matches the airspace in which the PIC will be
operating, All Flights stay completely out of regulated airspace, with a maximum Altitude of 149
feet AGL (leaving a larger safety margin of an additional 251') Petitioner has concerns that the
training and education of the persons obtaining a private or commercial pilots license is not an
adequate match for small TAP operation in low altitude, tightly controlled and limited airspace
environments, particularly given the vast differences in the control and flight profiles between
conventional aircraft and TAP. Accordingly, Petitioner believes that a requirement for a private
pilots license is unnecessary, Petitioner also believes a full knowledge all types of Airspace, of
FSDO operations, COA `s and NOTAM issuance, is necessary to maintain an Equivalent Level
of Safety. Petitioner believes this can be achieved thru satisfactory completion of a Certified
Ground School, instruction given by a FAA Certificated Flight Instructor, that covers all FAA-
mandated subject material for the Private Pilot.

Petitioner understands that FAA has the ability to impose fines, along with cease and desist
orders that are a sufficient deterrent to unsafe and reckless operations.

The March 2014 NTSB decision to overturn NTSB Administrative Law Judge in Huerta vs
Pirker now gives the FAA the authority to fine operators of TAPs for flying recklessly,
carelessly, or flying outside the boundaries of any exemption granted or sought within this
document.

In addition PE seeks exemption from 14 C.F.R. § 61.113 which restricts private pilot certificate
holders from flying aircraft for compensation or hire, and which would also require a class II
medical certificate. The purpose of this section is to ensure the skill and competency of any PIC
where the aircraft is carrying passengers or cargo for hire. In this case of this Petitioner, while the
TAP will be operated as part of a commercial operation, it carries neither, passengers or cargo. In
the Grant of Exemption in: FAA Docket No. FAA-2014-0352 the FAA determined that the
unique characteristics of TAP operation outside of controlled airspace did not warrant the
additional cost and restrictions attendant with requiring the PIC to have a commercial Pilot
certificate and class II medical certificate.
Equivalent Level of Safety
       PE seeks to ensure the safe operation by ensuring that any PIC is thoroughly versed in

airspace and communication issues pertaining to all aircraft operators but also in the unique
aspects of TAP flight. Accordingly as set forth in the PE Operations Manual PE will require
all PIC to have completed FAA ground School instruction and also have logged a minimum
of 100 takeoff/landing cycles, 20 hours of total time as a TAP rotorcraft pilot and at least 5
hours logged as a TAP PIC with similar TAP type (quad-rotor). Petitioner further states that
the PIC must have accumulated a minimum of 5 hours as TAP pilot operating the make and
model of TAP to be utilized for operations under this exemption and 3 take - off and
landings in the proceeding 90 days. In order to meet the stated national security goal outlined
by Congress in the 2012 FAA Reform Act PE will require all PIC to pass a criminal
background check at the time of hiring.

              In addition to the and experience requirements PE has placed restrictions on its
flight operations to ensure and extra margin of safety The TAP will operate in an area away
from persons and property not involved in the operation with written permission from those
involved or within a 200' radius. All Operations will be flown base on a VLOS at 149' AGL
or below, with a maximum altitude of 50' higher than the tallest obstruction within a 200'
radius. A NOTAM will be issued between 48 and 72 hours before the flight is to occur, and
the flight will be coordinated with the applicable FSDO if so directed by the FAA.

              In the event the FAA Determines that a waiver of 14 C.F.R. § 61.3 is
inappropriate, PE requests that the exemption from 14 C.F.R. § 61.113 still be granted. The
training and currency standards set forth by the PE in the attached Operations Manual are more
than adequate to provide an extra margin of safety to allow a private pilot to act as a PIC for
compensation or hire.
VI. Drug and Alcohol Program

              PE has policies in place to ensure that no person may act as a PIC, Visual
Observer or Sensor Operator if they are under the influence of alcohol or any drug.
A random drug test program will be implemented at the request of the FAA for PIC and
Visual Observers.
VII. Public Interest

              The Public interest will be served by granting PE's Petition for Exemption.
Congress has established a national policy that favors early integration of TAP into the NAS
in controlled, safe working environments such as those proposed in this Petition. In addition,
the public also has an interest in reducing hazards associated with alternate methods of
inspection and photography operations. Allowing the use of a TAP, allows close video
examination from the ground, limiting the exposure of the inspector to the physical hazards of
conducting inspections by the use of ladders and ropes. Once the inspection is complete a
more accurate value can be placed on the property, because the faults of the property will be
known. Additional still photos and video can be used to more accurately portray the property
to any potential buyer. It is a widely held view among National Realtor Associations, that a
minimum of 87% of all individual's, begin their home search on the internet, looking for
pictures and video to describe the home they are looking for.
Benefits to the public will include better descriptions of homes brought to market, and
increased sales by educating the consumer through pictures and videos. Allowing them to
become familiar with a home, subdivision or community without having to travel to and from
that community, particularly if they are being transferred from one city to another.
VIII,  Privacy

              All flights will be conducted in accordance with any federal, state, or local laws
regarding privacy. In addition PE will adopt a series of standards to protect the privacy rights
of person impacted by TAP operations.

IX. Federal Register Summary

              Pursuant to 14 C.F.R. part 11 the following Summary is Provided for publication
in the Federal Register, should it be determined that the publication is needed:

PE seeks an Exemption from the following rules:

14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H
14 C.F.R. Part 27
14 C.F.R. 45.23(b)
14 C.F.R. Part 61
14 C.F.R. 61.3
14 C.F.R. § 113
14 C.F.R. 91.7(a)
14 C.F.R. 91.9(b)(2)
14 C.F.R. 91.103
14 C.F.R. 91.109(a)
14 C.F.R. 91.119
14 C.F.R. 91.121
14 C.F.R. 91.151(a)
14 C.F.R. 91.203 (a) and (b)
14 C.F.R. 91.405(a)
14 C.F.R. 91.407(a)(1)
14 C.F.R. 91.409(a)(2)
14 C.F.R. 91.417(a) and (b)

The exemption will enhance safety by reducing risk to the general public and property owners
from the substantial hazards associated with performing equivalent work with conventional
aircraft, rotorcraft, or other methods.

X. Conclusion

              PE's Petition for Exemption satisfies the criteria articulated in Section 333 of the
Reform Act of 2012 including, weight, speed, operating Capabilities, proximity to airports
and populated areas, operation within a visual line of sight and national security. This Petition
provides more than adequate justification for the grant of the requested exemptions to permit
PE to operate described TAPs for operations described herein.

              The public interest will be served by granting PE's Petition for Exemption.
Congress has established a national policy that favors early integration of TAP into the NAS
in controlled, safe working environments such as those proposed in this Petition.

              In addition, the public also has an interest in reducing hazards associated with
alternate methods of inspection operations. Allowing the use of a TAP, allows close video
examination from the ground, limiting the exposure of the inspector to the physical hazards of
conducting inspections by the use of ladders and ropes. Once the inspection is complete a
more accurate value can be placed on the property, because the faults of the property will be
known. Additional still photos and video can be used to more accurately portray the property
to any potential buyer. It is a widely held view among National Realtor Associations, that a
minimum of 87% of all individual's, begin their home search on the internet, looking for
pictures and video to describe the home they are looking for.
              Benefits to the public will also include better descriptions of homes brought to

market, and increased sales by educating the consumer through pictures and videos. Allowing
them to become familiar with a home, subdivision or community without having to travel to
and from that community, particularly if they are being transferred from one city to another.
Sincerely,

Philip D. Eisenhauer
(Submitted in Confidence Document under 14.C.F.R. § 11.35(b) and exempt from disclosure
under the freedom of Information Act, 5 U.S.C. § 552 et seq., and any other requirements
established by the FAA pursuant to Section 333 of the Reform Act)
Attachments:

       1. PE's TAP Flight Operations and Procedures Manual
      2. PEs Pre ­Flight Checklist
      3. PEs Flight, PIC, VO, SO
      4. PE's TAP Maintenance Manual & Logbook
      5. PEs / DJI Ground Station Manual
      6. NAZA M V2 Manual
