August 6, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12361
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­1036

Mr. Scott T. Tabor
CEO
Photo Flight LLC
2044 Utley Road, Suite 1
Flint, MI 48532

Dear Mr. Tabor:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated April 9, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of Photo Flight LLC (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption. The
petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct aerial data
capture.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner are the DJI Phantom Vision Plus, DJI Inspire 1, and
BLADE 350 QX3 AP.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
                                                                                                                 2

provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Photo Flight LLC is granted an exemption from
14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c),
91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to
the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                             3

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Photo Flight LLC is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom
    Vision Plus, DJI Inspire 1, and BLADE 350 QX3 AP when weighing less than
    55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any other aircraft will require a
    new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
    not permitted.

3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
    exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
    compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
    airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
    aircraft manufacturer.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.

    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
    electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
    must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
    required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
                                                                                                            4

    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.
                                                                                                            5

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.
                                                                                                            6

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

    The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
    nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
    reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
    contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.
                                                                                                                 7

 If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
 television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                      8

This exemption terminates on August 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,
/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
Photo Flight LLC         (810) 309-9160
2044 Utley Rd ­ Suite 1
Flint, MI 48532                                    April 9, 2015

U.S. Department of Transportation
Docket Management System
1200 New Jersey Ave. SE Washington, DC 20590

Re: Exemption Request Section 333 of the FAA Reform Act

Dear Sir/Madam,

This petition is being submitted on our own behalf without legal counsel or consulting services.
Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (the Reform Act), and
14 C.F.R. Part 11, Photo Flight LLC, a Michigan based limited liability company operating a Small
Unmanned Aircraft System (sUAS) equipped to conduct aerial photography and survey for various
industries, hereby applies for an exemption from the Federal Aviation Regulations (FARs) listed
below to allow operation of our sUAS commercially in airspace regulated by the Federal Aviation
Administration (FAA) so long as such operations are conducted with and under the conditions
outlined herein or as may be established by the FAA as required by Section 333.

The requested exemption would permit Photo Flight LLC to pursue its commercial interests in
providing services to consumers interested aerial data capture using small advanced sUAS in the
following areas:

      Real Estate Photography
      Agricultural Surveying
      Special Events Photography

Photo Flight LLC states that all sUAS flights will occur over private or controlled access property
and will only do so with the property owner's prior consent and knowledge and not before a
thorough inspection and survey of the property.
Photo Flight LLC sUAS operators have completed a minimum of 80 hours of flight and training
including at least 40 hours indoor flight training regarding safety, maintenance, calibrations,
maneuvering and controls with an additional 40 hours minimum of outdoor flight training and
practice before being permitted to fly commercially. All sUAS operators must pass a physical and be
in good sound medical and mental health.
Photo Flight LLC is requesting exemption from the following regulations:

      14 C.F.R. Part 21
      14 C.F.R. 45.23 (b)
      14 C.F.R. 61.113(a) and (b)
      14 C.F.R. 91.7 (a)
      14 C.F.R. 91.9 (b) (2)
      14 C.F.R. 91.109
      14 C.F.R. 91.119
      14 C.F.R. 91.121
      14 C.F.R. 91.151(a)
      14 C.F.R. 91.203 (a) & (b)
      14 C.F.R. 91.205 (b)
      14 C.F.R. 91.215
      14 C.F.R. (91.401 - 91.417)

Unmanned Aircraft System

sUAS are a feasible method to obtain information of agricultural cropland to determine optimum
inputs that result in cost savings to farmers, yield security, and reduce environmental impact of
excess fertilizers and chemicals in the soil. Additionally Aerial Real Estate Photography is growing
in popularity and is a chosen method for highlighting and showing overviews of property for
potential sale.

We are petitioning for exemption to enable Photo Flight LLC to operate a DJI Phantom 2 Vision
Plus multi-rotor equipped with a three-axis gimbaled camera, a DJI Inspire 1 multi-rotor equipped
with a three-axis gimbaled camera, and a BLADE 350 QX3 AP multi-rotor equipped with a three-
axis gimbaled camera. These sUAS all weigh less than 25 lbs., have a built-in capability to limit
the height it flies above the ground and to limit the radius of the distance it flies from the
operator. Each system also has the failsafe function of the autopilot Return Home feature. This
feature can be activated manually by the sUAV operator and is activated automatically if
communication between the Main Controller and the transmitter is lost. Once activated either
manually or by a transmitter communication error, the system will automatically trigger Return to
Home and the sUAS will land safely near the GPS coordinates in which it raised from.

Safety is of the top most concern at Photo Flight LLC. We have implemented policy and
procedures to ensure safe operations. The following are some of the basic safety rules and
procedures in place:

      All sUAS equipment has firmware coded flight restrictions limiting above ground flight to
          115 meters (approximately 377 feet) above ground and 200 meters (approximately 656
          feet) Geo Fence restricting the sUAS to travel no further than 200 meters from the sUAS
          operator.

      Once a week Accelerometer and Pressure sensor calibrations will be done in a controlled
          environment.

      Once a month calibrations will be monitored through diagnostics software and firmware's
          verified and updated if necessary.

      Any updated firmware will be fully tested in a controlled environment for at least 1 hour
          worth of flight time before being flown commercially.

      No flights will be permitted after 30 minutes before sunset and sUAS will never be flown in
          the path of any aircraft.

      Before each flight a compass calibration will be done on site along with preflight
          mechanical inspections including battery levels in the sUAS and transmitter.
      Before each flight a property survey will be done checking for power lines, antennas, trees,
          and any overhead objects. Wind conditions will be monitored and also be factored before
          flying.

      Only a fully charged and balanced battery is to be used at each take off.
      While in flight either the sUAS operator or secondary visual observer must be able to see

          the indicator LED light affixed to the sUAS.
      No flight will ever exceed 8 minutes. At the beginning of each flight a timer will be

          activated. At 7 minutes the timer will go off alerting the sUAS operator to begin to land.
          If a battery alert is indicated on the always visible LED prior to the 7 minute timer
          expiration the sUAS is to be landed immediately and the battery recycled or discarded
          safely as it proved to be defective.

The above specifications and safety precautions meet and exceed standards listed below, some
derived in accordance with the Model Aircraft Operating Standards:

      The petitioner will only operate its sUAS in line of sight of the sUAS operator and
          secondary visual observer and will operate at sites that are a 'sufficient distance' from
          populated areas within the sterile area described in the operator's manual. Such
          operations will insure that the sUAS will "not create a hazard to users of the national
          airspace system or the public."

      Maximum flight time for each operational flight will be 8 minutes.
      Flights will be terminated at 25% battery power reserve should that occur prior to the 8

          minute limit.
      The sUAV will be programmed so that it will be operated at an altitude of no more than

          378 feet AGL.
      Minimum crew for each operation will consist of the sUAS Operator and a second Visual

          Observer. At no time will the sUAS pilot or the secondary observer be out of line of sight
          from the sUAS.
      The sUAS operated by the petitioner weighs less than 25 pounds, including the payload
          (i.e. camera, lens, and gimbal).
      The sUAS will operate at speeds of no more than 55 knots.
      Given the small size of the sUAS and the restricted sterile environment within which they
          will operate, our sUAS operations adhere to the Reform Act's safety requirements.

We respectfully request exemption under Section 333 to enable Photo Flight LLC to operate safe,
low-risk commercial sUAV operations for the activities stated. Photo Flight LLC at all times will
respect the space and privacy of citizens and property while keeping our skies safe.

Sincerely,

Scott T. Tabor
CEO / Photo Flight LLC
2044 UTLEY RD SUITE 1
Flint, MI 48532
(810) 309-9160
