June 5, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 11742
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­0890

Mr. Mike Leahy, P.E., P.S.M.
Pickett & Associates, Inc.
475 South First Avenue
Bartow, Florida 33830

Mr. Richard E. Doran
Mr. Steven M. Hogan
Attorneys for Pickett & Associates, Inc.
Ausley McMullen
123 South Calhoun Street
Tallahassee, FL 32301

Dear Messrs. Leahy, Doran and Hogan:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated March 30, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of Pickett & Associates, Inc. (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption. The
petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct aerial
surveying and mapping services.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner. However, the FAA
received one comment opposing the petition. In granting this exemption, the FAA has
                                                                                                                 2

determined that the proposed operations can safely be conducted under the conditions and
limitations of this exemption. As with exemptions issued to Aeryon Lab, Astraeus Aerial,
Clayco, Inc., and VDOS Global, LLC, failure to comply with the document's conditions and
limitations is grounds for immediate suspension or rescission of the exemption.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner are the Steadidrone QU4D-X 4 andDJI Inspire 1

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21 and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                                  3

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Pickett & Associates, Inc. is granted an exemption from
14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c),
91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to
the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Pickett & Associates, Inc. is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the Steadidrone
    QU4D-X 4 and DJI Inspire 1 when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload.

    Proposed operations of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to

    amend this exemption.

2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
    not permitted.

3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
    exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
    compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
    airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
    aircraft manufacturer.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.

    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
    electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
                                                                                                            4

    must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
    required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.
                                                                                              5

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.
                                                                                                            6

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

    The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
    nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
                                                                                               7

Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical

    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be

    reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions

    contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
    as documented in this grant of exemption.

30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
    exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
    District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
    notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
    must include at least the following:
      a. Dates and times for all flights;
      b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
          under this grant of exemption;
      c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
          the UAS;
      d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
      e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
      f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
          and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
          who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
      g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
      h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
          town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
          essential to accomplish the operation.

31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons

    consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
    exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                    8

This exemption terminates on June 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.
Sincerely,

John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
                 AUSLEY MCMULLEN

                                                    ATTORNEYS AND COUNSELORS AT LAW

                                                                                       123 SOUTH CALHOUN STREET
                                                                                           P.O. BOX 391 (ZIP 32302)

                                                                                       TALLAHASSEE, FLORIDA 32301
                                                                                (850) 224-9115 FAX (850) 222-7560

                                                                                                     www.ausley.com

                                                 March 30, 2015

Via Electronic Submission and U.S. Mail
Docket Operations
U.S. Department of Transportation
West Building, Ground Floor
1200 New Jersey Avenue, S.E.
Washington, D.C. 20590

         Re: Application for Exemption from Specified Aviation Regulations Under Section
                  333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012.
                  Applicant: Pickett & Associates, Inc.
                                    Attn: Mike Leahy, P.E., P.S.M.
                                    475 S. First Avenue
                                    Bartow, Florida 33830
                                    Telephone: (813) 404-1555
                                    Email: mleahy@usimaging.com

Dear Sir or Madam:

         Please accept this letter as the application of Pickett & Associates, Inc. for exemption
from certain provisions of the Code of Federal Regulations. This exemption request is submitted
under Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 ("FMRA").

         Pickett & Associates, Inc. (the "Applicant") is a licensed surveying and mapping firm
located in Bartow, Florida. The Applicant provides turnkey surveying, aerial remote sensing and
mapping services for commercial, government, and agricultural operations. The Applicant has
been operating manned aircraft imaging systems for over 20 years and has extensive experience
throughout the United States and Caribbean. The Applicant's staff has trained on and operated
unmanned systems for over five years. The Applicant submits this exemption request in order to
offer meet the needs of its clients in an efficient and safe manner through the use of small
unmanned aircraft systems Small Unmanned Aircraft Systems ("sUAS").

         The Applicant requests exemption from the following regulations: 14 C.F.R. Part 21,
Subpart H; 14 C.F.R. § 45.23(b); 14 C.F.R. § 61.113(a), (b); 14 C.F.R. § 91.7(a); 14 C.F.R. §
91.9(b)(2); 14 C.F.R. § 91.103; 14 C.F.R. § 91.109; 14 C.F.R. § 91.119(b), (c); 14 C.F.R. §
91.121; 14 C.F.R. § 91.151(a); 14 C.F.R. § 91.203(a), (b); 14 C.F.R. § 91.405(a); 14 C.F.R. §
91.407(a)(1); 14 C.F.R. § 91.409(a)(1)-(2); and 14 C.F.R. § 91.417(a), (b).

                              Summary of Applicant's Scope of Operation

         The Applicant proposes to use the sUAS platform as an extension to our traditional aerial
surveying and mapping services. Services will include inspections of electric transmission line
corridors for utility companies, mapping for phosphate mining environmental remediation sites,
agriculture crop lands imaging, stockpile inventory mapping as well as other surveying and
mapping needs that can be best accomplished with low altitude remote sensing. These services
will be referred to in this application as the "Proposed Operations." The Applicant's Proposed
Operations will be performed largely in the rural Central Florida area.

         Each operation will be initiated following a discrete COA application or under a
"blanket" COA issued by the FAA.1 The COAs governing the Applicant's operations will clearly
define the area of each flight (the "Operations Areas"). These Operations Areas will be primarily
rural and will be only minimally accessible to the public. Remote industrial areas such as the
phosphate mining areas in Central Florida are ideal for aerial inspection using sUAS technology.
By conducting these inspections in adherence to the FAA's regulations applicable to sUAS
platforms, the Applicant intends to provide a professional example that can be used to benefit
both manned and unmanned operations in the National Airspace System ("NAS").

         The Applicant has developed a "UAS Flight Operations & Safety Guide" (the
"Operations Guide") that sets forth the standards for performing the Proposed Operations. The
Operations Guide provides a baseline to ensure that all operations are conducted safely within
the NAS.2

1 The FAA recently announced that it has adopted a policy of issuing "blanket" COAs at the
same time exemption requests are approved. The Applicant will operate under the terms of a
blanket COA should one be issued when this exemption request is granted.
2 A copy of the Operations Guide is enclosed as Attachment 1. The Operations Guide is
submitted as a Confidential Document under 14 C.F.R. § 11.35(b). The entire Operations Guide
contains proprietary information that the Applicant has not and will not share with others. The
Operations Guide contains operating conditions and procedures that are not available to the
public and are protected from release under 5 U.S.C. section 552, et seq. A hard copy of the
Operations Guide will be submitted under a separate cover letter referencing the docket number
of this exemption request.

                                                          2
         Relative to transmission line corridors, the purpose of the Applicant's Proposed
Operations will be to enhance incident response times and improve the safety of transmission
line inspections with a number of objectives. These objectives include, but are not limited to, the
following: (1) Storm Response; (2) Transmission Line Inspection; (3) NERC Compliance;3 (4)
Vegetation Analysis; (5) Environmental Compliance. Relative to phosphate mining
environmental remediation, the objective is to provide repeatable, low altitude imagery to
monitor the progress of plant growth or other remediation objectives.

         The Applicant will work in full cooperation with utility and mining companies and
property owners to undertake the Proposed Operations. All operations will be performed by
qualified, trained personnel that have current private pilot certificates. The Applicant's Pilots in
Command ("PICs") will be specifically trained to operate the sUAS used in the Applicant's
operations.

                                 Aircraft and Equivalent Level of Safety

         The Applicant's commercial operations will take place in Operations Areas defined by
the Applicant's COA applications submitted prior to each commercial flight, or in adherence to
the terms of a "blanket" COA issued by the FAA. The sUAS operations in these Operations
Areas will pose little risk of injury or property damage.

         The Applicant proposes to use the following sUAS platforms for its operations under this
application:

         1. Steadidrone QU4D-X 4
         2. DJI Inspire 1 5

3 "NERC" is an acronym for the North American Electric Reliability Corporation. NERC
establishes reliability standards for bulk power systems in North America.
4 The SteadiDrone QU4D-X Operations Manual is enclosed as Attachment 2. The SteadiDrone
QU4D-X will be operated with a Futaba FASSTest-2.4 GHz 14SG controller. The Instruction
Manual for this controller is enclosed as Attachment 3. Steadidrone systems have been approved
by the FAA for research COAs and have a demonstrated safety track record. Steadidrone
systems have performed well for customers in the military, educational, and commercial markets
in the United States, Canada, United Kingdom, Australia, and Germany.
5 The User Manual for the DJI Inspire 1 is enclosed as Attachment 4. The Safety Guidelines for
the DJI Inspire 1 is enclosed as Attachment 5. The Maintenance Manual for the DJI Inspire 1 is
enclosed as Attachment 6.

                                                          3
These platforms all weigh less than 55 pounds, including energy sources and equipment.
Manufacturer-provided manuals and guidelines are enclosed with this application (the
"Manufacturer Instructions"). The The Manufacturer Instructions will be used in conjunction
with the Applicant's Operations Guide to ensure that the sUAS are operated safely.

         The Applicant will apply to register the sUAS platforms with the FAA prior to
conducting operations. These registrations will be in accordance with the FAA's guidance to
COA holders from the FAA UAS Integration Office dated November 5, 2014, as the same may
be updated from time to time.

         The Applicant agrees to be bound by the following limitations and conditions when
conducting commercial operations under an FAA-issued exemption:

         1. The sUAS will weigh less than 55 lbs including energy sources and equipment.
         2. The sUAS will be flown at a speed less than a ground speed of 50 knots.
         3. Flights will be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet AGL.
         4. Flights will be operated within line of sight of the Pilot in Command (PIC) at all

                  times.
         5. All operations will utilize a visual observer (VO). The VO and PIC will be in

                  communications at all times.
         6. The Applicant's Operations Guide as approved, will be maintained and made

                  available to the Administrator upon request.
         7. Prior to each flight, the PIC will inspect the sUAS to ensure it is in a condition for

                  safe flight.
         8. Any sUAS that undergoes maintenance or alteration that affects the sUAS

                  operation or flight characteristics will undergo a functional test flight in
                  accordance with the Operations Guide.
         9. We will follow the manufacturer's sUAS aircraft/component, maintenance,
                  overhaul, replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements. The following will
                  be included in the Operations Guide:
                  a. Actuators / Servos
                  b. Transmission (single rotor)
                  c. Powerplant (motors)
                  d. Propellers
                  e. Electronic speed controller
                  f. Batteries
                  g. Mechanical dynamic components (single rotor)
                  h. Remote command and control
                  i. Ground control station

                                                          4
         j. Any other components as determined by the operator
10. The PIC will possess at least a private pilot certificate and at least a current third-

         class medical certificate. The PIC will also meet the flight review requirements
         specified in 14 CFR 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his/her pilot
         certificate.
11. Prior to operations for the purpose of transmission line inspection, the PIC will
         have accumulated and logged, in a manner consistent with 14 C.F.R. § 61.51(b), a
         minimum of 200 flight cycles and 25 hours of total time as an sUAS rotorcraft
         pilot and at least 10 hours logged as an sUAS pilot with a similar sUAS type.
12. Prior to operations for the purpose of transmission line inspection, the PIC will
         have accumulated and logged, in a manner consistent with 14 CFR 61.51(b), a
         minimum of 5 hours as an sUAS pilot 3 take offs and 3 landings in the preceding
         90 days.
13. Prior to any flight operations, the PIC and VO will successfully complete a
         qualification process as defined in the Operations Guide.
14. Prior to operations for the purpose of transmission line inspection, a flight
         demonstration, administered by an operator approved and qualified pilot will be
         successfully completed and documented.
15. The sUAS will not be operated directly over any person below an altitude that is
         hazardous to persons or property on the surface in the event of an sUAS failure or
         emergency.
16. Regarding the distance from participating persons, the Operations Guide has
         safety mitigations for authorized and consenting personnel.
17. If the sUAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the sUAS will return to
         a pre-determined location within the security perimeter and land or be recovered
         in accordance with the Operations Guide.
18. The sUAS will abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or
         emergencies in accordance with the Operations Guide.
19. Maximum total flight time for each operational flight will be 30 minutes. Flights
         will be terminated at 25% battery power reserve should that occur prior to the 30
         minute limit.
20. The Applicant will obtain an Air Traffic Organization (ATO) issued Certificate of
         Waiver or Authorization (COA) prior to conducting any operations under the
         grant of exemption. The COA will require the operator to request a Notice to
         Airman (NOTAM) not more than 72 hours in advance, but not less than 48 hours
         prior to the operation. In the event that a "blanket" COA issued by the FAA
         contains different requirements, those requirements will be adhered to by the
         Applicant in any Proposed Operation.

                                                 5
21. If required, the word "Experimental" will be placed on the fuselage in compliance
         with § 45.29 (f). The equivalent level of safety will be provided by having the
         sUAS marked on its fuselage as required by § 45.29(f) where the pilot, observer
         and others working with the sUAS will see the identification of the sUAS as
         "Experimental." The FAA has issued the following exemptions to this regulation
         to Exemptions Nos. 10700, 8738, 10167 and 10167A. The FAA has also waived
         the marking requirement entirely in other Section 333 Exemption applications,
         such as Exemptions Nos. 11109 and 11110.

22. The Applicant will document and maintain a record of the sUAS maintenance,
         preventative maintenance, alterations, status of replacement/overhaul component
         parts, and the total time in service of the sUAS. These procedures are set forth in
         the Operations Guide.

23. Each sUAS operated under this exemption will comply with all manufacturer
         Safety Bulletins.

24. The Applicant will outline sUAS technician qualification criteria. These criteria
         are set forth in the Operations Guide.

25. The pre-flight inspection will account for all discrepancies, i.e. inoperable
         components, items, or equipment, not covered in the relevant pre-flight inspection
         sections of the Operations Guide.

26. The radio frequency spectrum used for operation and control of the sUAS will
         comply with the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) or other
         appropriate government oversight agency requirements.

27. At least 3 days before flight operations, we will submit a written Plan of
         Activities to the local FSDO with jurisdiction over the area to be flown. The Plan
         of Activities will include at least the following:
         a. Dates and times for all flights.
         b. Name and phone number of the operator for the sUAS flight conducted
                  under the grant of this exemption.
         c. Name and phone number of the PIC for the sUAS flight conducted under
                  the grant of this exemption.
         d. Make, model and serial or N-number of sUAS to be used.
         e. Name and certificate number of sUAS PIC.
         f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property
                  owners and/or local officials to conduct the flight.
         g. Signature of exemption holder or representative.
         h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of the area
                  where the flight will be conducted.

                                                 6
28. The documents required under 14 C.F.R. sections 91.9 and 91.203 will be
         available to the PIC at the ground control station of the sUAS any time the aircraft
         is operating.

29. The sUAS will remain clear and yield the right of way to all other manned
         operations and activities at all times (including, but not limited to, ultralight
         vehicles, parachute activities, parasailing activities, hang gliders, etc.).

30. sUAS operation will be conducted during daylight hours.
31. The sUAS will be operated by the PIC as he/she is stationary, i.e., not from any

         moving device or vehicle.
32. The sUAS will not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet

         horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the
         PIC.
33. The sUAS will not operate in Class B, C, or D airspace without written approval
         from the FAA. The sUAS will not operate within 5 nautical miles of the
         geographic center of a non-towered airport as denoted on a current FAA-
         published aeronautical chart unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
         management is obtained and the operation is conducted in accordance with a
         NOTAM as required by the operator's COA.
34. Any 1) incident, 2) accident, or 3) flight operation that transgresses the lateral or
         vertical boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA will
         be reported to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours.
         Accidents will be reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB)
         per instructions contained on the NTSB Web site. Further flight operations will
         not be conducted until the incident, accident, or transgression is reviewed by
         AFS-80 and authorization to resume operations is provided.

Regulations From Which the Applicant Requests Exemption

The Applicant requests exemption from the following regulations:

14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H
14 C.F.R. § 45.23(b)
14 C.F.R. § 61.113(a), (b)
14 C.F.R. § 91.7(a)
14 C.F.R. § 91.9(b)(2)
14 C.F.R. § 91.103
14 C.F.R. § 91.109
14 C.F.R. § 91.119(b), (c)
14 C.F.R. § 91.121

                              7
         14 C.F.R. § 91.151(a)
         14 C.F.R. § 91.203(a), (b)
         14 C.F.R. § 91.405(a)
         14 C.F.R. § 91.407(a)(1)
         14 C.F.R. § 91.409(a)(1)-(2)
         14 C.F.R. § 91.417(a), (b)

         The sUAS platforms the Applicant seeks approval to use through this exemption request
is a rotorcraft that weighs 55 or fewer pounds including payload.6 They operate, under normal
conditions at a speed of no more than 50 knots and have the capability to hover, and move in the
vertical and horizontal plane simultaneously. They will operate only in line of sight and will
operate only within the Operations Areas described in the COAs that govern each flight. These
operations will ensure that the sUAS will "not create a hazard to users of the national airspace
system or the public," as contemplated by Section 333(b) of FMRA.

         Given the small size of the sUAS involved and the restricted environment within which
they will operate, the applicant falls squarely within that zone of safety (an equivalent level of
safety) in which Congress envisioned that the FAA must, by exemption, allow commercial
operations of sUAS to commence immediately. Also due to the size of the sUASs and the
restricted areas in which the relevant sUAS will operate, approval of the application presents no
national security issue. Given the clear direction in Section 333 of the FMRA, the authority
contained in the Federal Aviation Act, as amended; the strong equivalent level of safety
surrounding the proposed operations, and the significant public benefit, including enhanced
safety, reduction in environmental impacts, including reduced emissions associated with
allowing sUAS for transmission line inspections and environmental remediation studies over
phosphate mines, it is in the public interest to grant the requested exemption. Accordingly, the
applicant respectfully requests that the FAA grant the requested exemption without delay.

                              Narrative Regarding Requested Exemptions

14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H: Airworthiness Certificates 14 C.F.R. § 91.203(a)(1)

         The FAA has previously determined that no airworthiness certification is necessary for
sUAS platforms. See, e.g., Exemption No. 11110. The Applicant therefore believes that no
exemption is necessary from Part 21, Subpart H.

6 The Applicant's sUAS normally weighs approximately 30 pounds, depending on payload and
battery weight.

                                                          8
         To the extent that the FAA finds that Part 21 is applicable to the Applicant's proposed
operations, the Applicant requests an exemption from it. Subpart H, entitled Airworthiness
Certificates, establishes the procedural requirements for the issuance of airworthiness certificates
as required by 14 C.F.R. § 91.203(a)(1). Given the size and limited operating area associated
with the sUAS platforms to be utilized by the Applicant, an exemption from Part 21 Subpart H
meets the requirements of an equivalent level of safety under Part 11 and Section 333 of the
FMRA. The Federal Aviation Act (49 U.S.C.§ 44701(f)) and Section 333 of the FMRA both
authorize the FAA to exempt aircraft from the requirement for an airworthiness certificate upon
consideration of the size, weight, speed, operational capability, and proximity to airports and
populated areas of the particular sUAS. In all cases, an analysis of these criteria demonstrates
that the sUAS operated without an airworthiness certificate, in the restricted environment and
under the conditions proposed will be at least as safe, or safer, than a conventional aircraft
operating with an airworthiness certificate without the restrictions and conditions proposed.

         The sUAS platforms to be operated under this exemption all weigh less than 55 pounds,
fully loaded. The platforms carry no pilots or passengers, no explosive materials or flammable
liquid fuels, and will operate exclusively within the Operations Areas defined in this application.
Operations under this exemption will be tightly controlled and monitored by the operator. The
FAA will have advance notice of all operations. These safety enhancements provide a greater
degree of safety to the public and property owners than conventional operations conducted with
airworthiness certificates issued under 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H. Application of these same
criteria demonstrates that there is no credible threat to national security posed by the sUAS
platforms due to their size, speed of operation, location of operation, lack of explosive materials
or flammable liquid fuels, and inability to carry a substantial external load.

14 C.F.R. § 45.23(b). Marking of the Aircraft

         The FAA has previously determined that an exemption from § 45.23(b) is not required
for sUAS platforms that do not need to be certified under Part 21. See, e.g., Exemption No.
11110. The Applicant therefore believes that no exemption is necessary from 14 C.F.R.
§ 45.23(b). To the extent that the FAA finds that § 45.23(b) is applicable to the Applicant's
intended operations, the Applicant requests an exemption therefrom as follows.

         The regulation requires:

                  When marks include only the Roman capital letter "N" and the
                  registration number is displayed on limited, restricted or light-sport
                  category aircraft or experimental or provisionally certificated
                  aircraft, the operator must also display on that aircraft near each

                                                          9
                  entrance to the cabin, cockpit, or pilot station, in letters not less
                  than 2 inches nor more than 6 inches high, the words "limited,"
                  "restricted," "light-sport," "experimental," or "provisional," as
                  applicable.

         Even though the sUAS will have no airworthiness certificate, an exemption may be
needed as the sUAS will have no entrance to the cabin, cockpit or pilot station on which the
word "Experimental" can be placed. Given the size of the sUAS, two-inch lettering will be
impossible. The word "Experimental" will be placed on the fuselage in compliance with § 45.29
(f).

         The equivalent level of safety will be provided by having the sUAS marked on its
fuselage as required by § 45.29(f) where the pilot, observer and others working with the sUAS
will see the identification of the sUAS as "Experimental." The FAA has issued the following
exemptions to this regulation to Exemptions Nos. 10700, 8738, 10167 and 10167A.

14 C.F.R. § 61.113 (a) & (b): Private Pilot Privileges and Limitations: Pilot in Command

         Sections 61.113 (a) & (b) limit private pilots to non-commercial operations. Because the
sUAS will not carry a pilot or passengers, the proposed operations can achieve the equivalent
level of safety of current operations by requiring the PIC operating the aircraft to have a private
pilot's certificate rather than a commercial pilot's certificate to operate this sUAS. Unlike a
conventional aircraft that carries the pilot and passengers, the sUAS is remotely controlled with
no living thing on board. The area of operation is controlled and restricted, and all flights are
planned and coordinated in advance as set forth in the Operations Guide. The level of safety
provided by the requirements included in the Operations Guide exceeds that provided by a single
individual holding a commercial pilot's certificate operating a conventional aircraft. The risks
associated with the operation of the sUAS are so diminished from the level of risk associated
with commercial operations contemplated by Part 61 when drafted, that allowing operations of
the sUAS as requested with a private pilot as the PIC exceeds the present level of safety achieved
by 14 C.F.R. §61.113 (a) & (b). The FAA has approved sUAS operations with a private pilot's
certificate in other exemptions. See, e.g., Exemption No. 11110.

14 C.F.R. § 91.7(a): Civil aircraft airworthiness

         The regulation requires that no person may operate a civil aircraft unless it is in airworthy
condition. As there will be no airworthiness certificate issued for the aircraft, should this
exemption be granted, no FAA regulatory standard will exist for determining airworthiness.
Given the size of the aircraft and the requirements contained in the Operations Guide for

                                                         10
maintenance and use of safety check lists prior to each flight, an equivalent level of safety will be
provided. The Applicant will ensure that the sUAS is in an airworthy condition prior to each
flight based on compliance with the specifications in the Operations Guide.

14 C.F.R. § 91.9(b)(2): Civil Aircraft Flight Manual in the Aircraft

         Section 91.9(b)(2) provides:

                  No person may operate a U.S.-registered civil aircraft ...

                  (2) For which an Airplane or Rotorcraft Flight Manual is not
                  required by § 21.5 of this chapter, unless there is available in the
                  aircraft a current approved airplane or Rotorcraft Flight Manual,
                  approved manual material, markings, and placards, or any
                  combination thereof.

         The sUAS platforms, given their size and configuration, have no ability or place to carry
a flight manual. An equivalent level of safety will be maintained by keeping the flight manual at
the ground control point where the pilot flying the sUAS will have immediate access to it. The
FAA has issued the following exemptions to this regulation: Exemption Nos. 8607, 8737, 8738,
9299, 9299A, 9565, 9565B, 10167, 10167A, 10602, 32827, and 10700. The FAA has previously
determined that an exemption from this regulation is not necessary, as relevant materials may be
kept in a location accessible to the PIC and not on the sUAS itself. See Exemption No. 11110.

14 C.F.R. § 91.103: Preflight action

         This regulation requires each pilot in command to take certain actions before flight to
insure the safety of flight. As FAA approved rotorcraft flight manuals will not be provided for
the aircraft an exemption will be needed. An equivalent level of safety will be provided as set
forth in the Operations Guide. The PIC will take all actions including reviewing weather, flight
battery requirements, landing and takeoff distances and aircraft performance data before
initiation of flight. The PIC will account for all relevant site-specific conditions in the preflight
procedures. The FAA has granted exemption from this regulation to other sUAS operators. See
Exemption No. 11109.

14 C.F.R. § 91.109: Flight instruction

         Section 91.103 provides that no person may operate a civil aircraft (except a manned free
balloon) that is being used for flight instruction unless that aircraft has fully functioning dual

                                                         11
controls. By their design, sUAS and remotely piloted aircraft do not have fully functional dual
controls. Flight control is accomplished through the use of a control box that communicates with
the aircraft via radio communications. The FAA has approved exemptions for flight training
without fully functional dual controls for a number of aircraft and for flight instruction in
experimental aircraft. See Exemption Nos. 5778K and 9862A. The equivalent level of safety
provided by the fact that neither a pilot nor passengers will be carried in the aircraft and by the
size and speed of the aircraft.

14 C.F.R. § 91.119: Minimum safe altitudes

         Section 91.119 establishes safe altitudes for operation of civil aircraft. Section 91.119(d)
allows helicopters to be operated at less than the minimums prescribed, provided the person
operating the helicopter complies with any route or altitudes prescribed for helicopters by the
FAA. As this exemption is for an sUAS that is similar to a helicopter and the exemption requests
authority to operate at altitudes up to 400 AGL, an exemption may be needed to allow such
operations. As set forth herein, except for the limited conditions stated in the Operations Guide,
the sUAS will never operate at higher than 400 AGL.

         The equivalent level of safety will be achieved given the size, weight, speed of the sUAS
as well as the location where it is operated. No flight will be taken without the permission of the
property owner or local officials. Because of the advance notice to the property owner and
participants in the activity, all affected individuals will be aware of the planned flight operations
as set forth in the Operations Guide. In addition, the low-altitude operations of the sUAS will
ensure separation between these sUAS operations and the operations of conventional aircraft that
must comply with Section 91.119.

14 C.F.R. § 91.121: Altimeter Settings

         This regulation requires each person operating an aircraft to maintain cruising altitude by
reference to an altimeter that is set "...to the elevation of the departure airport or an appropriate
altimeter setting available before departure." As the sUAS may not have a barometric altimeter,
but instead a GPS altitude read out, an exemption may be needed. An equivalent level of safety
will be achieved by the operator, pursuant to the Operations Guide and Manufacturer
Instructions, confirming the altitude of the launch site shown on the GPS altitude indicator
before flight.

                                                         12
14 C.F.R. § 91.151(a): Fuel Requirements for Flight in VFR Conditions

         Section 91.151 (a) prohibits an individual from beginning "a flight in an airplane under
VFR conditions unless (considering wind and forecast weather conditions) there is enough fuel
to fly to the first point of intended landing, and, assuming normal cruising speed ­ (1) During the
day, to fly after that for at least 30 minutes; or (2) At night, to fly after that for at least 45
minutes."

         Given the limitations on the proposed Operations Areas, a longer time frame for VFR
conditions is reasonable. Applicant believes that an exemption from 14 CFR § 91.151(a) falls
within the scope of prior exemptions. See Exemption 10673 (allowing Lockheed Martin
Corporation to operate without compliance with 14 C.F.R. § 91.151 (a)).

         Operating the sUAS platforms in controlled Operations Areas does not engender the type
of risks that Section 91.151(a) was intended to alleviate given the size and speed of the sUAS
platforms. Similar exemptions have been granted to other operations, including Exemptions
2689F, 5745, 10673, and 10808.

14 C.F.R. § 91.203 (a) and (b): Carrying Civil Aircraft Certification and Registration

         The FAA has previously determined that no airworthiness certification is necessary for
sUAS platforms. See, e.g., Exemption No. 11110. The Applicant therefore believes that no
exemption is necessary from § 91.203. However, to the extent that the FAA finds that section
91.203 is applicable to the Applicant's operations, the Applicant requests an exemption
therefrom.

         The regulation provides in pertinent part:

                  (a) Except as provided in § 91.715, no person may operate a
                  civil aircraft unless it has within it the following:

                  (1) An appropriate and current airworthiness certificate. . . .

                  (b) No person may operate a civil aircraft unless the
                  airworthiness certificate required by paragraph (a) of this section
                  or a special flight authorization issued under §91.715 is displayed
                  at the cabin or cockpit entrance so that it is legible to passengers or
                  crew.

                                                         13
         The sUAS fully loaded weighs no more than 55 lbs and is operated without an onboard
pilot. As such, there is no ability or place to carry certification and registration documents or to
display them on the sUAS.

         An equivalent level of safety will be achieved by keeping these documents at the ground
control point where the pilot flying the sUAS will have immediate access to them, to the extent
they are applicable to the sUAS. The FAA has issued numerous exemptions to this regulation. A
representative sample of other exceptions includes Exemption Nos. 9565, 9665, 9789, 9789A,
9797, 9797A, 9816A, and 10700.

14 C.F.R. § 91.405 (a); 407 (a) (1); 409 (a) (2); 417(a) & (b): Maintenance Inspections

         These regulations require that an aircraft operator or owner "shall have that aircraft
inspected as prescribed in subpart E of this part and shall between required inspections, except as
provided in paragraph (c) of this section, have discrepancies repaired as prescribed in part 43 of
this chapter...," and others shall inspect or maintain the aircraft in compliance with Part 43.

         Given that these section and Part 43 apply only to aircraft with an airworthiness
certificate, these sections will not apply to the applicant. Maintenance will be accomplished by
the operator pursuant to the Manufacturer Instructions and Operations Guide. An equivalent
level of safety will be achieved because these sUAS are very limited in size and will carry a
small payload and operate only in defined Operations Areas for limited periods of time. If
mechanical issues arise the sUAS can land immediately and will be operating from no higher
than 400 feet AGL. As provided in the Operations Guide, the operator will ensure that the sUAS
is in working order prior to initiating flight, perform required maintenance, and keep a log of any
maintenance performed. Moreover, the operator is the person most familiar with the aircraft and
best suited to maintain the aircraft in an airworthy condition to provide the equivalent level of
safety.

                                         Federal Register Summary

         Pursuant to 14 C.F.R. Part 11, the following summary is provided for publication in the
Federal Register, should it be determined that publication is needed:

                  Applicant seeks an exemption from the following rules:
                  14 C.F.R. §21, subpart H; 14 C.F.R 45.23(b);14 C.F.R. §§ 61.113(
                  a) & (b);91.7 (a); 91.9 (b) (2);91.103(b);91.109; 91.119; 91.121;
                  91.151(a);91.203(a) and (b); 91.405(a); 91.407 (a) (1); 91.409 (a)
                  (2); 91.409 (a) (2) and 91.417 (a) & (b) to operate a small

                                                         14
                  unmanned system weighing less than fifty-five pounds in the
                  transmission line inspection and environmental remediation survey
                  industries.

         Approval of exemptions allowing commercial operations of sUASs in the transmission
line inspection and environmental remediation survey industries will enhance safety by reducing
risk. The operation of sUAS, weighing less than 55 lbs., conducted in the strict conditions
outlined above, will provide an equivalent level of safety supporting the grant of the exemptions
requested herein, including exempting the applicant from the requirements of Part 21 and
allowing commercial operations. These lightweight aircraft operate at slow speeds, close to the
ground, and in a sterile environment. As a result, sUAS are far safer than conventional operations
conducted with turbine helicopters operating in close proximity to the ground and people.

                                           Privacy Considerations

         Flights will be conducted in rural transmission line corridors or on industrial mined lands
in accordance with appropriate State and federal statutes regulating surveying and mapping
activities. All imagery and data collected will be used solely for transmission line and supporting
structure inspection as well as mining and environmental lands monitoring and remediation. The
project areas are located in remote areas that presents no privacy issues of consequence.

                                                   Conclusion

         Through this program, Pickett & Associates will establish an inspection program for
transmission lines for safety and environmental services support as well as to develop safety
procedures and best practices for such operations. The intent of these operations is to prove the
capacity of sUAS within a limited geography. Operations will then be expanded to the overall
transmission system as regulations permit.

         We are requesting exemptions from the FARs so this operation can be commercially
completed in accordance to all rules that would pertain to a small unmanned system. It is Pickett
& Associates' hope that we will be able to provide a source of performance data from the safe
and successful conduct of commercial sUAS operations to the United States government and the
FAA.

         Satisfaction of the criteria provided in Section 333 of the FMRA provide more than
adequate justification for the grant of the requested exemptions allowing commercial operation
of applicant's sUAS in the transmission line inspection and environmental remediation survey
industries.

                                                         15
The Applicant requests that the FAA grant the exemption requested herein.
                                                      Respectfully Submitted,
                                                      /s/ Mike Leahy
                                                      Mike Leahy, P.E., P.S.M. VP
                                                      Pickett & Associates, Inc.
                                                      /s/ Richard E. Doran, Steven M. Hogan
                                                      Richard E. Doran and Steven M. Hogan
                                                      Ausley McMullen
                                                      Attorneys for Pickett & Associates, Inc.

                                                16
