August 24, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12564
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA-2015-2390

Mr. J. August Shoemaker, Esq.
Counsel for Pinpoint Services, Inc.
100 North 12th Street, Suite 605
Lincoln, NE 68508

Dear Mr. Shoemaker:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated May 28, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of Pinpoint Services, Inc. (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption. The
petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct inspection and
maintenance of cellular communication towers.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner are the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ and DJI Phantom 3.

In accordance with the statutory criteria provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in
reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited
operating area associated with the aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation
has determined that this aircraft meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA
                                                                                               2

finds that relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts,
Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing

requirements of part 36, is not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Pinpoint Services, Inc. is granted an exemption from
14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c),
91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to
the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Pinpoint Services, Inc. is hereafter referred to as the operator.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                                                 3

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom 2
         Vision+ and DJI Phantom 3 when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload.
         Proposed operations of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to
         amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
         must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
         documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
         Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
         limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
         the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
         Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
         documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
         operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
                                                                                                            4

    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
                                                                                                            5

    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.
                                                                                                               6

   23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
       any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
       PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
       These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
       official upon request.

   24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
       activities at all times.

   25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

   26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
       persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
          a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
             from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
             that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
             where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
             the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
             of nonparticipating persons; and
          b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
             for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
             the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
             present an undue hazard.

       The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
       nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

   27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
       permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
       Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
       obtained for each flight to be conducted.

   28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
       boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
       to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
       reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
       contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

   29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
       as documented in this grant of exemption.
                                                                                                                 7

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.

This exemption terminates on August 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,
/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
                                      UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
                                 DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION
                               FEDERAL AVIATION ADMINISTRATION

                                              WASHINGTON, DC

                                Regulatory Docket No. ________________

                IN THE MATTER OF THE PETITION FOR EXEMPTION OF:
                                       PINPOINT SERVICES, INC.

      FOR AN EXEMPTION SEEKING RELIEF FROM THE REQUIREMENTS OF
                     TITLE 14 OF THE CODE OF FEDERAL REGULATION

     SECTIONS 61.101(e)(4) AND (e)(5), 61.113(a) AND (b), 91.7(a), 91.119(b) AND (c),
 91.121(a), 91.151(a), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) AND (a)(2), AND 91.417(a) AND
(b) CONCERNING COMMERCIAL OPERATION OF THE DJI PHANTOM 2 VISION+

                  AND DJI PHANTOM 3 UNMANNED AIRCRAFT SYSTEMS
                                      PURSUANT TO SECTION 333

OF THE FAA MODERNIZATION AND REFORM ACT OF 2012 (PUBLIC LAW 112-95)


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Submitted on May 28, 2015

 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 J. AUGUST SHOEMAKER, ESQ.

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 100 N. 12th St. #605

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Lincoln, NE 68508

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Tel: (402) 304-4356

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Email: shoemaker.j.a@gmail.com

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Attorney for petitioner
                                          TABLE OF CONTENTS

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page
GLOSSARY OF ABBREVIATIONS ...........................................................................3
SUMMARY....................................................................................................................4
INTRODUCTION AND INTERESTS OF PETITIONER ...........................................4
BACKGROUND ..........................................................................................................4
BASIS FOR PETITION ...............................................................................................5
NAME AND ADDRESS OF PETITIONER.................................................................8
THE SPECIFIC SECTIONS OF 14 C.F.R. FROM WHICH PINPOINT SERVICES,
INC. SEEKS EXEMPTION .........................................................................................8
THE EXTENT OF RELIEF PINPOINT SERVICES, INC. SEEKS AND THE
REASON PINPOINT SERVICES, INC SEEKS THE RELIEF..................................13
THE REASONS WHY GRANTING PINPOINT SERVICES, INC.'S REQUEST
WOULD BE IN THE PUBLIC INTEREST................................................................17
THE REASONS WHY GRANTING THE EXEMPTION WOULD NOT
ADVERSELY AFFECT SAFETY...............................................................................17
SUMMARY THAT CAN BE PUBLISHED IN THE FEDERAL REGISTER...........21
ANY ADDITIONAL INFORMATION, VIEWS, OR ARGUMENTS AVAILABLE
TO SUPPORT PINPOINT SERVICES, INC.'S REQUEST........................................21
REASONS WHY THE OPERATION OF THE PHANTOM UAS DO NOT
PRESENT ANY ISSUES OF PRIVACY.....................................................................22
CONCLUSION............................................................................................................22

                                                                      2
                     GLOSSARY OF ABBREVIATIONS

AGL 
 
    
      Above Ground Level
                     Air Traffic Control
ATC 
 
    
      Code of Federal Regulations
                     Federal Aviation Administration
C.F.R. 

  
      FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012
                     Ground Control Station
FAA 
 
    
      Global Positioning System
                     National Airspace System
FRMA

     
      Pilot In Command
                     Pinpoint Services, Inc.
GCS 
 
    
      FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 Section 333
                     Unmanned Aircraft
GPS 
 
    
      Unmanned Aircraft System
                     Visual Flight Rules
NAS 
 
    
      Visual Observer
                     Vertical Takeoff and Landing
PIC 
 
    


Pinpoint Services


Section 333 
 


UA 
 
     


UAS 
 
    


VFR 
 
    


VO 
 
     


VTOL 

    


                     3
                                                   SUMMARY

 Pinpoint Services, Inc. (hereinafter Pinpoint Services) seeks exemptions from the
requirements of 14 C.F.R §§ 61.101(e)(4) and (e)(5), 61.113(a) and (b), 91.7(a), 91.119(b) and
(c), 91.121(a), 91.151(a), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (a)(2), and 91.417(a) and (b)
to operate Unmanned Aircraft Systems (UAS) pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA
Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (FMRA). This exemption will permit Pinpoint Services
to operate Unmanned Aircraft Systems for the commercial purpose of inspecting and maintaining
its network of cellular communication towers. The Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) has
granted similar exemptions in several circumstances including Exemption No. 11411 which is
equivalent in all material respects.

                  INTRODUCTION AND INTERESTS OF THE PETITIONER

 Pinpoint Services is engaged in the service and maintenance of cellular towers across the
country in both rural and metropolitan areas. Pinpoint Services seeks to improve the safety of its
operations through the use of its newly acquired DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ and DJI Phantom 3
UAS. As set forth in this petition, Pinpoint Services seeks to commercially operate these UAS in
both rural and metropolitan areas of the United States for the purpose of diagnosing potential
tower problems before manned crews perform maintenance and repairs.

                                               BACKGROUND

 Pinpoint Services seeks an exemption to operate its Phantom 2 Vision+ and Phantom 3
UAS for compensation or hire within the National Airspace System (NAS).

 The Phantom 2 Vision+ UAS is comprised of a vertical takeoff and landing (VTOL)
Unmanned Aircraft (UA) and a transportable Ground Control Station (GCS). The Phantom 2
Vision+ weighs 2.74 pounds, has a diagonal size of 13.78 inches, and can reach a maximum

                                                                      4
speed of 0.56 miles per hour (0.49 knots per hour). The Phantom 2 Vision+ is equipped with
four propellers each driven by a Lithium Polymer battery powered electric motor.

 The Phantom 3 UAS is comprised of a vertical takeoff and landing (VTOL) Unmanned
Aircraft (UA) and a transportable Ground Control Station (GCS). The Phantom 3 UA weighs
2.82 pounds, while having a diagonal size of 23.22 inches and maximum speed of 0.60 mph
(0.52 kph). The Phantom 3 UA is equipped with four propellers, each being driven by a Lithium
Polymer battery powered electric motor.

 The Phantom 2 Vision+ and Phantom 3 UA that will be operated by Pinpoint Services
will be registered in accordance with 49 U.S.C. 44103, Registration of Aircraft, as well as 14
C.F.R. Part 47, Aircraft Registration, and marked in accordance with 14 C.F.R. Part 45,
Identification and Registration Marking.

                                           BASIS FOR PETITION

 Petitioner, Pinpoint Services, by and through undersigned counsel, pursuant to the
provisions of the Federal Aviation Regulations (14 C.F.R. § 11.61) and the FAA Modernization
and Reform Act of 2012, Section 333, Special Rules for Certain Unmanned Aircraft Systems,
hereby petitions the Administrator to operate the Phantom 2 Vision+ and Phantom 3 UAS in the
NAS and for an exemption from the requirements of 14 C.F.R §§ 61.101(e)(4) and (e)(5),
61.113(a) and (b), 91.7(a), 91.119(b) and (c), 91.121(a), 91.151(a), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1),
91.409(a)(1) and (a)(2), and 91.417(a) and (b).

 Relief from certain requirements of Section 61.101, entitled Recreational pilot privileges
and limitations, subsections (e)(4) and (e)(5) and Section 61.113, entitled Private pilot privileges
and limitations: Pilot in command, subsections (a) and (b) is requested by Pinpoint Services to
the extent necessary to allow a Pilot in Command (PIC) holding a recreational or private pilot

                                                                      5
certificate and who has completed the Phantom 2 Vision+ and Phantom 3 UAS training and
currency requirements, to conduct the proposed flight operations. Pinpoint Services submits that
the conditions and limitations set forth herein will ensure the safety of the NAS, as well as the
safety of persons or property on the ground.

 Pinpoint Services seeks relief from Section 91.7, entitled Civil aircraft airworthiness,
subsection (a) because the Phantom 2 Vision+ and Phantom 3 UAS do not require an
airworthiness certificate in accordance with 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H. Pinpoint Services
submits that, prior to every operation, it will ensure that the UAS are in an airworthy condition
and that the aircraft are in a condition for safe flight by determining that they are in compliance
with the Flight Manuals and performing regular maintenance and inspections.

 Pinpoint Services seeks relief from Section 91.119, entitled Minimum safe altitudes:
General, subsections (b) and (c) in order to operate in rural and metropolitan areas. The
company will assure the safety of nearby persons and property in these areas through the use of
adequate communication and notice to third parties including local Air Traffic Control (ATC),
maintenance of a 500 foot buffer to all persons and property except where adequate notice has
been given and adequate barriers exist to prevent harm, and by continuously flying at or below
an altitude of 500 feet above ground level (AGL).

 Pinpoint Services also seeks an exemption from the requirements of Section 91.121,
entitled Altimeter settings, subsection (a) as the UA will not have typical barometric altimeters
on board. However, altitude information will be provided to the PIC via Global Positioning
System (GPS) equipment and a radio communications telemetry data link, which downlinks
from the UA to the GCS for active monitoring of the flight path. This altitude information,

                                                                      6
combined with Pinpoint Services's operation of each UA within visual line of sight, at or below
500 feet AGL, will ensure a level of safety equivalent to that required by Section 91.121(a).

 Additionally, Pinpoint Services seeks an exemption from the requirements of Section
91.151(a), entitled Fuel requirements for flight in VFR conditions. Pinpoint Services submits that
it will maintain safe operations by terminating flights of the battery-powered Phantom UA after
20 minutes of continuous flight, which would allow for around five minutes of battery power
remaining.

 In consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
unmanned aircraft and their operation, Pinpoint Services' operation of these UAS meets the
conditions of Section 333 and therefore, will not require an airworthiness certificate in
accordance with 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H. Accordingly, Pinpoint Services requests relief
from Sections 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (a)(2), and 91.417(a) and (b), as these
sections set forth maintenance requirements that only apply to aircraft with airworthiness
certificates.

 Pinpoint Services submits that the requested relief is proper as it will ensure a level of
safety equivalent to that required by relevant regulations. Pinpoint Services will use its
authorized technicians to perform maintenance, alterations, and preventive maintenance on the
UAS using the methods, techniques, and practices prescribed in the manufacturer's maintenance
manual. Furthermore, the company will document and maintain all maintenance records for both
the Phantom 2 Vision+ and Phantom 3 UAS. Pinpoint Services will maintain proper positioning
of the aircraft through monitoring the UA's GPS coordinates and line of sight visual verification.
It will ensure proper functioning of the UA by regularly maintaining the aircraft and by
performing preflight inspections prior to every operation. Finally, it will ensure that all PICs

                                                                      7
operating the UAS will have proper training on the appropriate system and will have either a
recreational or private pilot license.

 In accordance with 14 C.F.R. § 11.81, Pinpoint Services provides the following
information in support of its petition for exemption:
A. Name and Address of the Petitioner.

 The name and address of the Petitioner is:

 Pinpoint Services, Inc.

 613 Patterson St.

 PO Box 490

 Cambridge, Nebraska 69022

 The point of contact for this Petition and specific contact information is as follows:

 J. August Shoemaker

 100 N. 12th St. Suite 605

 Lincoln, Nebraska 68508

 Tel: (402) 304-4356

 Email: shoemaker.j.a@gmail.com

B. The Specific Sections of 14 C.F.R. from Which Pinpoint Services Seeks Exemption.
1. Pinpoint Services Seeks Exemption from the Requirements of 14 C.F.R. § 61.101(e)(4)

    and (e)(5).

 Section 61.101, entitled Recreation pilot privileges and limitations, subsections (e)(4) and
(e)(5) provide the following:

                  Except as provided in paragraphs (d) and (i) of this section, a recreational pilot
                  may not act as pilot in command of an aircraft --
                  (4) For compensation or hire;
                  (5) In furtherance of a business;

                                                                      8
2. Pinpoint Services Seeks Exemption from the Requirements of 14 C.F.R. § 61.113(a)
    and (b).


 Section 61.113, entitled Private pilot privileges and imitations: Pilots in command,

subsections (a) and (b) provide the following:

                  (a) No person who holds a private pilot certificate may act as a pilot in command
                  (PIC) of an aircraft that is carrying passengers or property for compensation or
                  hire; nor may that person, for compensation or hire, act as PIC of an aircraft.

                  (b) A private pilot may, for compensation or hire, act as PIC of an aircraft in
                  connection with any business or employment if--

                  (1) The flight is only incidental to that business or employment; and

                  (2) The aircraft does not carry passengers or property for compensation or hire.

3. Pinpoint Services Seeks Exemption from the Requirements Of 14 C.F.R. § 91.7(a).


 Section 91.7, entitled Civil aircraft airworthiness, subsection (a), states the following:

                  (a) No person may operate a civil aircraft unless it is in an airworthy
                  condition.

4. Pinpoint Services Seeks Exemption from the Requirements Of 14 C.F.R. § 91.119(b)
    and (c).


 Section 91.119, entitled Minimum safe altitudes: General, subsections (b) and (c) state:

                  Except when necessary for takeoff and landing, no person may operate
                  an aircraft below the following altitudes...

                  (b) Over congested areas. Over any congested area of a city, town, or
                      settlement, or over any open air assembly of persons, an altitude of
                      1,000 feet above the highest obstacle within a horizontal radius of
                      2,000 feet of the aircraft.

                  (c) Over other than congested areas. an altitude of 500 feet above the
                  surface, except over open water or sparsely populated areas. In those
                  cases, the aircraft may not be operated closer than 500 feet to any
                  person, vessel, vehicle, or structure.

                                                                      9
5. Pinpoint Services Seeks Exemption from the Requirements of 14 C.F.R. § 91.121(a).


 Section 91.121, entitled Altimeter settings, subsection (a) states:

                  (a) Each person operating an aircraft shall maintain the cruising altitude or flight
                  level of that aircraft, as the case may be, by reference to an altimeter that is set,
                  when operating--

                  (1) Below 18,000 feet MSL, to--

                  (i) The current reported altimeter setting of a station along the route and within
                  100 nautical miles of the aircraft;

                  (ii) If there is no station within the area prescribed in paragraph (a)(1)(i) of this
                  section, the current reported altimeter setting of an appropriate available station;
                  or

                  (iii) In the case of an aircraft not equipped with a radio, the elevation of the
                  departure airport or an appropriate altimeter setting available before departure;
6. Pinpoint Services Seeks Exemption from the Requirements of 14 C.F.R. § 91.151(a).


 Section 91.151, entitled Fuel requirements for flight in VFR conditions, subsection (a)
states:

                  (a) No person may begin a flight in an airplane under VFR conditions unless
                  (considering wind and forecast weather conditions) there is enough fuel to fly to
                  the first point of intended landing and, assuming normal cruising speed--

                  (1) During the day, to fly after that
                  for at least 30 minutes; or

                  (2) At night, to fly after that for at least 45 minutes.

7. Pinpoint Services Seeks Exemption from the Requirements of 14 C.F.R. § 91.405(a).


 Section 91.405(a), entitled Maintenance required, states:

                  Each owner or operator of an aircraft--

                  (a) Shall have that aircraft inspected as prescribed in subpart E of this part and
                  shall between required inspections, except as provided in paragraph (c) of this
                  section, have discrepancies repaired as prescribed in part 43 of this chapter;

                                                                     10
8. Pinpoint Services Seeks Exemption from the Requirements of 14 C.F.R. § 91.407(a)(1).


 Section 91.407(a)(1), entitled Operation after maintenance, preventative maintenance,

rebuilding, or alteration, states:

                  (a) No person may operate any aircraft that has undergone maintenance,
                  preventive maintenance, rebuilding, or alteration unless--

                  (1) It has been approved for return to service by a person authorized under
                  § 43.7 of this chapter;

9. Pinpoint Services Seeks Exemption from the Requirements of 14 C.F.R. § 91.409(a)(1)
    and (a)(2).


 Section 91.409, entitled Inspections, subsections (a)(1) and (a)(2) state:

                  (a) Except as provided in paragraph (c) of this section, no person may operate an
                  aircraft unless, within the preceding 12 calendar months, it has had--

                  (1) an annual inspection in accordance with part 43 of this chapter and has been
                  approved for return to service by a person authorized by § 43.7 of this chapter; or

                  (2) an inspection for the issuance of an airworthiness certificate in accordance
                      with part 21 of this chapter.

10. Pinpoint Services Seeks Exemption from the Requirements of 14 C.F.R. § 91.417(a)(1)
    and (a)(2).

         Section 91.417, entitled Maintenance records, subsections (a) and (b), state the
following:

                  (a) Except for work performed in accordance with §§ 91.411 and 91.413, each
                  registered owner or operator shall keep the following records for the periods
                  specified in paragraph (b) of this section:

                  (1) Records of the maintenance, preventive maintenance, and alteration and
                  records of the 100-hour, annual, progressive, and other required or approved
                  inspections, as appropriate, for each aircraft (including the airframe) and each
                  engine, propeller, rotor, and appliance of an aircraft. The records must include--

                  (i) A description (or reference to data acceptable to the Administrator) of the work
                  performed; and

                  (ii) The date of completion of the work performed; and

                                                                     11
(iii) The signature, and certificate number of the person approving the aircraft for
return to service.

(2) Records containing the following information:

(i) The total time in service of the airframe, each engine, each propeller, and each
rotor.

(ii) The current status of life-limited parts of each airframe, engine, propeller,
rotor, and appliance.

(iii) The time since last overhaul of all items installed on the aircraft which are
required to be overhauled on a specified time basis.

(iv) The current inspection status of the aircraft, including the time since the last
    inspection required by the inspection program under which the aircraft and its
    appliances are maintained.

(v) The current status of applicable airworthiness directives (AD) and safety
directives including, for each, the method of compliance, the AD or safety
directive number and revision date. If the AD or safety directive involves
recurring action, the time and date when the next action is required.

(vi) Copies of the forms prescribed by § 43.9(d) of this chapter for each major
alteration to the airframe and currently installed engines, rotors, propellers, and
appliances.

(b) The owner or operator shall retain the following records for the periods
prescribed:

(1) The records specified in paragraph (a)(1) of this section shall be retained until
the work is repeated or superseded by other work or for 1 year after the work is
performed.

(2) The records specified in paragraph (a)(2) of this section shall be retained and
transferred with the aircraft at the time the aircraft is sold.

(3) A list of defects furnished to a registered owner or operator under § 43.11 of
this chapter shall be retained until the defects are repaired and the aircraft is
approved for return to service.

                                               12
C. The Extent of Relief Pinpoint Services Seeks and the Reason Pinpoint Services Seeks
    the Relief


1. Extent of Relief Pinpoint Services Seeks and the Reason Pinpoint Seeks Relief from
    14 C.F.R. §§ 61.101(e)(4) and (e)(5) and 61.113(a) and (b).


 Section 61.101(e)(4) and (e)(5) and Section 61.113(a) and (b) limit those holding
recreational or private pilot certificates to non-commercial activities. 14 C.F.R. §§ 61.101(e)(4)
and (e)(5), 14 C.F.R. 61.113(a) and (b). Pinpoint Services seeks an exemption from these
requirements to improve the safety of their operations and will ensure sufficient safeguards are in
place to achieve an equivalent level of safety to that provided in the regulations. All persons
operating the UAS will have at least a recreational pilot certificate, guaranteeing a level of
knowledge consistent with the ability to safely control larger and more complex aircraft. A
visual observer (VO) will accompany the PIC during every operation and will continually
communicate observations to provide the PIC with adequate information to avoid any
obstructions and safely operate the UA. Finally, the UAS will carry no pilot or passengers and
no additional cargo beyond their video cameras. The dangers posed by traditional commercial
operations are thus almost entirely negated and all operations would therefore be in conformance
with the intended goals of these regulations.
2. Extent of Relief Pinpoint Services Seeks and the Reason Pinpoint Seeks Relief from

    14 C.F.R. § 91.7(a).

 Given the size of the Phantom UA, no airworthiness will be issued for the aircraft.
Should an exemption from Section 91.7 subsection (a) be granted, no regulatory standard will
exist for determining the airworthiness of the UA. Pinpoint Services will therefore ensure that
the UAS are in airworthy condition through the use of regular maintenance and inspections,
documentation of any maintenance performed, safety checklists and compliance with the UA
operating documents prior to every flight.

                                                                     13
3. Extent of Relief Pinpoint Services Seeks and the Reason Pinpoint Seeks Relief from
    14 C.F.R. § 91.119(b).


 Pinpoint Services operates cellular towers within certain metropolitan areas and seeks to
increase the safety in diagnosing problems with those towers through the use of its Phantom
UAS. Pinpoint Services will provide advanced notice to and comply with guidance from local
ATC to ensure proper separation from any conventional, operating aircraft; will never operate at
an altitude above 500 feet AGL; and will provide advanced notice to all property owners and
other individuals, including personnel, within the surrounding area. Pinpoint Services will never
operate the UAS within 500 feet of any person or property other than the cellular towers and
those involved in its maintenance and repair unless the PIC and VO verify that 1) barriers or
other structures exist to protect third-parties and property from debris in the event of an accident,
2) the owner or controller of nearby real and personal property has granted permission and the
PIC determines that the UA can be operated safely, and 3) the safety to the VO and PIC has been
ensured. Given the coordination with local ATC, the relative size of the Phantom UAS, the lack
of flammable fuel, the separation between the UAS and third-parties and property, and the
separation between the UA and normal altitudes of conventional aircraft, an equivalent level of
safety will be provided to that required for conventional aircraft operating in these metropolitan
areas.
4. Extent of Relief Pinpoint Services Seeks and the Reason Pinpoint Seeks Relief from

    14 C.F.R. § 91.119(c).

 Pinpoint Services additionally seeks to increase the safety in diagnosing problems with
those of its cellular towers in rural areas through the use of its Phantom UAS. In order to ensure
an equivalent level of safety as that provided by Section 91.119 subsection (c), the company will
never operate its Phantom UA at an altitude above 500 feet AGL and will provide advanced

                                                                     14
notice to all property owners and other individuals, including personnel, within the surrounding
area. The UA will never be operated within 500 feet of any person or property other than the
cellular tower and those involved in its maintenance and repair unless the PIC and VO verify that
1) barriers or other structures exist to protect third-parties and property from debris in the event
of an accident, 2) the owner or controller of nearby real and personal property has granted
permission and the PIC determines that the UA can be operated safely, and 3) the safety to the
VO and PIC has been ensured. Given the additional precautions made by the PIC and VO, the
relative size of the Phantom UA, the lack of flammable fuel, and the separation between the UA
and normal altitudes of conventional aircraft, an equivalent level of safety will be provided to
that required for conventional aircraft operating in rural areas.
5. Extent of Relief Pinpoint Services Seeks and the Reason Pinpoint Seeks Relief from

    14 C.F.R. § 91.121(a).

 Section 91.121 subsection (a) states that persons operating an aircraft not equipped with a
radio below 18,000 feet MSL must reference the elevation of the departure airport or an
appropriate altimeter setting available before departure. 91 C.F.R § 121(a)(1)(iii). As the
Phantom UA do not possess onboard barometric altimeters, an exemption is requested to allow
Pinpoint Services to use the UAS's GPS altitude readout to determine the altitude of the launch
site and vehicle. The Phantom UAS use a radio communications telemetry data link to provide
real-time altitude and GPS coordinates to the operator at each phase of the operation. This
information, in combination with the PIC and VO visual line of sight, will ensure that the
operation of these aircraft provide an equivalent level of safety to that provided in Section 91.121
subsection (a).

                                                                     15
6. Extent of Relief Pinpoint Services Seeks and the Reason Pinpoint Seeks Relief from
    14 C.F.R. § 91.151(a).


 Section 91.151 subsection (a) describes fuel requirements for flight in Visual Flight Rules
(VFR) conditions. 14 C.F.R. § 91.151(a). As the Phantom UAS have limited flight time and
range, Pinpoint Services requests an exemption from the regulations described in this section.
The Phantom 2 Vision+ UA has a maximum flight time of 25 minutes and will be unable to meet
the regulation's 30 minute reserve requirement in daytime conditions. The Phantom 3 UA has
maximum flight time of approximately 23 minutes and will similarly be unable to meet the
reserve requirement. In order to maintain an equivalent level of safety, Pinpoint Services will
ensure that the UA will operate no longer than 20 minutes at a time and will operate with an
battery reserve level no less than 20 percent, a level sufficient to guarantee safe landing. Given
that the proposed operations will all occur within a limited area, Pinpoint Services submits that
these precautions will ensure the safe operation of the equipment and the safety of nearby
persons and property.
7. Extent of Relief Pinpoint Services Seeks and the Reason Pinpoint Seeks Relief from

    14 C.F.R. §§ 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(2), and 91.417(a) and (b).

 These regulations require regular maintenance inspections to ensure proper aircraft
safety. As these sections apply only to aircraft with airworthiness certificates, Pinpoint Services
requests exemptions from these requirements. Pinpoint Services will use trained technicians to
perform regular maintenance pursuant to the UA Operating Manuals. Prior to each flight, the
PIC will also perform regular safety inspections, will perform any and all maintenance necessary
to ensure proper safety, and will keep a complete record of any maintenance performed. These
precautions, in conjunction with the size and weight of the UA and the other safeguards detailed

                                                                     16
above, will ensure that the UAS operates in a way that achieves an equivalent level of safety to
that required by the regulations.
D. The Reasons why Granting Pinpoint Service's Request Would be in the Public Interest.

 The environment and height are among numerous factors that put tower climbing among
the most dangerous jobs in the country. The use of UAS can significantly reduce the risk to
climbers in several ways. The data gathered by UAS prior to any climb will give climbers
advanced notice of the problems they may encounter during their inspection and maintenance,
allowing them a greater focus on actions specifically needed to complete the job while assuring
their and others' safety. This data can additionally reduce the need for climbs by determining in
advance whether a climb is needed. Finally, the use of UAS can eliminate the need for
conventional aircraft to perform the same type of data-gathering, and can therefore reduce the
traffic of these aircraft in the NAS, thereby reducing the potential for damage to persons or
property outside Pinpoint Services and its employees.
E. The Reasons why Granting the Exemption Would Not Adversely Affect Safety, or how

    the Exemption Would Provide a Level of Safety at Least Equal to that Provided by the
    Rule from Which Pinpoint Services Seeks Exemption.

 Given the size, weight, type of fuel, and training that PICs will receive, Pinpoint Services
submits that the proposed operations can maintain an equivalent level of safety to that provided
in the relevant regulations. The Phantom UAS are significantly smaller than the traditional
aircraft operated in commercial settings and therefore present a significantly reduced risk of
harm to persons and property. All operations will be performed with the assistance of a VO,
giving the PIC a greater awareness of the present risks and circumstances. Unlike conventional
commercial aircraft, the Phantom UA will carry also no passengers or cargo and carries no
flammable fuel, thereby decreasing any potential risks involved.

                                                                     17
1. Reasons why Granting an Exemption from the Requirements of 14 C.F.R. § 61.101(e)(4)
    and (e)(5) and 61.113(a) and (b) Would Not Adversely Affect Safety.


 Section 61.101 subsections (e)(4) and (e)(5) and Section 61.113 subsections (a) and (b)
prohibit those holding recreational or private pilot licenses from commercial operations. All
PICs will receive training specific to the operation of the Phantom UAS. This training, in
combination with the training they received to operate larger, more traditional aircraft, will
ensure that they have the requisite skills to safely operate the UAS without significant risk to
persons or property. Additionally, the accompanying VO will provide a continual assessment of
the operational risks and positioning of the UA. These assessments, in conjunction with the
onboard GPS coordinates and line of sight awareness, will enable the PIC to adequately operate
the UAS in ways significantly safer than the operation of traditional commercial aircraft.
2. Reasons why Granting an Exemption from the Requirements of 14 C.F.R. § 91.7(a)

    Would Not Adversely Affect Safety.


 Section 91.7 subsection (a) mandates that all aircraft operating in the NAS must be in
airworthy condition. 14 C.F.R. § 91.7(a). As no airworthiness certificates will be issued for the
Phantom UAS, no FAA regulatory standard will exist for determining their airworthiness.
Pinpoint Services will ensure that the Phantom UAS operate in airworthy conditions by
performing regular maintenance and preflight inspections and by continually operating the UAS
according to their operating conditions and limitations as described in their respective manuals.
3. Reasons why Granting an Exemption from the Requirements of 14 C.F.R. § 91.119(b)

    and (c) Would Not Adversely Affect Safety.

 Section 91.119 subsections (b) and (c) detail rules for operating aircraft in airspace in
congested and other than congested areas. 14 C.F.R. § 91.119(b) and (c). In congested areas,
Pinpoint Services will coordinate its operations in conjunction with instructions from local ATC,
will ensure that appropriate safeguards such as fences or other barriers exist to protect third-

                                                                     18
parties and property, will never operate at altitudes above 500 feet AGL, and will never operate
within 500 feet of any person or property without sufficient notice to ensure proper safety is
maintained. In other than congested areas, Pinpoint Services will never operate its UAS at
altitudes above 500 feet AGL, will ensure that appropriate safeguards such as fences or other
barriers exist to protect third-parties and property, will announce its operations over appropriate
communication channels, and will never operate within 500 feet of any person or property
without sufficient notice to ensure proper safety is maintained. These precautions, along with the
information provided by the accompanying VO and size and weight considerations of the UA,
will ensure that safety is provided at an equivalent level of safety to that proscribed by Section
91.119 subsections (b) and (c).
4. Reasons why Granting an Exemption from the Requirements of 14 C.F.R. § 91.121(a)

    Would Not Adversely Affect Safety.

 Section 91.121 subsection (a) requires aircraft to reference the elevation of the departure
airport or an appropriate altimeter setting available before departure. 14 C.F.R. § 91.121(a).
Although the Phantom UA do not possess altimeters, an equivalent level of safety will be
maintained by continually monitoring the aircraft's GPS coordinates transmitted to the PIC.
These coordinates, in conjunction with the VO and PIC's line of sight assessments, will ensure
that Pinpoint Services operates its UAS at a level of safety equivalent to that provided by the
regulation.
5. Reasons why Granting an Exemption from the Requirements of 14 C.F.R. § 91.151(a)

    Would Not Adversely Affect Safety.

 Section 91.151 subsection (a) provides fuel requirements for operating aircraft in VFR
conditions. 14 C.F.R. § 91.151(a). The Phantom UAS' battery capacity is insufficient to meet
the requirements of subsection (a). In order to maintain an equivalent level of safety to that

                                                                     19
provided by the regulation, Pinpoint Services will restrict operations to 20 minutes of active
flight. The PIC will also actively monitor the UA's battery status, and immediately cease
operations if the battery level approaches that needed to safely land the aircraft. These
precautions, in conjunction with the restricted area of operation and size, weight, and speed of
the aircraft, will ensure that the UAS are operated at safety levels equivalent to that mandated by
the regulation.
6. Reasons why Granting an Exemption from the Requirements of 14 C.F.R. §§ 91.405(a),

    91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(2), and 91.417(a) and (b) Would Not Adversely Affect Safety.

 These regulations require that an aircraft operator or owner "shall have that aircraft
inspected as prescribed in subpart E of this part and shall between required inspections,
except as provided in paragraph (c) of this section, have discrepancies repaired as
prescribed in part 43 of this chapter..." As the requirements and Part 43 apply only to those
aircraft operating with an airworthiness certificate, they will not apply to Pinpoint Services UAS
operations. Pinpoint Services will an ensure an equivalent level of safety through regular
maintenance by trained technicians in accordance with the operating documents. Prior to each
flight, Pinpoint Services will inspect the UAS to determine potential problems and, if able, will
correct any problems or, if unable, will cease operations. Pinpoint Services will also document
every inspection and maintenance performed. These inspections and maintenance precautions
will ensure that the UAS will only operate when appropriately deemed to be in airworthy
conditions and therefore pose a minimal risk to surrounding persons or property.

                                                                     20
F. A Summary That Can Be Published In The Federal Register, stating: The Rules From
    Which Pinpoint Services Seeks Exemption:

         Pinpoint Services, Inc. seeks exemption from the requirements of 14 C.F.R
         Sections 61.101(e)(4) and (e)(5), 61.113(a) and (b), 91.7(a), 91.119(b) and (c),
         91.121(a), 91.151(a), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (a)(2), and
         91.417(a) and (b).

         A Brief Description Of The Nature Of The Exemption Pinpoint Services
         Seeks: This exemption will permit Pinpoint Services, Inc. to commercially operate
         Unmanned Aircraft Systems (UAS) for the purpose of conducting diagnosing
         cellular tower maintenance needs.

G. Any Additional Information, Views, or Arguments Available to Support Pinpoint
    Services's Request.


 This Petition is made pursuant to the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012
(FMRA) Section 333, which directs the Secretary of Transportation to determine if certain UAS
may operate safely in the NAS. As such, Pinpoint Services's request for exemption may be
granted pursuant to the authority of FMRA Section 333 and 14 C.F.R. Part 11. FMRA Section
333 sets forth the requirements for considering whether a UAS will create a hazard to users of
the NAS or the public, or otherwise pose a threat to national security; and further, provides the
authority for such UAS to operate without airworthiness certification. As discussed in detail
above, Pinpoint Services will operate the Phantom 2 Vision+ and Phantom 3 UAS safely in the
NAS, without creating a hazard to users of the NAS, or the public, or otherwise pose a threat to
national security.

                                                                     21
1. Reasons Why The Operation of the Phantom UAS do not Present any Issues of Privacy.

 Pinpoint Services will ensure that no operation it performs present any risk to or invasion
of the privacy of third-parties and the public. All UA operations will be performed within areas
limited to a size necessary to successfully inspect cellular communication towers. Any
operations potentially interfering with the privacy rights of other individuals will be preceded by
adequate notice to and the consent of any persons whose privacy may be affected.

                                                CONCLUSION

 As set forth herein, Pinpoint Services seeks an exemption pursuant to 14 C.F.R. § 11.61
and Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (FMRA), which will permit
safe operation of the Phantom 2 Vision+ and Phantom 3 UAS commercially, without an
airworthiness certificate, for the limited purpose of conducting data collection over certain areas
of the United States. By granting this Petition, the FAA Administrator will be fulfilling the
Congressional mandate of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012, while also
advancing the interests of the public, by allowing Pinpoint Services to safely, efficiently, and
economically operate the Phantom UAS commercially within the NAS.

 WHEREFORE, in accordance with the Federal Aviation Regulations and the FAA
Modernization and Reform Act of 2012, Section 333, Pinpoint Services respectfully requests that
the Administrator grant this Petition for an exemption from the requirements of 14 C.F.R §§
61.101(e)(4) and (e)(5), 61.113(a) and (b), 91.7(a), 91.119(b) and (c), 91.121(a), 91.151(a),
91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (a)(2), and 91.417(a) and (b), and permit Pinpoint
Services to operate the Phantom 2 Vision+ and Phantom 3 UAS commercially for the purpose of
conducting data collection over certain areas of the United States.

                                                                     22
Dated: May 28, 2015       Respectfully submitted,


 
 
 
 
 
 
      /s/ J. August Shoemaker

 
 
 
 
 
 

                          J. August Shoemaker, Esq.
                          100 N. 12th St. #605
                          Lincoln, NE 68508
                          Tel: (402) 304-4356
                          Email: shoemaker.j.a@gmail.com
                          Attorney for petitioner

                      23
