August 25, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12593
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA-2015-2412

Mr. Nathanial C. Brown
Carriere & Little, LLP
Counsel for Planet Inhouse, Inc.
8001 South Interport Boulevard, Suite 310
Englewood, CO 80112

Dear Mr. Brown:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated May 28, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of Planet Inhouse, Inc. (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption. The
petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct aerial
photography, aerial videography, precision agriculture, real estate, exterior structure
inspections, UAS training1, and volunteer search and rescue missions.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

1 The petitioner requested authority to conduct UAS training. At this time, the FAA is unable to authorize UAS
operations for training until a further assessment is completed. When the FAA completes its review, we will
proceed accordingly and no further action will be required by the petitioner. However, the petitioner is permitted
to train its own pilot in commands and visual observers in accordance with condition no. 14 and the other
conditions and limitations in this exemption.
                                                                                               2

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner are the DJI Inspire 1, DJI S800 EVO, and DJI Phantom
2.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection2. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

· They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

· The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

· A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

2 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                            3

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Planet Inhouse, Inc. is granted an exemption from
14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c),
91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to
the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Planet Inhouse, Inc. is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Inspire 1, DJI
    S800 EVO, and DJI Phantom 2 when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload.
    Proposed operations of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to
    amend this exemption.

2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
    not permitted.

3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
    exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
    compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
    airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
    aircraft manufacturer.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
    electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
                                                                                                            4

    must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
    required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.
                                                                                              5

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.
                                                                                                            6

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

    The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
    nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
                                                                                               7

Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
    reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
    contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
    as documented in this grant of exemption.

30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
    exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
    District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
    notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
    must include at least the following:
      a. Dates and times for all flights;
      b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
          under this grant of exemption;
      c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
          the UAS;
      d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
      e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
      f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
          and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
          who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
      g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
      h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
          town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
          essential to accomplish the operation.

31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
    consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
    exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                      8

This exemption terminates on August 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
 

 
 May 28, 2015

 

 U.S. Department of Transportation
 Docket Management System
 1200 New Jersey Ave., SE
 Washington, DC 20590

 

 RE: Exemption Request under § 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 of the Federal
 Aviation Regulations from 14 CFR Part 21; 14 CFR §§ 45.23(b); 61.113 (a) & (b); 61.315(a) & (c); 91.7(a);
 91.9(b); 91.103; 91.109(a); 91.119(c); 91.121; 91.151(a); 91.203; 91.405(a); 91.407(a)(1); 91.409(a)(2);
 91.417(a) & (b).

   Dear Sir or Madam,

   Pursuant to § 333 of the Federal Aviation Administration ("FAA") Modernization and Reform Act

   of 2012, Pub. L. No. 112-95 (2012), 126 Stat. 11 (the "Reform Act"), the FAA's general exemption

   authority under 49 USC § 44701(f), and 14 CFR Part 11, Planet Inhouse, Inc. (hereinafter, the "Petitioner"),

   an owner and operator of small Unmanned Aircraft Systems ("UAS"), hereby petitions for exemptions from

   14 CFR Part 21, Subpart H (Airworthiness Certificates), 14 CFR §§ 45.23(b), 61.113(a) & (b), 61.315(a)

   & (c), 91.7(a), 91.9(b)(2), 91.103(b)(1), 91.109(a), 91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151, 91.203(a) & (b), 91.405(a),

   91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (2), and 91.417(a) & (b). The proposed exemptions, if granted, would allow

   Petitioner to conduct commercial operations of small UAS for purposes to include: aerial photography,

   aerial videography (marketing), precision agriculture, real estate, exterior structure inspections, UAS

   training, and volunteer search and rescue missions under the conditions outlined herein and as may be

   established by the FAA in granting the above requested exemptions.

   As described more fully below, based on the small size of Petitioner's UAS, the qualifications and

   experience of Petitioner's pilot, and the limited, controlled-access environments within which Petitioner

   will operate, the requested exemptions clearly fall within the safety parameters envisioned by Congress as

   set forth in § 333 of the Reform Act. Additionally, the enhanced safety achieved by replacing significantly

   larger manned aircraft carrying crew and flammable fuel with small UAS weighing less than 55 pounds

   under the specific guidelines and procedures proposed by Petitioner gives the FAA good cause to find that

   the UAS operations enabled by this petition are in the public interest. Thus, the requested exemptions

   should be granted.

                                      COUNSEL FOR PETITIONER:
 THE NAME AND ADDRESS OF PETITIONER:

 

   Planet Inhouse, Inc.               Nathanial C. Brown

   Attn: Todd Hillhouse, President    Carriere & Little, LLP

   P.O. Box 411306                    8001 S. Interport Blvd, Ste 310

   Melbourne, FL 32941                Englewood, CO 80112

   321-895-4359                       720-961-5386

   todd.hillhouse@planetinhouse.com   nbrown@carrierelittle.com
 BACKGROUND OF PETITIONER

 

           Petitioner is a multifaceted digital media, film, and video production company founded by Todd
 Hillhouse in 2001 to bring together the best minds and talent in order to produce powerful messages,
 content, and visual elements for a variety of clients and industries. Mr. Hillhouse is a FAA licensed private
 pilot and holds a valid 1st class medical certificate, and Mr. Hillhouse has extensive experience as a hobbyist
 UAS pilot. Mr. Hillhouse's background in aviation, film, video, and photography production, and his
 knowledge and experience with UAS and wireless communications provide a level of trust that will ensure
 the integrity and safety of all UAS operations conducted by Petitioner pursuant to the requested exemptions.

           Petitioner has a long standing reputation for excellence and safety and serves as an entryway for
 their clients to attain a dedicated and award winning team that serves much like an in-house media
 department with unprecedented, world-class production capabilities. Petitioner seeks to build on its years
 of safe and successful productions and leverage Mr. Hillhouse's aviation skills and knowledge to offer the
 widest possible range of UAS services in a manner consistent with the parameters set forth in § 333 of the
 Reform Act. Petitioner seeks the requested exemptions to permit Petitioner to offer commercial UAS
 services for a variety of industries and applications, including:

 

            Aerial surveying and mapping

            Precision Agriculture inspections

            Aerial photography

            Aerial videography and video marketing

            Real estate marketing and inspections

            Exterior structure inspections

            Public entity support operations

            UAS training, and

            Volunteer search and rescue operations

 

           Petitioner plans to conduct operations under the requested exemptions using the DJI Inspire 1, DJI
 S800 EVO, and DJI Phantom 2 small UAS.

 

 REQUESTED EXEMPTIONS

 

           Petitioner requests relief from the following regulations:

 

            14 CFR Part 21;

            14 CFR § 45.23(b);

            14 CFR § 61.113(a) & (b);

            14 CFR § 61.315(a) & (c);

            14 CFR § 91.7(a);

            14 CFR § 91.9(b)(2);

            14 CFR § 91.103(b)(1);

            14 CFR § 91.109(a);

            14 CFR § 91.119;

            14 CFR § 91.121;

            14 CFR § 91.151(a);

            14 CFR § 91.203;
            14 CFR § 91.405(a);

            14 CFR § 91.407(a)(1);

            14 CFR § 91.409(a)(2);

            14 CFR § 91.417(a) & (b)

 

 EXTENT OF RELIEF SOUGHT BY PETITIONER AND REASONS FOR SEEKING SUCH RELIEF

 

           14 CFR Part 21, Subpart H: Airworthiness Certificates

 

           This section establishes the procedural requirements for the issuance of airworthiness certificates
 and other airworthiness approvals. Given the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated
 with the UAS to be utilized by Petitioner, an exemption from 14 CFR Part 21, Subpart H (Airworthiness
 Certificates), subject to certain conditions and limitations, is warranted, and meets the requirements for an
 equivalent level of safety under 14 CFR Part 11 and § 333 of the Reform Act. 49 USC § 44701(f) and
 § 333 of the Reform Act both authorize the FAA to exempt aircraft, including UAS, from the requirement
 for an airworthiness certificate upon consideration of the size, weight, speed, operational capabilities,
 proximity to airports and populated areas, and operation within visual line of sight. The UAS operated
 without an airworthiness certificate in the restricted environment and under the conditions and limitations
 proposed by Petitioner will be at least as safe, or safer, than a conventional aircraft (fixed wing or rotorcraft)
 operating with an airworthiness certificate issued under 14 CFR Part 21, Subpart H, and not subject to the
 proposed limitations and conditions.

           The UAS to be operated by Petitioner (DJI Inspire 1,1 DJI S800 EVO,2 and DJI Phantom 23) all
 weigh much less than 55 lbs. fully loaded, will be operated at a speed of no more than 50 knots, will carry
 neither a pilot nor passengers, will carry no explosive or flammable materials or fuel, and will be operated
 exclusively in predetermined, controlled-access environments. Petitioner's UAS will use a radio frequency
 spectrum for operation and control that complies with Federal Communications Commission ("FCC")
 requirements, and will be operated only in accordance with the procedures proposed herein and as may be
 established by the FAA.

           Petitioner's UAS will be equipped with redundant safety mechanisms allowing safe operation after
 experiencing certain in-flight failures. If a lost-link event occurs, including loss of ground communications
 or loss of GPS signal, Petitioner's UAS will have the ability to perform a pre-coordinated, predictable,
 automated flight maneuver and return to a predetermined location within a designated security perimeter
 for landing.

           Unlike operations of other civil aircraft, operations under the requested exemptions will be tightly
 controlled and monitored by both the pilot in command ("PIC") and a Visual Observer ("VO") in order to
 ensure the Petitioner's UAS remains within operational limitations and to ensure the safety of operations.
 These enhancements to current safety practices and regulations provide a greater degree of safety to the
 public and property owners than conventional aircraft operations conducted by aircraft with an
 airworthiness certificate. Lastly, there is no intrinsic credible threat to national security posed by UAS due
 to the size, speed, restricted operational environments, lack of explosive materials and flammable fuels or
 other liquids, and inability to carry passengers or a substantial external load.

 

 
 
 
 

 1  See Appendix A 
 2  See Appendix B 
 3  See Appendix C 
 
 
 

           14 CFR § 45.23(b): Display of Marks

 

           This section requires that "[w]hen marks include only the Roman capital letter "N" and the
 registration number is displayed on limited, restricted, or light-sport category aircraft or experimental or
 provisionally certificated aircraft, the operator must also display on that aircraft near each entrance to the
 cabin, cockpit, or pilot station, in letters not less than 2 inches nor more than 6 inches high, the words
 "limited," "restricted," "light-sport," "experimental," or "provisional," as applicable."

           Even though the Petitioner's UAS will have no airworthiness certificate, an exemption may be
 necessary as the UAS will have no entrance to the cabin, cockpit, or pilot station on which the word
 "experimental," etc., can be placed. Also, given the size of Petitioner's UAS, two-inch lettering will be
 impossible. Petitioner understands the need for markings and will mark all of its UASs in the largest
 possible lettering on the UAS fuselage so that anyone observing Petitioner's UAS will be able to see the
 markings.

 

           14 CFR § 61.113(a) & (b): Private Pilot Privileges and Limitations: Pilot in Command (PIC) and

           14 CFR § 61.315(a) & (c): Sport Pilot Privileges and Limitations

 

           These sections limit private pilots and sport pilots to non-commercial operations. Because
 Petitioner's UAS will not carry a pilot or passengers, the proposed operations can achieve the equivalent
 level of safety of current operations by requiring the PIC operating Petitioner's UAS to have a private pilot's
 or sport pilot's license rather than a commercial pilot's license to operate Petitioner's small UAS. Unlike
 a conventional aircraft that carries the pilot and passengers, Petitioner's UAS are remotely controlled with
 no persons onboard. The area of operation will be controlled and restricted, and all flights will be planned
 and coordinated in advance. The risks associated with the operation of Petitioner's UAS are so diminished
 from the level of risk associated with commercial operations contemplated by 14 CFR Part 61 when drafted,
 that allowing operations of Petitioner's UAS as requested with a private pilot or sport pilot as the PIC

 exceeds the present level of safety achieved by 14 CFR §§ 61.113(a) & (b) and 61.315(a) & (c).

 

           14 CFR § 91.7(a): Civil Aircraft Airworthiness

 

           This section prohibits any person from operating a civil aircraft unless it is in an airworthy
 condition. As there will be no airworthiness certificate issued for Petitioner's UAS, should this exemption
 be granted, no FAA regulatory standard will exist for determining airworthiness. Given the size of the
 aircraft and the requirements contained in the UAS manufacturer's manuals4 and use of safety checklists5
 prior to each flight, an equivalent level of safety will be provided. In accordance with the pertinent part of

 14 CFR §  91.7(b), the PIC for all of Petitioner's UAS operations shall be responsible for determining
 whether the aircraft is in a safe condition for flight, including the use of pre-flight safety checklists.6

 

 
 
 
 
 
 

 4  See Appendix A, Appendix B, and Appendix C 

 5  See Appendix D 
 6  Id. 
 
           14 CFR § 91.9(b)(2): Civil Aircraft Flight Manual, Marking, and Placard Requirements

 

           This sections provides in pertinent part that "[n]o person may operate a U.S.-registered civil aircraft
 ... For which an Airplane or Rotorcraft Flight Manual is not required by § 21.5 of this chapter, unless there
 is available in the aircraft a current approved Airplane or Rotorcraft Flight Manual, approved manual
 material, markings, and placards, or any combination thereof." Petitioner's UAS, given their size and
 configuration, have no ability to carry a physical flight manual on the aircraft. The equivalent level of
 safety will be maintained by keeping the flight manual at the ground control point where the PIC operating
 Petitioner's UAS will have immediate access to it.

 

           14 CFR § 91.103(b)(1): Preflight Action

 

           This regulation requires each PIC to take certain actions before flight to insure the safety of each
 flight. As FAA approved rotorcraft flight manuals will not be provided for the aircraft, an exemption will
 be needed. Petitioner will comply with the other applicable procedures and requirements stated in
 §  91.103(a) & (b). Specifically, the PIC will take all action including reviewing weather, flight battery
 requirements, aircraft performance data, and landing and takeoff distances before initiating a flight. The
 PIC will also account for all relevant site-specific conditions in their preflight procedures.7 Risks presented
 by sun glare will be mitigated by the PIC's and VO's ability to see other air traffic and initiate a return-to-
 home sequence if needed.

 

           14 CFR § 91.109(a): Flight Instruction

 

           This section provides in pertinent part that "[n]o person may operate a civil aircraft (except a
 manned free balloon) that is being used for flight instruction unless that aircraft has fully functioning dual
 controls." UAS, by their design, do not have functional dual controls. Flight control is accomplished
 through the use of a control box that communicates with the aircraft via radio communications. Given the
 size and speed of Petitioner's UAS, an equivalent level of safe training can be achieved without dual
 controls because no pilot or passengers are aboard the UAS and all persons will be a safe distance away in
 the event that the UAS experiences any difficulties during flight instruction. The FAA has approved
 exemptions for flight training without fully functional dual controls for a number of aircraft and for flight
 instruction in experimental aircraft. See Exemptions Nos. 5778K and 9862A.

 

           14 CFR § 91.119: Minimum Safe Altitudes

 

           This section establishes minimum safe altitudes for operation of civil aircraft. § 91.119(d) allows
 helicopters to be operated at less than the minimums prescribed, provided the person operating the
 helicopter complies with any route or altitudes prescribed for helicopters by the FAA. Similarly,
 §  91.119(c) provides that, over other than congested areas, no person may operate an aircraft below an
 altitude of 500 AGL, except over open water or sparely populated areas. As this exemption is for a UAS
 that closely mimics the flight characteristics of a helicopter, and the exemption requests authority to operate
 at altitudes no higher than 400 feet AGL, an exemption may be needed to allow such operations.

           As set forth herein, Petitioner's UAS will never operate at higher than 400 feet AGL, nor beyond
 visual line of sight ("VLOS") of the PIC and VO, whichever is closer. It will, however, be operated in a

 7  Id. 
 
 restricted area with individuals tasked with ensuring public safety, and where buildings and people will not
 be exposed to operations without their pre-obtained consent and training.

           The equivalent level of safety will be achieved given the size, weight, and speed of Petitioner's
 UAS as well as the restricted environments within which they will be operated. No flight will be taken
 without the permission of the property owner. Because of the advance notice to the property owner and the
 participants in the UAS operation, all affected individuals will be aware of the planned flight operations.
 Compared to flight operation with manned aircraft or rotorcraft weighing far more than Petitioner's UAS
 and the lack of flammable fuels onboard, any risk associated with Petitioner's operations is far less than
 that presently presented by conventional aircraft operating at or below 500 feet AGL. In addition, the low-
 altitude operations of Petitioner's UAS will ensure separation between Petitioner's UAS operations and the
 operations of conventional aircraft that must comply with §  91.119. Furthermore, the manufacturer of
 Petitioner's UAS, DJI, has implemented Firmware updates that limit UAS flights around airports, along
 with distance and elevation limits.

 

           14 CFR § 91.121: Altimeter Settings

 

           In pertinent part, this section requires each person operating an aircraft to maintain cruising altitude
 by reference to an altimeter that is set to "...the elevation of the departure airport or an appropriate altimeter
 setting available before departure." As Petitioner's UAS may not have a barometric altimeter, but instead
 a GPS altitude readout, an exemption may be needed. An equivalent level of safety will be achieved by the
 PIC confirming the altitude of the launch site shown on the GPS altitude indicator, and prior to each flight,
 a zero altitude initiation point will be established and confirmed for accuracy by the PIC. The PIC will also
 ensure effective pairing with multiple GPS sources to guarantee accurate detection of altitude.

 

           14 CFR § 91.151(a): Fuel Requirements for Flight in VFR Conditions

 

           This section prohibits a person from beginning "a flight in an airplane under VFR conditions unless
 (considering wind and forecast weather conditions) there is enough fuel to fly to the first point of intended
 landing, and, assuming normal cruising speed--(1) during the day, to fly after that for at least 30 minutes;
 or (2) at night, to fly after that for at least 45 minutes."

           The battery powering Petitioner's UAS provide approximately 12-15 minutes of powered flight in
 hover mode without payload. Thus, Petitioner's UAS will not be able to meet the 30 minute reserve
 requirement contained in 14 CFR §  91.151(a). Operating Petitioner's UAS in a tightly controlled area
 where only people or property owners or official representatives who have signed waivers will be allowed,
 with less than 30 minutes of reserve power, does not engender the type of dangers that §  91.151(a) was
 intended to alleviate given the size and speed of Petitioner's UAS. Petitioner believes that an equivalent
 level of safety can be achieved by prohibiting Petitioner's PIC from beginning any flights unless,
 considering the wind and forecast weather conditions, there is enough available power for Petitioner's UAS
 to conduct the intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve power
 recommended by the manufacturer, whichever is greater. This restriction would be more than adequate to
 return the Petitioner's UAS to its planned landing zone from anywhere in its limited operating area. FAA
 has granted similar exemptions; see e.g. Exemption Nos. 2689F, 5745, 10673, and 10808.

 

           14 CFR § 91.203(a) & (b): Civil Aircraft: Certifications Required

 

           This regulation provides in pertinent part that "(a)...no person may operate a civil aircraft unless it
 has within it the following: (1) an appropriate and current airworthiness certificate... (b) No person may

 
 operate a civil aircraft unless the airworthiness certificate required by paragraph (a) of this section ... is
 displayed at the cabin or cockpit entrance so that it is legible to passengers or crew."

           Petitioner's UAS fully loaded weighs less than 55 pounds and is operated without a pilot,
 passengers, or crew onboard. As such, there is no is ability or place to carry certification and registration
 documents or to display them on Petitioner's UAS. An equivalent level of safety will be achieved by
 keeping these documents at the ground control station where the PIC will have immediate access to them,
 to the extent they are applicable to Petitioner's UAS. FAA has issued numerous exemptions to this section;
 see e.g. Exemption Nos. 9565, 9665, 9789, 9789A, 9797, and 10700.

 

           14 CFR §§ 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (2), and 91.417(a) & (b): Maintenance
           Inspections

 

           These regulations require that an aircraft operator or owner "shall have that aircraft inspected as
 prescribed in subpart E of this part and shall between required inspections, except as provided in paragraph
 (c) of this section, have discrepancies repaired as prescribed in part 43 of this Chapter...;" and others shall
 inspect or maintain the aircraft in compliance with Part 43.

           Given that these sections and Part 43 apply only to aircraft with an airworthiness certificate, these
 sections will not apply to Petitioner. Petitioner will strictly adhere to the safety and maintenance procedures
 included in all applicable UAS manufacturer's instructions and operating manuals.8 To the extent such
 information is not included in the guidelines as developed by the manufacturers, Petitioner will undertake
 to develop and document maintenance, overhaul, replacement, and inspection requirements, and procedures
 to document and maintain maintenance records with regards to Petitioner's UAS.9 An equivalent level of
 safety will be achieved because Petitioner's UAS are very limited in size and will carry small payloads and
 operate only in restricted areas for limited periods of time. If mechanical issues arise, Petitioner's UAS can
 land immediately and will be operating from no higher than 400 AGL. The Petitioner will ensure that its
 UAS are in working order prior to initiating each flight, perform regular maintenance, and keep a log of
 any maintenance performed. Moreover, Petitioner is the person most familiar with the aircraft and is best
 suited to maintain the aircraft in an airworthy condition in order to ensure safe operations.

 

 EQUIVALENT LEVEL OF SAFETY

 

           Petitioner proposes that the exemptions requested herein apply to civil aircraft that have the
 characteristics and that operate within the limitations listed herein. Petitioner's requested exemptions will
 not adversely affect safety, and Petitioner's proposed operational limits will provide for at least an
 equivalent or even greater degree of safety than for similar operations conducted using conventional,
 manned aircraft, due to the size, speed, and limited operating area of Petitioner's UAS.

           The UAS Petitioner plans to operate are small, multi-rotor rotorcraft, each weighing much less than
 55 pounds including their payload. They will operate, under normal conditions, at a speed of no more than
 50 knots. Operations will be performed by a fully qualified and trained UAS PIC, as outlined below, to
 ensure that Petitioner's UAS will "not create a hazard to users of the national airspace system or the public."
 Given the small size of Petitioner's UAS and the pre-planned, controlled-access environment within which
 they will operate, Petitioner believes that these operations fall squarely within that zone of safety in which
 Congress envisioned that the FAA must, by exemption, allow commercial operations of UAS to commence
 immediately. Also, operation in a secured, pre-defined area will prevent the possibility of a national
 
 
 8  See Appendix A, Appendix B, and Appendix C 
 9  See Appendix E, Appendix F, and Appendix G 

 
 security issue. The operation of Petitioner's UAS by knowledgeable aviation professionals with experience
 in the national airspace system ("NAS") will serve to enhance safety, add to the public benefit, and reduce
 environmental impacts related to current methods of aerial operations of the kind proposed by Petitioner.

 

           The limitations and conditions to which Petitioner agrees to be bound when conducting commercial
 operations under this petition include but are not limited to the following, at a minimum:

 

      1. Safety will be the first and foremost consideration for all of Petitioner's UAS operations.
      2. Petitioner will conduct operations using only the DJI Inspire 1, DJI S800 EVO, and DJI Phantom

           2 UASs, each of which weighs less than 55 pounds fully loaded.
      3. Petitioner's UAS PIC will be required to be an FAA licensed airman with at least a Sport Pilot

           certificate and hold at least an FAA Third Class Medical certificate or valid driver's license.
      4. Petitioner's UAS PIC will be responsible at all times for the safe operation of each flight conducted

           pursuant to the requested exemptions.
      5. All flights will be operated within VLOS of the PIC at all times.
      6. All operations will utilize a visual observer ("VO"). The VO will be used to maintain VLOS with

           the UAS so long as the PIC also always maintains VLOS capability, and the PIC and VO will at
           all times remain close enough to be able to communicate verbally during flight operations. The
           PIC will be responsible for ensuring that the VO can perform the duties required by the VO.
      7. The UAS will operate at no more than 50 knots, and in no case will UAS be operated at airspeeds
           greater than the maximum operating airspeed recommended by the UAS manufacturer.
      8. This exemption, if granted, and all other documents needed to operate Petitioner's UAS and
           conduct operations in accordance with the limitations and conditions as set forth herein and as
           established by the FAA will at all times be kept with the PIC at the ground control station and will
           be immediately available upon request.
      9. Petitioner's UAS will utilize GPS navigation, failsafe, return-to-home ("RTH"), and/or flight abort
           safety features.
      10. The PIC will be prohibited from beginning a flight unless, considering the wind and forecast
           weather conditions, there is enough available power for Petitioner's UAS to conduct the intended
           operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve power recommended
           by the manufacturer, whichever is greater.
      11. Flights will be operated at an altitude at or below 200 feet above ground level ("AGL") under
           normal conditions, and will never exceed 400 feet AGL.
      12. Petitioner will not allow its PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the ability to safely operate
           Petitioner's UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated as proposed herein,
           including evasive and emergency maneuvers and maintaining appropriate distances from persons
           and property, and including familiarization with applicable airspace restrictions and the UAS
           operations manuals.
      13. Operations will never be conducted at night. Daytime operations will only be conducted under
           Visual Flight Rules ("VFR") conditions.
      14. Petitioner's UAS will only be operated within a pre-planned, controlled-access flight perimeter
           sized so as to allow the PIC and VO to maintain VLOS with the UAS at all times during flight
           operations.
      15. A briefing will be conducted in regard to each planned UAS operation, and the safety thereof, prior
           to operation at each new location.

 
 
 
 

       16. All persons not directly involved with UAS flight operations will be prohibited from entering the
           flight perimeter unless there exists therein barriers or structures sufficiently robust to protect
           nonparticipating persons from the UAS and/or debris in the event of an accident.

       17. All UAS operations will be conducted over private or controlled-access property with permission
            from the property owner or property controller or their respective authorized representative.
            Permission from the property owner or controller or their authorized representative will be obtained
            prior to each operation.

       18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, it will have the capability to return to a
            pre-determined location within the flight perimeter.

       19. The PIC will have the power, and the duty, to abort all flight operations in the event of unpredicted
            obstacles or emergencies.

 

 The Requested Exemptions Promote the Public Interest

 

            The enhanced safety achieved by replacing significantly larger manned aircraft carrying crew,
 passengers, and flammable fuel with small UAS carrying no passengers, crew, or flammable fuel under the
 specific guidelines and procedures proposed by Petitioner gives FAA good cause to find that the UAS
 operations enabled by this petition are in the public interest. Moreover, by replacing the manned aircraft
 traditionally used for the kinds of operations proposed by Petitioner with small UAS, Petitioner will be able
 to provide aerial operations services at a greatly reduced cost, making these kinds of services available to a
 greater range of businesses and consumers, thereby enhancing the utility of aerial operations and benefitting
 the economy as a whole. Similarly, the small, electric, battery-powered UAS utilized by Petitioner will
 benefit the public as a whole by greatly reducing the pollution and ecological impact associated with
 traditional aircraft and rotorcraft operations.

           Congress and the FAA, through passage of the Reform Act and in numerous Exemptions (see e.g.
 Exemption No. 11 062), have already recognized that UAS provide a greater degree of flexibility and safety
 than traditional manned aircraft when used within certain operational limits and for the kinds of operations
 proposed herein by Petitioner. Granting Petitioner exemption to operate its UAS commercially furthers
 economic growth and public safety while limiting the ecological impacts of aerial operations. Thus, FAA
 has good cause to grant this petition.

 

 Conclusion

 

 For the forgoing reasons, the exemptions requested by Petitioner herein should be granted and Petitioner
 should be permitted to conduct commercial UAS operations in accordance with the limitations and
 conditions proposed herein and as established by the FAA.

 

                                                                                     Respectfully submitted,
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

                                                                                          Counsel for Petitioner

                                                                                         Planet Inhouse, Inc.
 
 
 
 
 
 

                                      APPENDIX A

 

                       DJI Inspire 1--Operations Documents

 
     INSPIRE 1

        User Manual G]J

                  2015.3
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 
 Using this manual

 

  Legends
 

         Warning  Important          Hints and Tips  Reference

 
 

  Before Flight

 

  The following tutorials and manuals have been produced to ensure you to make full use of your Inspire 1.

 

1.Disclaimer

2.In the Box

3.Inspire 1 Quick Start Guide

  4.Safety Guidelines

  5.Inspire 1 User Manual

  6.Intelligent Flight Battery Safety Guidelines

 

  Watching all the tutorial videos and reading the Disclaimer before flight is recommended. Afterwards,

prepare for your first flight by using the Inspire 1 Quick Start Guide. Refer to this manual for more

  comprehensive information.

 

  Watch the video tutorials

 

  Please watch the tutorial video below to learn how to use Inspire 1 correctly and safely:

www.dji.com/product/inspire-1/video

 

  Download the DJI Pilot app

 

  Download and install the DJI Pilot app before use. Scan the QR code or visit

   "http://m.dji.net/djipilot" to download the app.

 
 
 

  For the best experience, use mobile device with Andriod V 4.1.2 or above. Requires iOS 8.0 or later.

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

  2 © 2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.

 
        Contents                                                        2
                                                                        2
                                                                        2
                                                                        2
 
                                                                        6
             Using this manual                                          6
                                                                        7
                        Legends                                         9
                                                                        9
 
                                                                       12
                        Before Flight                                  12
                                                                       12
                                                                       13
                                                                       15
                        Watch the video tutorials                      16
                                                                       17
                                                                       17
                                                                       18
                        Download the DJI Pilot app
                                                                       24
                                                                       24
                                                                       29
             Product Profile                                           31
                                                                       32
                        Introduction                                   33

                                                                       35
                                                                       36
                        Feature Highlights
                                                                3© 2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.
 

                        Assemble the Aircraft

 

                        Aircraft Diagram

 

                        Remote Controller Diagram

 

             Aircraft

                        Flight Controller

 

                        Flight Mode

 

                        Flight Status Indicator

 

                        Return to Home (RTH)

 

                        Dynamic Home Point

 

                        Vision Positioning System

 

                        Flight Recorder

 

                        Attaching and Detaching the Propellers

 

                        DJI Intelligent Flight Battery

 

             Remote Controllers

                        Remote Controller Profile

 

                        Remote Controller Operations

 

                        Dual Remote Controllers Mode

 

                        Remote Controller Status LED

 

                        Linking the Remote Controller

 

                        Remote Controller Compliance Version

 

             Gimbal and Camera

                        Camera Profile

 

                        Gimbal

 
 

 

 
                                                                   40
                                                                   43
                                                                   43
                                                                   43
 
                                                                   45
             DJI Pilot App                                         45
                                                                   49
                                                                   49
                                                                   50
                        Camera                                     51
                                                                   51
                        Map
                                                                   57
                        Academy                                    60
                                                                   61
                        User Center                                62

  
          Flight  

                        Flight Environment Requirements

                                      

                        Flight Limits and Flight Restriction Area

                                      

                        Preflight Checklist

                                      

                        Calibrating the Compass

                                      

                        Auto Take-off and Auto Landing

                                      

                        Starting/Stopping the Motors

                                      

                        Flight Test

 

             FAQ

 

             Appendix

                        Specifications

 

                        Intelligent Orientation Control (IOC)

 

                        How to Update Firmware

 

                        FCC Compliance
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

  4 © 2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

                        Product Profile

 

                                                This chapter describes the features of

                                                Inspire 1, instructs you to assemble the

                                                aircraft and explains the components on

                                                the aircraft and remote controllers.

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

                                                                                     5© 2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.

 
Product Profile   Product Profile

                  

                   Introduction

                  

                   The Inspire 1 is brand new quadcopter capable of capturing 4K video and transmitting an HD video
                   signal (up to 2km) to multiple devices straight out of the box. Equipped with retractable landing gear, it
                   can capture an unobstructed 360 degree view from its camera. The built-in camera has an integrated
                   gimbal to maximize stability and weight efficiency while minimizing space. When no GPS signal is
                   available, Vision Positioning technology provides hovering precision.

                  

                   Feature Highlights

                  

                   Camera and Gimbal: Up to 4K video recording and 12 megapixel photo capture. Reserved mounting
                   space for ND filters for better exposure control. New quick-release mount allows you to remove the
                   camera with ease.

                  

                   HD Video Downlink: Low latency, HD downlink powered by an enhanced version of the DJI Lightbridge

                   system. It also provides dual controllers mode.

                  

                   Landing gear: Retractable landing gear that enables an unobstructed panoramic view from the camera.
                   DJI Intelligent Flight Battery: 4500 mAh DJI Intelligent Flight Battery employs new battery cells and a
                   battery management system.

                  

                   Flight Controller: The next generation flight controller system provides a more reliable flight experience.
                   A new flight recorder stores the flight data from each flight, and Vision Positioning enhances hovering
                   precision when no GPS is available.
                  

                  
                   Assemble the Aircraft

                  

                   Unlocking Travel Mode

                   The aircraft is in Travel Mode during delivery. Follow these steps to change it to Landing Mode before
                   your first flight:
                   1. Insert the Intelligent Flight Battery into the battery compartment.
                   2. Power on the Remote Controller and the Intelligent Flight Battery.
                   3. Toggle the Transformation Switch up and down at least four times.

                   4. Power off the aircraft.

                                             Travel Mode  Toggle×4  Landing Mode
                  

                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  

                  
 

  6 © 2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.

 
                                                                                                            INSPIRE 1 User Manual  Product Profile

 

 

             Battery must be fully charged before using it for the first time. Refer to "Charging the Intelligent

             Flight Battery" (P21) for more information .

             If you have purchased the dual remote controller version, you must use the Master remote

             controller to deactivate Travel Mode. Refer to "Setting Up Dual Remote Controllers Mode" (P30)

             section for more infromation about Master remote controller.

             Be sure to remove the gimbal from the aircraft before switch from Landing Mode to Travel Mode.
             Place the aircraft on the smooth and reflective surface (e.g. table or tile) before switching between

             the travel modes to the landing mode. Do not place the aircraft on the rough and sound-absorbing

             surface (e.g. carpet) before switching between the travel modes and landing mode.

 

 

  Installing Gimbal and Camera

   1. Remove Gimbal Cover.

   2. Rotate the Gimbal Lock to the unlocked position (to the right when facing the nose of the aircraft).

   3. Insert the gimbal by aligning the white mark on the Gimbal.

   4. Rotate the Gimbal Lock back into the locked position.

 

 
 
   1 
                             
   Gimbal Cover

                                               3 Gimbal Lock

 
                                                                                                  Mounting Place

  
                                                                                                  Gimbal Connector

  

                                        2 Locked

 

 
 

           Ensure the Micro-SD card is correctly inserted into the camera.

 

 

   Attaching Propellers

  Attach propellers with the black nut onto motors with the black dot and spin counter-clockwise to secure.
  Attach propellers with gray nut onto motors without a black dot and spin clockwise to secure.

 

                                                                                                7© 2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.

 
                   INSPIRE 1 User Manual

                  
                  

                            Place all propellers onto the correct motor and tighten by hand to ensure security before flight.

                  

                  

                   Attaching 1345s Quick-Release Propellers

                    The 1345s Quick-Release propeller is the upgrade version of the propellers that greatly enhance the
                    reliability of the propeller during the flight. Following the steps below to attach the 1345s Quick-Release

                   propellers.

                  

                   1. Install the propellers with a white dot onto the mounting plates that have a white dot, and install the

Product Profile       propellers without a white dot onto the mounting plates that do not have a white dot.

                  

                  

                                          White dot               Without white dot
                                                        
                  
                                                       Without
                                          White dot
                                                       white dot
                  
                  
                  

                  

                    2. Align the hook (A) on the propellers with the securing spring (B), then press down the propeller onto

                      the mounting plate then rotate the propellers according to the lock direction until it is secured.

                  

                  

                   Preparing Remote Controller

                   Tilt the Mobile Device Holder to the desired position then adjust the antenna as shown.
                   1. Press the button on the side of the Mobile Device Holder to release the clamp, adjust it to fit then attach

                      your mobile device.
                   2. Connect your mobile device to the remote controller with a USB cable.
                   3. Plug one end of the cable into your mobile device, and the other end into the USB port on the back of

                      the remote controller.

                  

                  
                   8 © 2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.

                  
                                                 INSPIRE 1 User Manual

                          [1]           [1] GPS

                       [7]         
  Aircraft Diagram     [8]
                                 [2] Propeller (P17)
 
                               [2]
 
                               [3] [3] Motor
  
                               [4]
  
                                 [4] Front LED (P12)
                               [5]
  [6]  
                                        [5] Landing gear                                              Product Profile
  
                                
                                 [6] Gimbal and Camera (P35)
                                 
                                   
                                 [7] Intelligent Flight Battery (P18)
 
                               [9]  
   [11]
                               [10]     [8] Aircraft Micro-USB Port
                                              

                                 [9] Rear LED (P12)
                                             
                                     [10] Camera Micro-USB Port

                                             
                                 [11] Camera Micro-SD Card Slot (P35)
                                         
                                      
                                         
                               [12]

                               [13] [12] Vision Positioning Sensors (P16)

                                     [13] Aircraft Status Indicator (P13)

                                       [1] Antennas (P29)
                                           Relays aircraft control and video signal.

  Remote Controller Diagram            [2] Mobile Device Holder

                               [1]

                                           Mounting place for your mobile device.
                               [2] [3] Control Stick
 
                                           Controls aircraft orientation.
 
                                          
 
                                       [4] Return Home (RTH) Button (P13)
                               [3] Press and hold the button to initiate Return to
                               [4] Home (RTH).
                     
                               [5]
  [9]
  [8]                          [6] [5] Transformation Switch (P27)
                                           Toggle the switch up or down to raise or lower
                                           the landing gear.

  [7]                                                              9© 2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.

 

 
 

 
                   INSPIRE 1 User Manual                           [8] Power Button

                  

                   [6] Battery Level LEDs

                         Displays the current battery level.       Used to power on or power off the remote controller.

                    [7] Status LED                                 [9] RTH LED

                         Displays the power status.                Circular LED around the RTH button displays RTH status.

                  
                  

                                                                                                                                                 

                    [10] Camera Settings Dial                                                            [16] [17] [18] [19]                     
                                                                                                                                                 
Product Profile           Turn the dial to adjust camera settings.                                                                               
                          Only functions when the remote controller is

                         connected to a mobile device running the DJI                                                                            

                         Pilot app.                                                                [15]                                         [10]

                    [11] Playback Button                                                           [14]                                         [11]
                          Playback the captured images or videos.
                                                                                                                                                 
                    [12] Shutter Button
                                                                                                   [13]                                         [12]

                         Press to take a photo. If in burst mode, the

                         set number of photos will be taken with one
                         press.

                   [13] Flight Mode Switch
                         Used to switch between P, A and F mode.

                  

                   [14] Video Recording Button

                         Press to start recording video. Press again to                             
                         stop recording.                                                           [18] CAN Bus Port

                   [15] Gimbal Dial                                                                     Reserved for future use.

                         Use this dial to control the tilt of the gimbal.                          [19] USB Port

                   [16] Mini-HDMI Port                                                                  Connect to mobile device to access all of the
                                                                                                        DJI Pilot app controls and features.
                        Connect an HD compatible monitor to this
                        port to get a live HD video preview of what the                             
                        camera sees.
                                                                                                    
                   [17] Micro-USB Port                                                              
                                                                                                    
                         For connecting the remote controller to your                               
                         computer.
                                                                                                   [20] GPS Module
                  
                                                                                                        Used to pinpoint the location of the remote
                                                                                                        controller.

                                                                                             [20]

                                                                               [21] Back Left Button
                                                                    
                   [23]                                            [21] Customizable button in DJI Pilot app.
                  
                                                                               [22] Power Port
                  
                                                                                    Connect to a power source to charge the
                                                                                    remote controller's internal battery.

                   [22]                                                        [23] Back Right Button

                                                                                                         Customizable button in DJI Pilot app.

                         © 2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.

                   10

                  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

                        Aircraft

 
                                                This chapter describes the features of
                                                the Flight Controller, Vision Positioning
                                                System and the Intelligent Flight Battery.

 
 
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

                                                                                   11© 2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.

 
           Aircraft

           

            Flight Controller

           

            The Inspire 1's flight controller is based on DJI flight controller with several enhancements such as new

            flight mode and new safe mode. Three safe modes are available: Failsafe, Return Home and Dynamic

            Home Point. These features ensure the safe return of your aircraft if the control signal is lost. A flight

            recorder stores crucial flight data for each flight.

           
            Flight Mode

             Three flight modes are available. The details of each flight mode are found in the section below:

Aircraft     P mode (Positioning) : P mode works best when GPS signal is strong. There are three different states of P
             mode, which will be automatically selected by the Inspire 1 depending on GPS signal strength and Vision

             Positioning sensors:
                  P-GPS: GPS and Vision Positioning both are available, and the aircraft is using GPS for positioning.
                  P-OPTI: Vision Positioning is available but the GPS signal is not. Aircraft is using only Vision

                  Positioning for hovering
                  P-ATTI: Neither GPS or Vision Positioning available, aircraft is using only its barometer for positioning,

                  so only altitude is controlled.
             A mode (Attitude): The GPS and Vision Positioning System is not used for holding position. The aircraft
             only uses its barometer to maintain altitude. If it is still receiving a GPS signal, the aircraft can automatically

            return home if the Remote Controller signal is lost and if the Home Point has been recorded successfully.

            F mode (Function): Intelligent Orientation Control (IOC) is activated in this mode. For more information

            about IOC, refer to the IOC in Appendix.
           

                     Use the Flight Controller mode switch to change the flight mode of the aircraft, refer to the "Flight

                     Mode Switch" on P27 for more information.

           

           

            Flight Status Indicator

             The INSPIRE 1 comes with the Front LED, Rear LED and Aircraft Status Indicator. The positions of these

            LEDs are shown in the figure below:                          

                                                                         
           
                                                                        Aircraft Status Indicator

                                               Front LED      Rear LED

           

           

             The Front and Rear LED show the orientation of the aircraft. The Front LED displays solid red and the

             Rear LED displays solid green.
             Aircraft Status Indicator shows the system status of the flight controller. Refer to the table below for more

            information about the Aircraft Status Indicator:
           

            12 © 2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.

           
                                                                                   INSPIRE 1 User Manual

 

 

   Aircraft Status Indicator Description

 

 

   Normal                                       
                                                
                  Red, Green and Yellow Flash
                                               Power on and self-check
 

   Alternatively

            Green and Yellow Flash Alternatively Aircraft warming up

 

              Green Flashes Slowly             Safe to Fly (P mode with GPS and Vision Positioning)

 

       X2 Green Flashes Twice                  Safe to Fly (P mode with Vision Positioning but without GPS)         Aircraft
                                               Safe to Fly (A mode but No GPS and Vision Positioning)
  Yellow Flashes Slowly
 

   Warning

            Fast Yellow Flashing               Remote Controller Signal Lost
                                               Low Battery Warning
                                               Critical Low Battery Warning
                                               IMU Error
              Slow Red Flashing                Critical Error

 

              Fast Red Flashing

 

              Red Flashing Alternatively

 

       -- Solid Red

                  Red and Yellow Flash Alternatively Compass Calibration Required

 

 

  Return to Home (RTH)

 

  The Return to Home (RTH) brings the aircraft back to the last recorded Home Point. There are three cases

  that will trigger RTH procedure; they are Smart RTH, Low Battery RTH and Failsafe RTH.

 

                  GPS                                     Description
     
                                          The Home Point is the location at which your aircraft takes off when the
                                          GPS signal is strong. You can view the GPS signal strength through

     Home Point                           the GPS icon (  ). If you are using the Dynamic Home Point

                                          setting, the Home Point will be updated to your current position as you

                                                 move around and when the Aircraft Status Indicator blinks green.

 

   Smart RTH

   Using the RTH button on the remote controller (refer to "RTH button" on P28 for more information) or the

   RTH button in the DJI Pilot app when GPS is available to enables smart RTH. The aircraft return to the
   latest recorded Home Point, you may control the aircraft's orientation to avoid collision during the Smart
   RTH. Press the Smart RTH button once to start the process, press the Smart RTH button again to exit

  Smart RTH and regain the control.

 
 
 
 
 

 

                                                                        13© 2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.

 
            INSPIRE 1 User Manual

           

           

            Low Battery RTH

             The low battery level failsafe is triggered when the DJI Intelligent Flight Battery is depleted to a point that

             may affect the safe return of the aircraft. Users are advised to return home or land the aircraft immediately

             when these warnings are shown. DJI Pilot app will advise user to return the aircraft to the Home Point

             when low battery warning is triggered. Aircraft will automatically return to the Home Point if no action is

             taken after 10 seconds countdown. User can cancel the RTH by pressing once on the RTH button. The

             thresholds for these warnings are automatically determined based on the current aircraft altitude and its

             distance from the Home Point.

             Aircraft will land automatically if the current battery level can only support the aircraft to land to the ground

             from the current altitude. User can use the remote controller to control the aircraft's orientation during the

Aircraft    landing process.

           

            The Battery Level Indicator is displayed in the DJI Pilot app, and is described below

           
           

                               Critical Low battery level               Sufficient battery

                               warning(Red)                             level(Green)

            
                                                  Low battery
                                                                                                    Remaining flight time
                                                  level warning

           

           

                                                                                    Power requires

                                                                                    to return home

           

                                                               Battery level indicator

                               Remark                      Aircraft Status                          DJI Pilot app             Flight Instructions
                                                              Indicator
             Battery Level  

                 Warning

                                                                                Tap "Go-home" to have the  
                                                                                aircraft return to the Home
                                                                                point and land automatically, Fly the aircraft
                                                                                                                              back and land
                                                                                or "Cancel" to resume
                Low battery                                Aircraft status                                                    it as soon as
                                The battery                                                                                   possible, then

                level warning  power is low.               indicator blinks     normal flight. If no action is
                                                                                taken, the aircraft will
                               Please land the             RED slowly.                                                        stop the motors

                               aircraft.                                        automatically go home and and replace the

                                                                                land after 10 seconds.                        battery.

                                                                                Remote controller will sound

                                                                                an alarm.

                                                           Aircraft status      The DJI Pilot app screen will                 The aircraft will
                                                           indicator blinks     flash red and aircraft starts to              begin to descend
              Critical Low The aircraft                    RED quickly.                                                       and land
                                                                                descend. Remote controller                    automatically.
                battery level must land                                         will sound an alarm.

                warning        immediately.

                               Estimated                                                                                    
                               remaining flight
              Estimated

                remaining      based on current            N/A N/A                                                                      N/A

                flight time    battery level.

           

             14 © 2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.

           
                                                                                                            INSPIRE 1 User Manual
 

 

             When the critical battery level warning activates and the aircraft is descending to land

             automatically, you may push the throttle upward to hover the aircraft and navigate it to a more

             appropriate location for landing.

             Color zones and markers on the battery level indicator reflect estimated remaining flight time

             and are adjusted automatically, according to the aircraft's current status.

 

 

  Failsafe RTH

   Failsafe RTH is activated automatically if remote controller signal (including video relay signal) is lost for

   more than 3 seconds provided that Home Point has been successfully recorded and compass is working

   normally. Return home process may be interrupted and the operator can regain control over the aircraft if                       Aircraft

   a remote controller signal is resumed.

                              2 Confirm Home Point                                   
                                                                                    3 Remote Controller Signal Lost
  Failsafe Illustration          
                                                                                     
                              Blinking Green                                         
  1 Record Home Point (HP)
                                                                                     
                              5 Go Home(20m can be set)
                                                                                    Fast Blinking Yellow
                                                
                                                                                     
                                                               Height over HP>20m   6 Landing after Hovering 15secs
    Blinking Green                                      20m Elevate to 20m
                                                                                     
                                                               Height over HP<=20m
  4 Signal Lost Lasts 3secs.                                                        Fast Blinking Yellow
                              Fast Blinking Yellow
 

 

 

   Fast Blinking Yellow

 

   Aircraft automatically descends and lands if RTH is triggered when the aircraft flies within a 20

   meter (65 feet) radius of the Home Point.
   Aircraft cannot avoid obstruction during the Failsafe RTH, therefore it is important to set an

   reasonable Failsafe altitude before each flight. Launch the DJI Pilot app and enter "Camera"

   view and select "MODE" to set the Failsafe altitude.

   Aircraft will stop ascending and immediately return to the Home Point if you move the throttle

             stick if the aircraft reaches 20 m altitudes or beyond during Failsafe.

 

 

  Dynamic Home Point

 

  Dynamic home point is useful in situations when you are in

  motion and require a Home Point that is different from the

  takeoff point. GPS module is located at the position shown in                        
  the figure below:
                                                                                       
 
                                                                                      GPS
           Ensure the space above the GPS module is not

           obstructed when using Dynamic Home Point.

 

 
 
 
 

                                                                                      15© 2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.

 
Aircraft    INSPIRE 1 User Manual

           

            There are two options for Dynamic Home Point.
            1. Set the aircraft current coordinate as the new Home Point.
            2. Set the remote controller's coordinate as the new Home Point.

           

            Setting Up Dynamic Home Point
            Follow the steps below to setup Dynamic Home Point:
            1. Connect to the mobile device and launch the DJI Pilot app and go to the "Camera" page.
            2. Tap" "and select" ", to reset the remote controller's coordinates as the new Home Point.
            3. Tap" "and select" ", to reset the aircraft's coordinates as the new Home Point.
            4. The aircraft status indicator blinks green to show Home Point is set successfully.

           

           
            Vision Positioning System

           

            DJI Vision Positioning is a positioning system that uses ultrasonic and image data to help the aircraft
            identify its current position. With the help of Vision Positioning, your Inspire 1 can hover in place more
            precisely and fly indoors or in other environments where there is no GPS signal available. The main
            components of DJI Vision Positioning are located on the bottom of your Inspire 1, including [1]two sonar
            sensors and[2]one monocular camera.

           
           
           
           
           
           
           
           
           
           
           

           

                                                                                                                     [2]

           
           

                                                                         [1]

           

            Using Vision Positioning
            Vision Positioning is activated automatically when the Inspire 1 is powered on. No manual action is
            required. Vision Positioning is typically used in the indoor environment where no GPS is available. By
            using the sensors on the Vision Positioning system, Inspire 1 can perform precision hovering even when
            no GPS is available.

           

            16 © 2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.

           
                                                                                                            INSPIRE 1 User Manual  Aircraft

 

  Follow the steps below to use Vision Positioning:
  1. Toggle the switch to "P" as shown the figure to the right:
  2. Place the Inspire 1 on a flat surface. Notice that the Vision Positioning system

      cannot work properly on surfaces without pattern variations.
  3. Power on the Inspire 1. The aircraft status indicator will flash twice in green light,

      which indicates the Vision Positioning system is ready. Gently push the throttle up
      to lift off, and the Inspire 1 will hover in place.

 

           The performance of your Inspire 1's Vision Positioning System is subject to the surface you are
           flying over. The ultrasonic waves may not be able to accurately measure the distance over sound
           absorbing materials, and the camera may not function correctly in suboptimal environments. The

           aircraft will switch from "P" mode to "A" mode automatically if both GPS and Vision Positioning
           System are not available. So operate the aircraft cautiously when in any of the following situations:
           Flying over monochrome surfaces (e.g. pure black, pure white, pure red, pure green).

             Flying over a highly reflective surfaces.
             Flying at high speeds(over 8m/s at 2 meters or over 4m/s at 1 meter).

             Flying over water or transparent surfaces.
             Flying over moving surfaces or objects.
             Flying in an area where the lighting changes frequently or drastically.
             Flying over extremely dark (lux < 10) or bright (lux > 10,000) surfaces.

             Flying over surfaces that can absorb sound waves (e.g. thick carpet).
             Flying over surfaces without clear patterns or texture.
             Flying over surfaces with identical repeating patterns or textures (e.g. tiles with same design).
             Flying over inclined surfaces that will deflect sound waves away from the aircraft.
             In the event of loss of remote controller's signal, the aircraft will hover for 8 seconds and then

             auto-land if it is in "P" mode.

             Keep the sensors clean at all times. Dirt or other debris may adversely affect the effectiveness

             of the sensors.
             The effective hovering altitudes of the aircraft is from 0 to 2.5 meters.
             Vision Positioning system may not function properly when the aircraft is flying over water.

             Vision Positioning system may not be able to recognize pattern on the ground in low light
             conditions (less than 100lux).
             Do not use other ultrasonic devices with frequency of 40 KHz when Vision Positioning system is

             in operation.
             Vision Positioning system may not be able to stabilize the aircraft when flying close to the
             ground (below 0.5 meters) in fast speed.

 

           Keep the animals away from the aircraft when Vision Positioning system is activated. The sonar
           sensor emits high frequency sound that is only audible to some animals.

 

 
  Flight Recorder

 

  Flight data is automatically stored in the internal storage device of the aircraft. User can gain access to
  these data through the DJI Pilot app. This includes flight duration, orientation, distance, aircraft status
  information, speed, and other parameters.

 
  Attaching and Detaching the Propellers

 

  Use only DJI approved propellers with your Inspire 1. The grey or black nut on the propeller indicates
  the rotation direction of the propeller and where it should be attached. To attach the propellers properly,

 

                                                                                               17© 2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.

 
            INSPIRE 1 User Manual

           

          match the nut with the dots on the motors of your Inspire 1:

             Propellers                          Grey cap(1345)         Black cap(1345R)

           

             Figure

             Attach On   Motors without a black dot                     Motors with a black dot

                                   Lock : Turn the propellers in the indicated direction to mount and tighten
                                   Unlock : Turn the propellers in the indicated direction to loosen and remove
             Legends

           

          Attaching the Propellers

Aircraft    1. Attach the propellers with a grey nut onto a motor without a black dot and spin the propellers clockwise

               to secure them in place. Attach the propellers with a black nut onto a motor with a black dot and spin

               the propellers counter clockwise to secure its position. Be sure to completely tighten each propeller by
               hand before flight.

           

           

           
           
           

                       Ensure propellers are attached to its corresponding motors, otherwise the aircraft cannot take off.

                       Handling the propellers with care.
                       Manually tighten each of the propellers on the corresponding motors to ensure it is attached firmly.

           

            Detaching the Propellers

            Hold the motor still. Then spin the propeller in the unlock direction indicated on the propeller itself.
           

            Detaching 1345s Quick-Release Propellers

            Press the 1345s Quick-Release propellers downward firmly then rotate the propeller in the unlock

            direction to unlock the propellers.
           

                       Check that the propellers and motors are installed correctly and firmly before every flight. Ensure
                       that all propellers are in good condition before each flight. DO NOT use old, chipped, or

                       broken propellers.
                       To avoid injury, STAND CLEAR of and DO NOT touch propellers or motors when they are spinning.
                       ONLY use original DJI propellers for a better and safer flight experience.

           

           
            DJI Intelligent Flight Battery

            The DJI Intelligent Flight Battery has a capacity of 4500mAh, voltage of 22.2V, and smart charge-

            discharge functionality. It can only be charged with an appropriate DJI approved charger.
           

              Intelligent Flight Battery                                                         Charger

            18 © 2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.

           
                                                                                                            INSPIRE 1 User Manual

 

 

           Battery must be fully charged before using it for the first time. Refer to "Charging the Intelligent

           Flight Battery" P21 for more information .

 

 

  DJI Intelligent Flight Battery Functions

   1. Battery Level Display: LEDs display the current battery level.                                                                                                Aircraft
   2. Battery Life Display: LEDs display the current battery power cycle.
   3. Auto-discharging Function: The battery automatically discharges to below 65% of total power when it

      is idle (press the power button to check battery level will cause battery to exit idle state) for more than
      10 days to prevent swelling. It takes around 2 days to discharge the battery to 65%.It is normal to feel
      moderate heat emitting from the battery during the discharge process. Discharge thresholds can be
      set in the DJI Pilot app.
   4. Balanced Charging: Automatically balances the voltage of each battery cell when charging.
   5. Over charge Protection: Charging automatically stops when the battery is fully charged.

   6. Temperature Detection: The battery will only charge when the temperature is between 0 °C(32°F) and
      40°C (104°F).

   7. Over Current Protection: Battery stops charging when high amperage (more than 10A) is detected.
   8. Over Discharge Protection: Discharging automatically stops when the battery voltage reaches 18V to

      prevent over-discharge damage
   9. Short Circuit Protection: Automatically cuts the power supply when a short circuit is detected.
   10. Battery Cell Damages Protection: DJI Pilot app shows warning message when damaged battery cell

        is detected.
   11. Battery Information History: Show the last 32 entries of battery information records that include warning

        messages and so on.
   12. Sleep Mode: Sleep mode is entered after 10 minutes of inactivity to save power.
   13. Communication: Battery voltage, capacity, current, and other relevant information is provided to the

       aircraft's to the main controller.

 

   Refer to Disclaimer and Intelligent Flight Battery Safety Guidelins before use. Users take full

           responsibility for all operations and usage.

 

 

  Using the Battery             LED4                     LED3   
                     LED2                                LED1
                                                               Power Button

                                                               (Built-in LED)
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

   Powering ON/OFF
   Powering On: Press the Power Button once, then press again and hold for 2 seconds to power on. The

   Power LED will turn red and the Battery Level Indicators will display the current battery level.

  Powering Off: Press the Power Button once, then press again and hold for 2 seconds to power off.                                                              19

 

                                                                                                                              © 2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.

 
            INSPIRE 1 User Manual

           

           

            Low Temperature Notice:

Aircraft    1. The performance of the intelligent Flight Battery is significantly reduced when flying in a low
               temperature environments (those with air temperatures below 5). Ensure that the battery is fully
               charged and the cell voltage is at 4.43 V before each flight.

            2. Using the Intelligent Flight Battery in extremely low temperature environments (those with air
               temperatures below -10) is not recommended. When flying in environments with temperatures
               between 5 and -10, the Intelligent Flight Battery should be able to achieve the appropriate voltage
               levels (above 4.2 V), but it is recommended that you apply the included insulation sticker to the battery

               in order to prevent a rapid drop in temperatures.
            3. If the DJI Pilot app displays the "Critical Low Battery Level Warning" when flying in low temperature

               environments, stop flying and land the aircraft immediately. You will still be able to control the aircraft's

               movement when this warning is triggered.

            4. Store the Intelligent Flight Battery in a room temperature environment and ensure that its temperature
               exceeds 5 before using it in the low temperature environment.

            5. When using the Inspire 1 in a low temperature environment, begin by allowing the aircraft to hover at a
               low altitude, for approximately one minute, to heat the battery.

            6. To ensure optimum performance, keep the Intelligent Flight Battery's core temperature above 20

               when in use.
           

                     In cold environments, insert the battery into the battery compartment and allow the aircraft to

                     warm up for approximately 1-2 minutes before taking off.

           

           

            Checking the battery level

             The Battery Level Indicators display how much remaining power the battery has. When the battery is
             powered off, press the Power Button once. The Battery Level Indicators will light up to display the current

            battery level. See below for details.

           

                The Battery Level Indicators will also show the current battery level during charging and

                discharging. The indicators are defined below.

                      : LED is on.                 : LED is flashing.

                         : LED is off.

           

           

             Battery Level

                LED1        LED2                  LED3  LED4           Battery Level

                                                                       87.5%~100%
                                                                       75%~87.5%

                                                                       62.5%~75%
                                                                       50%~62.5%

                                                                       37.5%~50%
                                                                       25%~37.5%

                                                                       12.5%~25%
                                                                       0%~12.5%

                                                                       =0%

                © 2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.

            20

           
                                                                                                            INSPIRE 1 User Manual

 

   Battery life

  The battery life indicates how many more times the battery can be discharged and recharged before it
  must be replaced. When the battery is powered off, press and hold the Power Button for 5 seconds to

  check the battery life. The Battery Level Indicators will light up and/or blink as described below for 2

  seconds:

 

   Battery Life

   LED1          LED2                         LED3  LED4           Battery Life

                                                                   90%~100%                                                        Aircraft
                                                                   80%~90%

                                                                   70%~80%
                                                                   60%~70%

                                                                   50%~60%
                                                                   40%~50%

                                                                   30%~40%
                                                                   20%~30%

                                                                   below 20%

 

 

           When battery life reaches 0%, it can no longer be used.
 

           For more information about the battery, launch DJI Pilot app and check the information under the

           battery tab.

 

 

  Charging the Intelligent Flight Battery

   1. Connect Battery Charger to a power source (100-240V 50/60Hz).
   2. Open the Protection Cap and connect the Intelligent Flight Battery to the Battery Charger. If the battery

      level is above 95%, turn on the battery before charging.

   3. The Battery Level Indicator will display the current battery level during charging.
   4. The Intelligent Flight Battery is fully charged when Battery Level Indicators are all off.
   5. Air cool the Intelligent Flight Battery after each flight. Allow its temperature to drop to room temperature

      before storing it for an extended period.

 

   Do not charge the Intelligent Flight Battery and remote controller with standard charger (model:
   A14-100P1A) at the same time, otherwise the charger may overheat.

             Always turn off the battery before inserting it or removing it from the Inspire 1. Never insert or

             remove a battery when it is powered on.

 
 

 

                                                                                 Power Outlet

                                                          Charger   

                  Intelligent Flight Battery                        

                                                                   © 2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.  21

 
            INSPIRE 1 User Manual

           

           

             Battery Level Indicators while Charging

                LED1     LED2                     LED3      LED4                 Battery Level
                                                                                   0%~25%
                 

                                                                                 25%~50%

                                                                                 50%~75%

                                                                                 75%~100%

                                                                                 Fully Charged
           
Aircraft
            Charging Protection LED Display

            The table below shows battery protection mechanisms and corresponding LED patterns.

           

                Battery Level Indicators while Charging

                LED1 LED2 LED3 LED4 Blinking Pattern                             Battery Protection Item
                                                                                 Over current detected
                                                  LED2 blinks twice per second

                                                  LED2 blinks three times per second Short circuit detected

                                                  LED3 blinks twice per second   Over charge detected

                                                  LED3 blinks three times per second Over-voltage charger detected

                                                                                 Charging temperature is too low
                                                   LED4 blinks twice per second
                                                                                 (<0°C)

                                                    Charging temperature is too high
                                                   LED4 blinks three times per second
                                                                                 (>40°C)

           

             After any of the above mentioned protection issues are resolved, press the button to turn off the Battery

             Level Indicator. Unplug the Intelligent Flight Battery from the charger and plug it back in to resume

            charging. Note that you do not need to unplug and plug the charger in the event of a room temperature

            error, the charger will resume charging when the temperature falls within the normal range.

           

           

                     DJI does not take any responsibility for damage caused by third-party chargers.

           

                     How to discharge your Intelligent Flight Battery:

                     To effectively calibrate the battery capacity, it is recommended to charge and discharge the

                battery thoroughly for every 10 charge-and-discharge cycle. User should install the battery onto
                the aircraft and then power on the aircraft to initiate the discharge process, discharge the battery

                until the aircraft is powered off automatically. User should then fully charge the battery to ensure

                the battery is working at its optimal.

                Slow: Place the Intelligent Flight Battery into the Inspire 1's Battery Compartment and power it
                         on. Leave it on until there is less than 5% of power left, or until the battery can no longer

                         be turned on. Launch the DJI Pilot app to check battery level.
                Rapid: Fly the Inspire 1 outdoors until there is less than 5% of power left, or until the battery can

                              no longer be turned on.

           

           

             22 © 2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.

           
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

                            Remote Controllers

 

 

                                                         This chapter describes the features
                                                         of the remote controller that includes
                                                         aircraft and remote controller operations
                                                         and dual remote controller mode.

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

                                                                                               23© 2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.

 
Remote Controllers   Remote Controller

                     

                      Remote Controller Profile

                     

                      The Inspire 1 Remote Controller is a multi-function wireless communication device that integrates the

                      video downlink ground system and aircraft Remote Controller system. The video downlink and aircraft

                      Remote Controller system operate at 2.4 GHz with maximum transmission distance of 2km. The remote
                      controller features a number of camera functions, such as taking and previewing photos and video, and

                      controlling gimbal motions. The remote controller is powered by a 2S rechargeable battery. The current

                      battery level is displayed by LEDs on the front panel of the remote control.

                     

                                 Compliance Version: The Remote Controller is compliant with both CE and FCC regulations.
                                 Operating Mode: Control can be set to Mode 1 , Mode 2.
                                 Mode 1: The right stick serves as the throttle.

                                 Mode 2: The left stick serves as the throttle.

                               Do not operate more than 3 aircrafts within in the same area (size equivalent to a soccer field) to

                                prevent transmission interference.

                     

                     
                      Remote Controller Operations

                     

                      Powering On And Off The Remote Controller

                      The Inspire 1 remote controller is powered by a 2S rechargeable battery with a capacity of 6000mAh. The
                      battery level is indicated by the Battery Level LEDs on the front panel. Follow the steps below to power on

                      your remote controller:
                      1. When powered off, press the Power Button once and the Battery Level LEDs will display the current

                         battery level.
                      2. Then, press and hold the Power Button to power on the remote controller.

                      3. The Remote Controller will beep when it powers on. The Status LED will blink green (slave remote
                         controller blinks solid purple) rapidly, indicating that the remote controller is linking to the aircraft. The

                         Status LED will show a solid green light when linking is completed.
                      4. Repeat step 2 to power off the remote controller after finish using it.

                     

                     
                     
                     
                     
                     
                     
                     
                     
                     
                     
                     
                     
                     
                     
                     

                      Charging Remote Controller

                      Charge the remote controller via supplied charger.

                      24 © 2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.

                     
                                                                                                            INSPIRE 1 User Manual

 
 
 
 
 

 

                                                                                                                                                          Power Outlet

 

                                                                                                           Charger

 

             Power Button

 

  Controlling Camera

  Shoot videos or images and adjust camera settings via the Shutter Button, Camera Settings Dial, Playback

  Button and Video Recording Button on the remote control.  [1]                                                                                                         Remote Controllers

                                                            [2]

                                                             
 
                                                            [3]
 

 

                                          [4]

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

   [1] Camera Settings Dial
       Turn the dial to quickly adjust camera settings such as ISO and shutter speed without letting go of the

      remote controller. Move the dial button to left or right to view the pictures or videos in playback mode.

 

  [2] Playback Button

      Press to view images or videos that have already been captured.

 

  [3] Shutter Button
      Press to take a photo. If burst mode is activated, multiple photos will be taken with a single press.

 
  [4] Recoding Button
      Press once to start recording video, then press again to stop recording.

 

  Controlling Aircraft

  This section explains how to use the various features of the remote controller. The Remote Controller is set

  to Mode 2 by default.

 

 

                                                                                               25© 2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.

 
                      INSPIRE 1 User Manual

                     

                     

                       Stick Neutral/ mid point: Control sticks of the Remote Controller are placed at the central position.

                       Move the Stick: The control stick is pushed away from the central position.

                     

                                    

                        Remote                  Aircraft         
                       Controller  ( indicates nose direction)
                       (Mode 2)                                 Remarks
                                    
                                                                 

                                     Moving the left stick up and down changes the
                                     aircraft's elevation.
                                     Push the stick up to ascend and down to descend.
                                     Push the throttle stick up to takeoff.
                                     When both sticks are centered, the Inspire 1 will
Remote Controllers
                                     hover in place.
                                     The more the stick is pushed away from the
                                     center position, the faster the Inspire 1 will change
                                     elevation. Always push the stick gently to prevent
                                     sudden and unexpected elevation changes.
                                     Moving the left stick to the left or right controls the

                                                                rudder and rotation of the aircraft.

                                                                Push the sick left to rotate the aircraft counter
                                                                clock-wise, and push the stick right to rotate the

                                                                aircraft clockwise. If the stick is centered, the

                                                                Inspire 1 will stay facing its current direction.

                                                                           The more the stick is pushed away from the center

                                                                           position, the faster the Inspire 1 will rotate.

                                     

                                     Moving the right stick up and down changes the
                                     aircraft's forward and backward pitch.

                                                                           Push the stick up to fly forward and down to fly

                                                                backward. The Inspire 1 will hover in place if the stick

                                                                is centered.

                                                                Push the stick further away from the center position for

                                                                a larger pitch angle (maximum 35°) and faster flight.

                                                                 

                                                                Moving the right stick control left and right changes

                                                                the aircraft's left and right pitch.
                                                                Push left to fly left and right to fly right. The Inspire 1

                                                                will hover in place if the stick is centered.

                                                                                          Push the stick further away from the center position for

                                                                                          a larger pitch angle (maximum 35°) and faster flight.
                     

                                                                                          Gimbal Dial: Turn the dial to the right, and the

                                                                camera will shift to point upwards. Turn the
                                                                dial to the left, and the camera will shift to point

                                                                downwards. The camera will remain in its current

                                                                                          position when dial is static.

                     
                     
                     

                     

                       26 © 2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.

                     
                                                                                      INSPIRE 1 User Manual

                                                                        F
                                                                        A

  Flight Mode Switch

   Toggle the switch to select the desired flight mode.
   You may choose between; P mode, F mode and A

  mode.

 

   Figure             Flight Mode

   F F mode

   A A mode

        P                           P mode                              P

 

   P mode (Positioning) : P mode works best when GPS signal is strong. There are three different states of P                       Remote Controllers
   mode, which will be automatically selected by the Inspire 1 depending on GPS signal strength and Vision

   Positioning sensors:
        P-GPS: GPS and Vision Positioning both are available, and the aircraft is using GPS for positioning.

   P-OPTI: Vision Positioning is available but the GPS signal is not. Aircraft is using only Vision

   Positioning for hovering
   P-ATTI: Neither GPS or Vision Positioning available, aircraft is using only its barometer for positioning,

   so only altitude is controlled.

   A mode (Attitude): The GPS and Vision Positioning System is not used for holding position. The aircraft
   only uses its barometer to maintain altitude. If it is still receiving a GPS signal, the aircraft can automatically

   return home if the Remote Controller signal is lost and if the Home Point has been recorded successfully.
   F mode (Function): Intelligent Orientation Control (IOC) is activated in this mode. For more information
   about IOC, refer to the IOC in Appendix.

   The Flight Mode Switch is locked in P mode by default. To unlock the switch, launch the DJI Pilot app,

   enter the "Camera" page, tap "MODE", and then activate "Multiple Flight Mode" .

 

  Transformation Switch / RTH Button

  The Transformation Switch / RTH Button combination serves two functions. Toggle the switch up or down
  to raise or lower the landing gear. Or, press the button to activate the Return to Home (RTH) procedure.

  Transformation Switch
  This switch has two positions. The effect of toggling the switch to any of these positions is defined below:

 

                      Lower                                      Raise

 

   1. Raise: Raise the landing gear to its upper most position.

 

 

                                                                                               27© 2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.

 
Remote Controllers    INSPIRE 1 User Manual

                     

                     

                      2. Lower: The landing gear will lower to its lowest position for landing.

                     

                     

                               Do not raise the landing gear when the aircraft is on the ground. Ensure the landing gear is
                               lowered before landing.

                     

                      RTH button
                      Press and hold this button to start the Return to Home (RTH) procedure. The LED around the RTH Button
                      will blink white to indicate the aircraft is entering RTH mode. The aircraft will then return to the last recorded
                      Home Point. Press this button again to cancel the RTH procedure and regain the control of the aircraft.

                     
                     
                     
                     
                     
                     
                     
                     
                     
                     
                     
                     

                     

                      Connecting Mobile Device
                      Tilt the Mobile Device Holder to the desired position. Press the button on the side of the Mobile Device Holder
                      to release the clamp, and then place your mobile device into the clamp. Adjust the clamp to secure your
                      mobile device. Then connect your mobile device to the remote controller with a USB cable. Plug one end of
                      the cable into your mobile device, and the other end into the USB port on the back of the remote controller.

                     

                          © 2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.

                      28

                     
                                                                                                                        INSPIRE 1 User Manual

 

 

  Optimal Transmission Range

  The signal transmission between aircraft and remote controller perform best within the range that

  displayed in the picture shown below:
 

 
 
 

                                                                              Optimal Transmission Range

                Weak

        Strong                                                                                                                                 Remote Controllers

 

 

   Ensure the aircraft is flying within the optimal transmission range. Adjust the distance and position

   between the operator and the aircraft to achieve optimal transmission performance.

 

  Dual Remote Controllers Mode

 

  More than one remote controller can connect to the same aircraft in Dual Remote Controller mode. In

  Dual Controllers mode, the "Master" remote controller operator controls the orientation of the aircraft, while

   the "Slave" remote controller controls the movement of the gimbal and camera operation. When multiple
   "slave" remote controllers (max of 6) are connect to the aircraft, only the first connected "slave" remote

   controller is able to control the gimbal, the remaining "slave" remote controller can view the live feed video

  from the aircraft and set the camera parameters, but they cannot control the gimbal.

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

                                                              Master Remote                               Slave Remote
                                                                                                            Controller
                                                                  Controller

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

                                                                                                          29© 2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.

 
                      INSPIRE 1 User Manual

                     

                     

                               Use the gimbal dial on the remote controller to control the pitch movement of the camera in the

                                single remote controller mode, however, you cannot control the pan movement of the camera.

                     

                      Setting Up Dual Remote Controllers Mode

                      Dual Remote Controllers mode is disabled by default. Users must enable this feature on the "Master"

                      remote controller by through the DJI Pilot app. Follow the steps below for setup:

                     
                      "Master" Remote Controller:

                       1. Connect the remote controller to your mobile device and launch the DJI Pilot app.

                       2. Go to the Camera page, and tap                              to enter the remote controller settings window.

                       3. Tap "Set RC Status" to enable Master-and-Slave mode.

Remote Controllers    4. Select "Master" in the "Set RC Status" section to set the remote controller as "Master" remote controller.

                     

                                                                                                   RC Settings

                     

                     

                                                     RC Control Settings

                     

                                                            Master and Slave                                                  

                                                                                                                OFF  Master Slave
                                                     Set RC Status

                     

                          RC Name                                             T12254  Connection Password                    1234

                     

                                                             Slave RC List

                     

                     
                     
                     
                     

                      5. Enter the connection password for the "Slave" remote controller.
                     

                      "Slave" Remote Controller:

                      1. Tap "Search for Master Controller" to search the "Master" remote controller.

                     

                                                                                                   RC Settings

                     

                     

                                                     RC Control Setting

                     

                                                            Master and Slave                                                  
                     
                                                                                                                OFF  Master  Slave
                                                     Set RC Status
                                                                              S88642
                     

                                                     RC Name

                     

                                                                                      Request Control

                     

                                                                              Search for Master Controller

                                                      Master RC List

                          © 2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.

                     
                     

                      30

                     
                                                                                                            INSPIRE 1 User Manual

 

 

           Remote controller cannot link to the aircraft if the remote controller is set as "Slave". Meanwhile,

           the "Slave" remote controller cannot control the orientation of the aircraft. Reset the remote

           controller to "Master" in DJI Pilot app if you wish to link the remote controller to the aircraft.

 

  2. Search the "Master" remote controller in the surrounding area in the "Request Control" section.

 
 

                                                                              RC Settings

 

                                RC Control Settings

 

   Master and Slave

                                                                                                                                             Remote Controllers
                                Set RC Status
                                                                                           OFF   Master  Slave
  
   RC Name
                                                        S88642

 

                                                                           Request Control

 

                                                                   Search for Master Controller

 

                                        Master RC List

 

                                     T12254

 
 
 

   3. Select the "Master" remote controller from the "Master RC List" and input the connection password to

   connect to the desired "Master" remote controller.

 

 

   T12254                                                       Connection Password                             1234

 
                          Master RC List

 
 
 

   Remote Controller Status LED

   The Status LED reflects connection status between Remote Controller and aircraft. The RTH LED shows

  the Return to Home status of the aircraft. The table below contains details on these indicators.

 
 

 

                                                                                                           RTH LED
 
                                                                                                         31© 2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.
                                   Status LED

 

 
 
 
 

 
                      INSPIRE 1 User Manual                 Alarm                        Remote Controller Status
                                                                                         The remote controller set as "Master" but it is not
                                                                                         connected with the aircraft.
                                                                                         The remote controller set as "Master" and it is connected
                                                                                         with the aircraft.
                       Status LED                                                        The remote controller set as "Slave" but it is not
                                                                                         connected with the aircraft.
                           -- Solid Red                        chime                     The remote controller set as "Slave" and it is connected
                                                               chime                     with the aircraft.
                                                            D-D-                         Remote controller error.
                                                            D-D- chime
                                                                                         HD Downlink is disrupted.

                           -- Solid Green                                                Remote Controller Status.
                                                                                         Aircraft is returning home.
                     

                     

                           -- Solid Purple

                     

                     

                           -- Solid Blue

Remote Controllers                Slow Blinking Red D-D-D......
                      

                            / 

                       Red and Green/ Red and None

                       Yellow Alternate Blinks              Sound
                                                               chime
                     

                       RTH LED

                     

                           -- Solid White

                          Blinking White                    D...                         Sending Return to Home command to the aircraft.

                          Blinking White                    DD .. .. ..                  Aircraft Return to Home in progress.

                     

                     

                               The Remote Status Indicator will blink red, sound an alert, when the battery level is critically low.

                     
                     

                      Linking the Remote Controller

                     

                      The remote controller is linked to your aircraft before delivery. Linking is only required when using a new

                      remote controller for the first time. Follow these steps to link a new remote controller:

                     

                      1. Power on the remote controller and connect to the mobile device. Launch DJI Pilot app.

                       2. Power on the Intelligent Flight Battery.

                      3. Enter "Camera" view and tap on and then tap "Linking Remote Controller" button as shown below.

                     

                                                                                                       RC Control Setting

                     

                     

                                                             Remote Control Calibration

                     

                                                             Stick Mode

                     

                                                                    Default stick mode is Mode 2, changing stick modes alters the way the aircraft is controlled.
                                                                    Do not change unless familiar with your new mode.

                     

                                            C1 Gimbal Pitch/Yaw                          C2 Reset gimbal yaw

                     

                     

                                                                                                                         You can customize the C1 and C2 buttons on the back
                                                                                                                         of the remote controller.

                     

                                                                         Linking Remote Controller

                          © 2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.
                      32

                     
                                                                                                            INSPIRE 1 User Manual

 

   4. The remote controller is ready to link. The Remote Controller Status Indicator blinks blue and "beep"

     sound is emitted.

 

 

                                                                            RC Control Setting

 

 

                                   Remote Control Calibration

 

                                   Stick Mode

 
                                                                                         Searching for aircraft frequency,

               Default stick mode is Mode 2, changingtismtiecokumt oind5e4s saeltceorsndthse way the aircraft is controlled.

               Do not change unless familiar with your new mode.
                                                           Press the linking button on the aircraft

                                                                  to link this remote controller

                        C1 Gimbal Pitch/Yaw                      C2 Reset gimbal yaw                                                                            Remote Controllers
                                                               CaCn2cel

 

                                                                                           You can customize the C1 and C2 buttons on the back
                                                                                           of the remote controller.

 

                                                                       Linking Remote Controller

 

 

  5. Locate the Linking button on the front of the aircraft, as shown in the figure shown below. Press the

   Linking button to start linking. The Remote Controller Status Indicator will display solid green if Link is

     succeed.

 

 

 

 
 

             Remote controller cannot link to the aircraft if the remote controller is set as "Slave". Meanwhile,

             the "Slave" remote controller cannot control the orientation of the aircraft. Reset the remote

             controller to "Master" in DJI Pilot app if you wish to link the remote controller to the aircraft.

             Remote controller will disconnect from the linked aircraft if a new remote controller is linked to

             the same aircraft.
 

 
  Remote Controller Compliance Version

  The remote controller is compliant with both CE and FCC requirements.

 

 
 
 

                                                                                                                            33© 2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Gimbal and Camera

 
 This chapter provides the technical
 specifications of the camera and explains
 the working mode of the gimbal.

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

  34 © 2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.

 
 Camera and Gimbal                                                                                                                 Gimbal and Camera

 

  Camera Profile

 

  The on-board camera supports 4K video capture up to 4096x2160p24 and 12M pixel photos capture by
  using the 1/2.3 inch CMOS sensor. You may export the video in either MOV or MP4 format for editing.
  Available picture shooting modes include burst, continuous, and timer mode. A live preview of what the
  camera is seeing before you shoot videos and pictures is supported through the DJI Pilot App.

 

  Camera Micro-SD Card Slot
  To store your photos and videos, plug in the micro-SD card into the slot shown below before powering on
  the Inspire 1. The Inspire 1 comes with a 16GB micro-SD card and supports up to a 64GB micro-SD card.
  A UHS-1 type micro-SD card is recommended, because the fast read and write capability of these cards
  enables you to store high-resolution video data.
 

 

 

 

           Do not remove micro-SD card from the Inspire 1 when it is powered on.
 

 

  Camera Data Port
  Power on the Inspire 1 and then connect a USB cable to the Camera Data Port to download photos or
  videos from the camera to your computer.

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

           Power on the aircraft before attempting to download the files.

 

                                                                                               35© 2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.

 
Gimbal and Camera    INSPIRE 1 User Manual

                    

                     Camera Operation

                     Use the Shutter and Record button on the remote controller to shoot the images or the videos through the
                     DJI Pilot app. For more information about how to use these buttons, refer to "Controlling Camera" P25.

                    

                     ND Filter
                     Attach an ND filter to the front of the camera to reduce over-exposure and "jello" effect.

                    

                    
                     Gimbal

                    

                     Gimbal Profile
                     The 3-axis Gimbal provides a steady platform for the attached camera, allowing you to capture stabilized

                     images and video. The Gimbal can tilt the camera up to 120 degrees and rotate 360 degrees.

                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    

                                                                     +30°

                                                                           0°

                    

                                                                    -90° +330°

                    

                                                                                                             -330°

                    
                    

                    

                     Use the gimbal dial on the remote controller to control pitch movement of the camera by default. Note that

                     you cannot control the pan motion of the camera by default. Enable the "Master-and-Slave" mode and

                     set the remote controller to "Slave" state if you wish to control both the pan and pitch movement of the

                     camera.

                    

                              Use the gimbal dial on the remote controller to control the pitch movement of the camera in the
                               single remote controller mode, however, you cannot control the pan movement of the camera.
                    

                    

                     Pan Control

                     Follow the instructions below to use the gimbal dial to control the pan movement of the gimbal:
                     1. Power on the aircraft and remote control, launch DJI Pilot app and enter "Camera" page.

                     2. Tap "RC Control Settings" icon and select either C1 or C2 customizable button as the gimbal pitch/

                        yaw switching button.
                     3. Select "Gimbal Pitch/Yaw" from the dropdown list.

                    

                    
                    
                    
                    

                     36 © 2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.

                    
                                                                                                            INSPIRE 1 User Manual

 

 

                                                                            RC Control Setting

 

 

                                   Remote Control Calibration

 

                                   Stick Mode

 

                                        Default stick mode is Mode 2, changing stick modes alters the way the aircraft is controlled.
                                        Do not change unless familiar with your new mode.

 

   C1 Gimbal Pitch/Yaw                                         C2 Reset gimbal yaw

 

 

                                                                                          You can customize the C1 and C2 buttons on the back      Gimbal and Camera
                                                                                          of the remote controller.

 

                                                                       Linking Remote Controller

 

 

  Press C1 or C2 button to switch from pitch mode to yaw mode. You may use the gimbal dial to pan the

  gimbal under yaw mode. Press C1 or C2 again to exit yaw mode.

 

  Using DJI Pilot App to Control Gimbal

   Follow the steps below to use DJI Pilot app to control the gimbal orientation:
   1. Launch DJI Pilot app, enter "Camera" page.

   2. Tap and press on the screen until a blue circle is shown.

  3. Slide to control the gimbal orientation within the "Camera" page as shown below.

 

 

   MODE P-GPS  CL Safe to Fly (GPS)

      

                                                                                                ISO 100 1/320 EV 0  4821 JPEG

 

 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

               H: 39M D: 1039M V.S: 8.3M/S H.S: 24.2M/S                                         1.2M

 
 

 

                                                                                                      © 2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.         37

 
                     INSPIRE 1 User Manual

                    

                     Gimbal Operation Modes

                     Three Gimbal operation modes are available. Switch between the different operation modes on the

                     Camera page of the DJI Pilot App. Note that your mobile device must be connected to the remote

                     controller for changes to take effect. Refer to the table below for details:

                    
                    

Gimbal and Camera                  Pitch        Pan

                                   Follow Mode  The angle between Gimbal's orientation and aircraft's nose remains
                                                constant at all times. One user alone can control the pitch motion of the
                                                Gimbal, but a second user is required to control the pan motion using a

                                                second remote controller.

                                                The Gimbal will lock to the movements of the aircraft to provide a First-
                                                Person-View flying experience.
                                 
                                                The Gimbal's motion is independent of the aircraft's orientation. One user
                                   FPV Mode     alone can control the pitch motion of the Gimbal, but a second user is
                                   Free Mode    required to control the pan motion using a second remote controller.

                                                             Tap to force the Gimbal orientation to re-align with aircraft's orientation

                                        Re-alignment by panning from gimbal's current orientation. Pitch angle will remain

                                                             unchanged during the re-alignment.

                    

                                Gimbal motor error may occur in these situations: (1) Gimbal is placed on uneven ground. (2)
                                Gimbal has received an excessive external force, e.g. a collision. Please take off from flat, open

                                ground and protect the gimbal after powering up.
                                Flying in heavy fog or cloud may make the gimbal wet, leading to a temporary failure. The

                                gimbal will recover when it dries out.

                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    

                     38 © 2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.

                    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

                        DJI Pilot App

 

                                                This chapter describes the four main

                                                GUI of the DJI Pilot app.
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

                                                                                   39© 2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.

 
                DJI Pilot App

                

                 The DJI Pilot app is a new mobile app designed specifically for the Inspire 1. Use this app to control the

                  gimbal, camera and other features of your flight system. The app also comes with Map, Store a User Center,

                  for configuring your aircraft and sharing your content with friends. It is recommended that you use a tablet

DJI Pilot App    for the best experience.

                

                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                

                                                           United States

                                      Mountain View

                

                
                
                
                

                                           CAMERA                         DIRECTOR                   STORE                         DISCOVERY

                

                

                  Camera

                  The Camera page contains a live HD video feed from the Inspire 1's camera. You can also configure

                 various camera parameters from the Camera page.

                

                                    [1] [2] [3]                                      [4] [5]                       [6]        [7]      [8]

                                                                                                                                               
                                                                               Safe to Fly (GPS)                                              [9]
                              [19]  MODE P-GPS                            CL                                                  
                                                                                                                                   4821 JPEG   
                                                                                                     ISO 100 1/320           EV 0
                                                                                                                                              [10]
                              [18]

                
                

                             [17]                       
                                                        
                                                        
                                                        
                             [16]                       
                                                        
                     [15]                               
                                                        
                     [14]                               

                                                        
                
                                                       H: 39M
                

                              [13]

                                                                              D: 1039M  V.S: 8.3M/S  H.S: 24.2M/S      1.2M

                                                                                                                    

                                                                                    [12]                           [11]

                 40  © 2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.

                
                                                                    INSPIRE 1 User Manual

 

 

  [1] Flight Mode

   : The text next to this icon indicates the current flight mode.

   Tap to configure the MC (Main Controller) Settings. These settings allow you to modify flight limits and

       set the gain values.

 

   [2] GPS Signal Strength

   : This icon shows the current strength of GPS signals. Green bars indicate adequate GPS

       strength.

 

   [3] IOC Settings

           CL : This icon displays the IOC setting when the aircraft has entered F-mode. Tap to view the IOC

       settings menu and select the desired IOC setting.

 
  [4] System Status

                       : This icon indicates the current aircraft system status and GPS signal strength.             DJI Pilot App

 

  [5] Battery Level Indicator

                  : The battery level indicator provides a dynamic display of the battery level. The colored

       zones on the battery level indicator represent the power levels needed to carry out different functions.

 

  [6] Remote Controller Signal

               : This icon shows the strength of remote controller's signal.

 

  [7] HD Video Link Signal Strength

                : This icon shows the strength of the HD video downlink connection between the aircraft and

       the remote controller.

 

  [8] Battery Level

                   : This icon shows the current battery level.

 

       Tap to view the battery information menu, set the various battery warning thresholds, and view the

       battery warning history.

 

  [9] General Settings

           : Tap this icon to view the General Settings page. From this page, you can set flight parameters,
       reset the camera, enable the quick view feature, adjust the gimbal roll value, and toggle the flight

       route display.

 
  [10] Camera Operation Bar

   Shutter and Recording Settings

              : Tap to enter various camera value settings, including color space for the recording, resolution

        of the videos, image size and so on.

 

         Shutter
            : Tap this button to take a single photo. Press and hold this button to select single shot, triple shot

        or time-lapsed shooting modes.

 
 

                                                                    41© 2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.

 
                 INSPIRE 1 User Manual

                

                

                       Record
                            : Tap once to start recording video, then tap again to stop recording. You can also press the

                       Video Recording Button on the remote controller, which has the same functionality.

                

                       Playback

                               : Tap to enter the playback page. You can preview photos and videos as soon as they are

                       captured.

                

                       Camera Settings
                             : Tap to set ISO, shutter and auto exposure values of the camera.

                

                 [11] Vision Positioning

DJI Pilot App               : This icon shows the distance between the surface and the Vision Positioning System's sensors.

                

                 [12] Flight Telemetry

                

                  H: 39M D: 1039M V.S: 8.3M/S H.S:24.2M/S                    1.2M

                

                

                  The Vision Positioning Status icon is highlighted when the Vision Positioning is in operation.

                

                  Flight attitude is indicated by the flight attitude icon.

                       (1) The red arrow shows which direction the aircraft is facing.

                       (2) Light blue and dark blue areas indicate pitch.

                       (3) The angle of the boundary between the light blue and dark blue areas indicates the roll angle.

                

                 [13] Map
                       Display the flight path of the current flight. Tap to switch from the Camera GUI to the Map GUI.

                

                

                 [14] Home Point Settings
                            : Tap this button to reset the current home point. You may choose to set the aircraft take-off

                       location, the remote controller's current position, or the aircraft's current position as the Home Point.

                

                 [15] Return to Home (RTH)

                             : Initiate RTH home procedure. Tap to have the aircraft return to the latest home point.

                

                 [16] Gimbal Operation Mode
                       Refer to "Gimbal Operation Mode" P38 for more information.

                

                
                
                

                 42 © 2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.

                
                                                                                                            INSPIRE 1 User Manual  DJI Pilot App

 

  [17] Auto Takeoff/Landing

            / : Tap to initiate auto takeoff or landing.

 

  [18] Livestream

             : Livestream icon indicates the current video feed is broadcasting live on YouTube. Be sure the

        mobile data service is available on the mobile device.

 

  [19] Back

             : Tap to return to the main GUI.

 

 
 

  Director

 

  Director is an automatic video editor built into the DJI Pilot app. After recording several video clips, simply

  tap "Director" from the app's home screen. You can then select a template and a specified number of

  clips, which are automatically combined to create a short film that can be shared immediately.

 

  Store

  Tap "Store" to visit the official DJI Online Store to see the latest information about DJI products and easily

  buy new products.

 

 
  Discovery

  Sync pictures and videos to your mobile device, view flight logs, and check your DJI account status in

  "Discovery". Use your registered DJI account to login to "Discovery".

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

                                                                                               43© 2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Flight

 

 This chapter describes the flight safety

 and flight restrictions.
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

  44 © 2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.

 
 Flight

 
  Once pre-flight preparation is complete, it is recommended to use the flight simulator to learn how to fly

  safely. Ensure that all flights are carried out in a suitable location.

 

  Flight Environment Requirements

 

  1. Do not use the aircraft in severe weather conditions. These include wind speed exceeding 10m/s ,

     snow, rain and smog.

  2. Only fly in open areas. Tall buildings and steel structures may affect the accuracy of the on-board

      compass and GPS signal.
   3. Avoid from obstacles, crowds, high voltage power lines, trees or bodies of water.
   4. Minimize electromagnetic interference by not flying in area with high levels of electromagnetism,

      including mobile phone base stations or radio transmission towers.
   5. Aircraft and battery performance is subject to environment factor such as air density and temperature.

      Be very careful when flying 14700 feet (4500 meters) or more above sea level as battery and aircraft

     performance may be reduced.                                                                                                   Flight

  6. The Inspire 1 cannot operate within the polar areas in "P" mode.

 

 
  Flight Limits and Flight Restriction Area

   Flight limits on height and distance can be set. The details of these flight limits are described in the following

  section.

  All unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) operators should abide by all regulations from such organizations as
  the ICAO (International Civil Aviation Organization), FAA and their own national airspace regulations. For
  safety reasons, the flight limits function is enabled by default to help users use this product safely and
  legally. The flight limits function includes height limits, distance limits and No Fly Zones.
  When operating in P Mode, height, distance limits and No Fly Zones work together to manage flight. In A
  mode only height limits work and flights cannot go higher than 120 meters.

 

  Max Height & Radius Limits

  Max Height & Radius limit flying height and distance, and the user may change these settings in the
  DJI Pilot App. Once complete, your Inspire 1 will fly in a restricted cylinder that is determined by these

  settings. The tables below show the details of these limits.         Max Radius
                                                                       Home Point
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

                                                           Max Height

 

 

                                                                                                     Height of aircraft

                                                                                                     when powered on

 

 
 
 

                                                                                               45© 2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.

 
          INSPIRE 1 User Manual

         
         

           GPS Signal Strong         Blinking Green           DJI Pilot App      Aircraft Status Indicator

                              Flight Limits                                       

                                                              Warning: Height    None.

           Max Height         Flight altitude must be under   limit reached.     Rapid red flashing
                              the set height.                                         when close to the
                                                               
                                                                                 max radius limit.
                                                              Warning: Distance
                              Flight distance must be within
           Max Radius         the max radius.                 limit reached.

         
         

           GPS Signal Weak       Blinking Yellow

         

                       Flight Limits                DJI Pilot App                Aircraft Status Indicator
                        
           Max Height  Flight height restricted to                                
                       120m and under.
                                                    Warning: Height limit        None.
           Max Radius  No limits
                                                    reached.
         
Flight
         

           If you fly out of the limit, you can still control the Inspire 1, but cannot fly it further.

           If the Inspire 1 flies out of the max radius in Ready to Fly (non-GPS) mode, it will fly back within

                     range automatically.

         

         

          No-Fly Zones

           All No-Fly Zones are listed on the DJI official website at http://flysafe.dji.com/no-fly. No-Fly Zones are
           divided into Airports and Restricted Areas. Airports include major airports and flying fields where manned

          aircraft operate at low altitudes. Restricted Areas include borders between countries or sensitive sites.

          The details of the No-Fly Zones are explained below:

         

          Airport:
          (1) Airport No-Fly Zones are comprised of Takeoff Restricted Zones and Restricted-Altitude Zones. Each

               zone features circles of various size.
           (2) R1 depends on the size and shape of the airport, and is an area around the airport that is a Takeoff

               Restricted Zone, inside of which take-off and flight is prevented.
           (3) From R1 to R1+1 mile around the airport, the flight altitude is limited on a 15 degree incline, starting at

               65 feet (20 meters) from the edge of airport and radiating outward. The flight altitude is limited to 1640

               feet (500 meters) at R1+1 mile.
           (4) When the aircraft is within 320 feet (100 meters) of the No-Fly Zones, a warning message will appear

               in the DJI Pilot app.

         

         
         
         
         
         
         
         
         

          46 © 2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.

         
                                                                    INSPIRE 1 User Manual

 

 

                                                 Airports

                                    
 
                                    
 
                                   66 feet
 

      1640
       feet

 

                       1 mile        R1

             320 feet          R2

 

 

   Restricted Areas:                                                                                          Flight
   (1) Restricted Areas do not have a flight altitude restriction.

   (2) R around the designated Restricted Area is a Take-off Restricted area. Aircraft cannot takeoff within
       this zone. The value of R varies depending on the definition of the Restricted Area.

  (3) A "warning zone" has been set around each Restricted Area. When the aircraft is within 0.6 miles (1

       km) of this zone, a warning message will appear in the DJI Pilot app.

 

 
 

                                                             Restricted Areas

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

                               100m  R

 

 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

                                                                    47© 2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.

 
          INSPIRE 1 User Manual

         

         

              GPS Signal Strong                Blinking Green

                                                                                                        Aircraft
              Zone                                                                                      Status
                                  Restriction                       DJI Pilot App Prompt                Indicator

                                                                    Warning: You are in a No-fly         
                                                                    zone. Take off prohibited.           
             Motors will not start.                                                                      
                                                                    Warning: You are in a No-fly         
                                                                    zone, automatic landing has          
               No-fly Zone If the aircraft enters the               begun. (If you are within 1.5 mile   
                                                                    radius)                              
                                  restricted area in A mode but                                          
                                                                    Warning: You are in a restricted     
                                  P mode activates the aircraft     zone. Descending to safe             

                                  will automatically descend to                                          Red flashing

                                  land then stop its motors after

                                  landing.

             
            
Flight                          

                                  If the aircraft enters the        altitude. (If you are between the

              Restricted-         restricted area in A mode but P   range of 1.5 mile and 5 mile
                                  mode activates, it will descend
              altitude flight                                       radius)

              zone                to a safe altitude and hover 15   Warning: You are in a restricted

                                  feet below the safe altitude.     zone. Max flight height restricted

                                                                    to between 10.5m and 120m. Fly
                                                                    Cautiously.

              Warning zone      No flight restriction applies, but  Warning: You are approaching a      None.
                Free zone       there will be warning message.      restricted zone, Fly Cautiously.

                                                                    None.

                                No restrictions.

         

         
         

                   Semi-automatic descent: All stick commands are available except the throttle stick command

                   during the descent and landing process. Motors will stop automatically after landing.

         

                     When flying in the safety zone, aircraft status indicator will blink red quickly and continue for 3

                     seconds, then switch to indicate current flying status and continue for 5 seconds at which point

                     it will switch back to red blinking.

                     For safety reasons, please do not fly close to airports, highways, railway stations, railway lines,

                     city centers and other special areas. Try to ensure the aircraft is visible.

         

         
         
         
         
         
         
         
         
         

          48 © 2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.

         
                       INSPIRE 1 User Manual

 

 

  Preflight Checklist

  1. Remote controller, aircraft battery, and mobile device are fully charged.                                                     Flight

  2. Propellers are mounted correctly and firmly.

  3. Micro-SD card has been inserted if necessary.

  4. Gimbal is functioning as normal.

  5. Motors can start and are functioning as normal.

  6. DJI Pilot app connected to the aircraft.

 

 
  Calibrating the Compass

 

  IMPORTANT: Make sure to calibrate the compass in every new flight location. The compass is very

  sensitive to electromagnetic interference, which can cause abnormal compass data leading to poor flight

  performance or even failure. Regular calibration is required for optimum performance.

 

             DO NOT calibrate your compass where there is a chance of strong magnetic interference, such

             as magnetite, parking structures, and steel reinforcements underground.

             DO NOT carry ferromagnetic materials with you during calibration such as keys or cellular

             phones.
             DO NOT calibrate beside massive metal objects.
 

 

  Calibration Procedures

  Choose an open space to carry out the following procedures.

  1. Ensure that the compass is calibrated. If you did not calibrate the compass as part of your pre-flight

     preparations, or if you have moved to a new location since the last calibration, tap Aircraft Status

     Indicator bar in the app and select "Calibrate", then follow the on-screen instructions.

  2. Hold and rotate the aircraft horizontally 360 degrees, and the Aircraft Status Indicator will display a

      solid green light.
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

                                                                                               49© 2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.

 
Flight    INSPIRE 1 User Manual

         

          3. Hold the aircraft vertically with nose pointing downward, and rotate it 360 degrees around the center

             axis. Recalibrate the compass if the Aircraft Status Indicator show solid red.

         

         
         
         
         
         
         
         
         
         
         
         
         
         
         
         
         
         
         
         
         
         

                   If the Aircraft Status Indicator blinks red and yellow after the calibration, move your aircraft to a

                   different location to carry out compass calibration.

                   Calibrate the compass before each flight. Launch DJI Pilot App, follow the on-screen instruction

                   to calibrate the compass.

         

         

          When to Recalibrate
          1. When compass data is abnormal, and the Aircraft Status Indicator is blinking red and yellow.

          2. When flying in a new location, or a location that is different from your last flight.
          3. When the mechanical structure of the Inspire 1 has changed, i.e. changed mounting position of the

              compass.
          4. When severe drifting occurs in flight, i.e. the Inspire 1 does not fly in straight lines.

         

         
          Auto Take-off and Auto Landing

         

          Auto Take-off

          Use auto take-off to take off your aircraft automatically if the Aircraft Status Indicator displays blinking

          green. Follow the steps below to use auto take-off:
          1. Launch DJI Pilot app, enter "Camera" page.

          2. Ensure the aircraft is in "P" mode.
          3. Go through the pre-flight checklist.
          4. Tap" ", and confirm flight condition. Slide to confirm and take-off.

          5. Aircraft takes off and hovers at 1.5 meters above ground.

         
         

         

          50 © 2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.

         
                                                                                                            INSPIRE 1 User Manual  Flight

 

  Auto-Landing

  Use auto-landing to land your aircraft automatically if the Aircraft Status Indicator displays blinking green.

  Follow the steps below to use auto-landing:

  1. Ensure the aircraft is in "P" mode.
  2. Check the landing area condition before tapping " ", to perform landing.

  3. Aircraft lowers the landing gear and proceed to land automatically.

 

           Landing gear will automatically raise when the aircraft reaches an altitude of 1.2m for the first

           time, and automatically lower every time it descends to 0.8m. Users can turn this feature ON/OFF

           in the Pilot app.

 

 
  Starting/Stopping the Motors

 

  Starting Motors

  The Combination Stick Command (CSC) listed below are used to start the motors instead of simply push-

  ing the stick up. Ensure that you perform the CSC in one motion.

 

 
 

                                                                      OR

 

 
 

  Stopping Motors

  There are two methods to stop the motors.
  Method 1: When the Inspire 1 has landed, push the throttle down , then conduct CSC . Motors will stop

  immediately. Release both sticks once motors stop.
  Method 2: When the aircraft has landed, push the throttle down and hold. The motors will stop after 3

  seconds.
 

 

                                                                             OR

 
 
 

 

            Do not perform CSC when aircraft is in midair, otherwise the motors will be stopped.

 
 

  Flight Test

 

  Take off/Landing Procedures
  1. Place the aircraft on open, flat ground with battery indicators facing towards you.

  2. Power on the remote controller and your mobile device, then the Intelligent Flight Battery.

  3. Launch the DJI Pilot App and enter the Camera page.
  4. Wait until the Aircraft Indicator blinks green. This means the Home Point is recorded and it is safe to fly

     now. If it flashes yellow, it means Home Point is not recorded, and you should not take off.

  5. Push the throttle up slowly to take off or using Auto Take-off to take off.

 

                                                                                               51© 2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.

 
Flight    INSPIRE 1 User Manual

         

         

          6. Shoot photos and videos using the DJI Pilot app.
          7. To land, hover over a level surface and gently pull down on the throttle slowly to descend.

          8. After landing, execute the CSC command or hold the throttle at its lowest position for 3 seconds or

              more until the motors stop.
          9. Turn off the Intelligent Flight Battery first, followed by the Remote Controller.

         

         

                     When the Aircraft Status Indicator blinks yellow rapidly during flight, the aircraft has entered Failsafe

                      mode.

                     A low battery level warning is indicated by the Aircraft Status Indicator blinking red slowly or
                      rapidly during flight.

                     Watch video tutorials about flight for more flight information.

         
         

          Video Suggestions and Tips
          1. Work through the checklist before each flight.

          2. Select desired gimbal working mode in the DJI Pilot app.
          3. Aim to shoot when flying in P mode only.

          4. Always fly in good weather, such as sunny or windless days.

          5. Change camera settings to suit you. These include photo format and exposure compensation.
          6. Perform flight tests to establish flight routes and scenes.

          7. Push the sticks gently to make aircraft movements stable and smooth.
         

         
         
         
         
         
         
         
         
         
         
         
         
         
         
         
         
         
         
         
         
         
         
         
         
         
         
         
         

          52 © 2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.

         
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

                       FAQ

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

                                                                                   53© 2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.

 
FAQ   Troubleshooting (FAQ)

      

       1. How can I put a GoPro camera on the Inspire 1?

          The Inspire 1 does not currently support GoPro attachments. The gimbal is designed to hold DJI

          cameras only.

      

       2. When will ground station functionality be available?

          The Inspire 1 does not currently support ground station. Ground station will be available with future
          firmware updates.

      
       3. Is the camera's exposure automatic?

          The exposure can be set to Auto, for automatic changes, or Manual, if you wish to use a specific setting.

      
       4. Can I see the size of images through the app?

          Yes, you can preview image or video sizes through the DJI Pilot app.

      

       5. How much weight can the Inspire 1 carry without its included camera?
          We do not recommend flying with any payload other than the included DJI gimbal and camera.

      

       6. Do you have an LCD monitor available for the Inspire 1?
          No, DJI does not sell LCD or HD monitors for the Inspire 1. However, you can output the live streaming

          video to a compatible monitor or mobile device of your own.

      

       7. How long does it take to charge the battery? Does it comes with a charger?
          Yes, all Inspire 1 units come with standard TB47 charger.

          With the standard TB47 100W charger, it takes 85min to fully charge a 4500mAh battery.

      

       8. Are the two remote controllers the same? Should I setup the remote controllers in the app or

          somewhere else to control the camera and aircraft separately?
          The two remote controllers are physically identical. You can set the remote controllers to either "Master"

          or "Slave" through the DJI Pilot app if you wish to use dual controller mode.

      
       9. Where can I find info on the simulation application that plugs into the trainer port? Can you suggest a

          simulation program?

          There is no trainer port on the remote controller for the Inspire 1.

      
       10. Can the mobile device holder be used on the Phantom 2 series remote controller?

           No, it cannot. The mobile device holder can only be used with the Inspire 1 remote.

      

       11. Does the Inspire 1 have a SD card included?

           The Inspire 1 comes with a 16GB micro-SD card. It supports SD cards up to 64GB.

      

       12. Can I upgrade and buy a second remote controller if I only buy a single remote controller now?
           Yes.

      

       13. How big is the Inspire 1?
           Its length x height x width dimensions without the propellers attached are 44 x 30 x 45cm (17.3 x 11.8 x 17.7in).

      
      
      

       54 © 2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.

      
                                                                                                            INSPIRE 1 User Manual  FAQ

 

 

  14. What flight controller does the Inspire 1 use?
      The Inspire 1 uses its own new flight controller.

 

  15. Which motors and propellers does the Inspire 1 come with?
      The Inspire 1 uses 3510 motors and 1345 propellers.

 

  16. Aircraft frame arm joints appear loosen, is that normal?
      The space of the joins shown in the below figure is normal and it will not affect the performance of
      aircraft, do not adjust the position of the screws on your own.

 

 

 

  17. Failed to complete self-check?
      Place the aircraft on the flat surface before powering on. Do not move the aircraft during the self-
      check.

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

                                                                                               55© 2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

               Appendix

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

  56 © 2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.

 
 Appendix                       T600                                                                         Appendix
                                2935 g
                                Vertical: 0.5 m
                                Horizontal: 2.5 m
  Specifications
                                 
 
                                Pitch: 300°/s
                                Yaw: 150°/s

   Aircraft                     35°
                                5 m/s
                                4 m/s
                                22 m/s (ATTI mode, no wind)
   Model                        4500 m
                                10 m/s
                                Approximately 18 minutes
                                DJI 3510
   Weight (Battery Included)    DJI 1345
                                Enabled by default
                                -10° to 40° C
                                559 to 581 mm
   Hovering Accuracy (P Mode)   438x451x301 mm
 
                                ZENMUSE X3
                                Static: 9 W; In Motion: 11 W
                                Station: 750 mA; Motion: 900 mA
   Max Angular Velocity         ±0.03°
                                Detachable
                                Pitch: -90° to +30°
                                Pan: ±320°
   Max Tilt Angle
                                 
   Max Ascent Speed
                                Pitch: -125° to +45°
   Max Descent Speed            Pan: ±330°
                                Pitch: 120°/s
   Max Speed                    Pan: 180°/s

                                                                         57© 2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.

   Max Flight Altitude

 

   Max Wind Speed Resistance

   Max Flight Time

 

   Motor Model

 

   Propeller Model

 

   Indoor Hovering
   Operating Temperature Range

   Diagonal Distance

   Dimensions

   Gimbal

   Model

   Output Power (With Camera)

   Operating Current

   Angular Vibration Range

 

   Mounting

 

   Controllable Range
 

 

   Mechanical Range
 

 

   Max Controllable Speed

 

 
 
 

 
Appendix    INSPIRE 1 User Manual                X3

                                                 FC350

                                                 12.76M

             Camera                              12.4M

                                                 4000x3000

             Name                                100-3200 (video) 100-1600 (photo)
                                                 8 s to 1/8000 s
                                                 94°
                                                 Sony EXMOR 1/2.3"
             Model                               20mm (35mm format equivalent) f/2.8 focus at )
                                                 9 Elements in 9 groups
                                                 Anti-distortion

             Total Pixels                         

             Effective Pixels                    Single shoot
                                                 Burst shooting: 3/5/7 frames
             Image Max Size                      Auto Exposure Bracketing (AEB): 3/5 bracketed frames at
                                                 0.7EV Bias
             ISO Range                           Time-lapse
                                                 UHD (4K): 4096x2160p24/25, 3840x2160p24/25/30
             Electronic Shutter Speed            FHD: 1920x1080p24/25/30/48/50/60
             FOV (Field Of View)                 HD: 1280x720p24/25/30/48/50/60

             CMOS                                60 Mbps

             Lens                                FAT32/exFAT
                                                 Photo: JPEG, DNG
                                                 Video: MP4/MOV (MPEG-4 AVC/H.264)
           
                                                  
           
                                                 Micro SD
             Still Photography Modes             Max capacity: 64 GB. Class 10 or UHS-1 rating required.
                                                 0° to 40° C
           
                                                 C1
                                                 922.7MHz~927.7 MHz (Japan Only)
                                                 5.725~5.825 GHz;2.400~2.483 GHz
                                                 2 km (Outdoor And Unobstructed)
             Video Recording Modes               10dBm@900m, 13dBm@5.8G, 20dBm@2.4G
                                                 USB, Mini-HDMI
             Max Bitrate Of Video Storage
                                                 Built-in battery
           
                                                 DJI charger
             Supported File Formats
                                                 Host-and-Slave connection
           

           

             Supported SD Card Types

             Operating Temperature Range

             Remote Controller

             Name

             Operating Frequency

             Transmitting Distance

             EIRP
             Video Output Port

             Power Supply

           

             Charging

           

             Dual User Capability

           

           

            58 © 2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.

           
                                                                                 INSPIRE 1 User Manual      Appendix

  Mobile Device Holder         Tablet or Smart Phone
  Output Power                 9W
                               -10° to 40° C
  Operating Temperature Range  Less than 3 months: -20° to 45° C
                               More than 3 months: 22° to 28° C
                               0-40° C
                               6000 mAh LiPo 2S
  Storage Temperature Range
                               A14-100P1A
                               26.3 V
                               100 W
  Charging Temperature Range
                               Intelligent Flight Battery
                               TB47
                               4500 mAh
  Battery                      22.2 V
                               LiPo 6S High voltage battery
                               99.9 Wh Net
                               570 g
  Charger                      -10° to 40° C
                               Less than 3 months: -20° to 45° C
                               More than 3 months: 22° C to 28° C
                               0° to 40° C
  Model                        180 W

  Voltage                      Intelligent Flight Battery
                               TB48
  Rated Power                  5700 mAh
                               22.8 V
                               LiPo 6S
                               129.96 Wh
  Battery (Standard)           670 g
                               -10 to 40° C
                               Less than 3 months: -20 to 45° C
                               More than 3 months: 22° to 28° C
  Name                         0° to 40° C

                                                                        59© 2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.

  Model

 

  Capacity

 

  Voltage

 

  Battery Type

  Energy

  Weight

  Operating Temperature Range

 

  Storage Temperature Range

 

  Charging Temperature Range

  Max Charging Power

  Battery (Optional)

  Name

  Model

  Capacity

  Voltage

  Battery Type

  Energy

  Net Weight

  Operating Temperature Range

 

  Storage Temperature Range

 

  Charging Temperature Range

 

 

 
            INSPIRE 1 User Manual

           

             Max Charging Power             180 W

           

             Vision Positioning

             Velocity Range                 Below 8 m/s (2 m above ground)

                                            5-500 cm
                                            Brightly lit (lux > 15) patterned surfaces
             Altitude Range

             Operating Environment

             Operating Range                0-250 cm

           

             DJI Pilot App

             Mobile Device System Requirements iOS version 7.1 or later; Android version 4.1.2 or later

                                            * iPhone 6 Plus, iPhone 6, iPhone 5S, iPad Air 2, iPad Mini

             Supported Mobile Devices       3, iPad Air, iPad Mini 2, iPad 4;* Samsung Note 3, Samsung
                                            S5, Sony Z3 EXPERIA;* Note: It is recommended that you

                                                                    use a tablet for the best experience

           

           

            Intelligent Orientation Control (IOC)

           

            IOC allows users to lock the orientation of aircraft in different fashions. There are three working modes for

             IOC and you may select the desired IOC modes from the DJI Pilot app. IOC only works under F mode,

Appendix     and user must toggle the flight mode switch to "F" mode to activate IOC. Refer to the table below:

                                       Its forward direction is pointing to the nose direction when recording, which is
                                       fixed until you re-record it or exit from CL.
           

             Course Lock (CL)

             Home Lock (HL)*           Record a Home Point (HP), and push Pitch stick to control the aircraft far from
                                       or near to the HP.

             Point of Interest (POI)*  Point of Interest. Record a point of interest (POI), the aircraft can circle around
                                       the POI, and the nose always points to the POI.
           

           

                     *Home Lock and Point of Interest feature are coming soon.

           

             Prerequisites of IOC

            Use the IOC feature under the following condition:

           

             Modes IOC         GPS enabled  GPS                                 Flight Distance Limits
                                     No     None                                          None
           

              Course Lock

             Home Lock                 Yes                        Aircraft 10m Home Point
                 POI                   Yes                      Aircraft 5m~500m Point of Interest

           

            Using IOC
            Enable the IOC feature by tapping "Enable IOC" in the setting page of the DJI Pilot app. Toggle the Flight

            Mode Switch to "F" mode and follow the on-screen instruction to use IOC feature.

           

           
           
           

            60 © 2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.

           
                                                                                                            INSPIRE 1 User Manual  Appendix

 

  How to Update Firmware

  Follow the process described below to upgrade the aircraft, remote controller and battery.

 

  Updating the Aircraft Firmware

  Step 1- Check Battery and SD Card Capacity

  Ensure the Intelligent Flight Battery has at least 50% power and there is at least 100MB of free space on
  the SD card.

 

  Step 2- Prepare the Firmware Update Package

  1. Download the firmware update package from the official DJI website (http://www.dji.com/product/
     inspire-1).

  2. Insert the SD into your PC. Extract the all downloaded files into the root directory of the SD card.
     Remove the SD card from your PC. Ensure the Inspire 1 is powered off then insert the SD card into the
     SD card slot on the Inspire 1 camera.

 

  Step 3- Update the Aircraft

  1. Ensure the remote controller is powered off and then power on the aircraft. Upgrade will begin
     automatically after aircraft is powered on.

  2. It will take approximately 25 minutes to complete the firmware update. The camera will sound a short
     pulse of "D-D-D-D" beeping sound to indicate the upgrade is in progress and sound a "D---DD"
     beeping sound to indicate the update is complete with success.

  3. Check the upgrade status by opening the ".txt" file that is automatically generated after the update.
     The update is successful if the text "result: successful" is in the document. Try upgrading the firmware

     again if the text "result: failed" is found or the gimbal sound a long beep sound.

 

 

  Updating the Remote Controller Firmware

  Step 1- Check Battery and SD Card Capacity

  Remote controller firmware is included in the aircraft firmware update package. Use the same update
  package file that is downloaded from the DJI official website. Ensure the remote controller battery level is

  above 50%.

 

  Step 2- Prepare the Firmware Update Package
  1. Extract all downloaded files into the root directory of an SD card or USB thumb drive.

  2. Insert the SD card into a SD card reader or the USB disk onto the remote controller USB port when
     remote controller powered off. If you do not have a SD card reader, you may insert the SD card into

     the gimbal and connect the gimbal with remote controller to upgrade the remote controller.

 

  Step 3- Update the Remote Controller

  1. Power on the remote controller and wait 60 seconds until the upgrade begins. Do not power off the
     remote controller during the update.

  2. It will take approximately 10 minutes to complete the firmware update. The camera will sound a
     beeping sound and the Status LED on the remote controller shows solid blue to indicate the update is
     in progress. The Status LED on remote controller shows solid green and beeping sound will stop if the
     upgrade is completed with success. The Status LED on remote controller shows solid red if upgrade is
     failed. Try upgrade again.

 

                                                                                               61© 2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.

 
Appendix    INSPIRE 1 User Manual

           

            Updating Intelligent Flight Battery Firmware

            The Intelligent Flight Battery is upgraded during the aircraft firmware upgrade process. It is recommended
            to keep the upgrade package files in your SD card. The upgrade will start automatically after power

            cycling the aircraft.

           

                       Do not perform firmware update while the aircraft is still flying in the air. Only carry out firmware

                       update when the aircraft is landed.
                       Be sure to update the remote controller's firmware to the latest version after you upgrade the aircraft's
                       firmware.

                       The remote controller may become unlinked from the aircraft after updating. Re-link the remote
                       controller and aircraft.
                       Confirm the update results according to the gimbal sounds. It is normal for the aircraft to sound or the

                       LED to blink during the update process.
                       Ensure there is only one firmware package file stored on your SD card.
                       Only storage devices that are formatted for FAT32 and exFAT file systems are supported for aircraft
                       and remote controller firmware updates.
                       Delete any automatically generated txt files (xxx_GS.TXT) in the SD card when updating multiple

                       remote controllers.

           

           
            FCC Compliance

           

            FCC Compliance

            This device complies with part 15 of the FCC Rules. Operation is subject to the following two conditions:
            (1) This device may not cause harmful interference, and
            (2) This device must accept any interference received, including interference that may cause undesired

                 operation.
            Changes or modifications not expressly roved by the party responsible for compliance could void the
            user's authority to operate the equipment.
           
            Compliance Information

           

            FCC Warning Message

            Any Changes or modifications not expressly roved by the party responsible for compliance could void the
            user's authority to operate the equipment.
            This device complies with part 15 of the FCC Rules. Operation is subject to the following two conditions:
            (1) This device may not cause harmful interference, and (2) this device must accept any interference
            received, including interference that may cause undesired operation.

           

            FCC Radiation Exposure Statement:

            This equipment complies with FCC radiation exposure limits set forth for an uncontrolled environment.
            This equipment should be installed and operated with minimum distance 20cm between the radiator&

            your body. This transmitter must not be co-located or operating in conjunction with any other antenna or
            transmitter.

           

            Note: This equipment has been tested and found to comply with the limits for a Class B digital device,

            pursuant to part 15 of the FCC Rules. These limits are designed to provide reasonable protection against
            harmful interference in a residential installation. This equipment generates uses and can radiate radio

            62 © 2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.

           
                                                                                                            INSPIRE 1 User Manual  Appendix

 

  frequency energy and, if not installed and used in accordance with the instructions, may cause harmful
  interference to radio communications. However, there is no guarantee that interference will not occur in a
  particular installation. If this equipment does cause harmful interference to radio or television reception,
  which can be determined by turning the equipment off and on, the user is encouraged to try to correct

  the interference by one or more of the following measures:
  --Reorient or relocate the receiving antenna.
  --Increase the separation between the equipment and receiver.
  --Connect the equipment into an outlet on a circuit different from that to which the receiver is connected.

  --Consult the dealer or an experienced radio/TV technician for help.

 

  IC RSS warning

  This device complies with Industry Canada licence-exempt RSS standard (s). Operation is subject to the
  following two conditions: (1) this device may not cause interference, and (2) this device must accept any
  interference,including interference that may cause undesired operation of the device.
  Le présent areil est conforme aux CNR d'Industrie Canada licables aux areils radio exempts de licence.

 

  L'exploitation est autorisée aux deux conditions suivantes:
  (1) l'areil ne doit pas produire de brouillage, et
  (2) l'utilisateur de l'areil doit accepter tout brouillage radioélectrique subi, même si le brouillage est
  susceptible d'en compromettre le fonctionnement.

 

  IC Radiation Exposure Statement:

  This equipment complies with IC RF radiation exposure limits set forth for an uncontrolled environment.

  This transmitter must not be co-located or operating in conjunction with any other antenna or transmitter.
  This equipment should be installed and operated with minimum distance 20cm between the radiator&

  your body.
  Any Changes or modifications not expressly roved by the party responsible for compliance could void the
  user's authority to operate the equipment.

 

  KCC Warning Message

  "            ."
  "      "

 

  NCC Warning Message 
  

  
  
  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

                                                                                               63© 2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.

 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

  The content is subject to change.

  Download the latest version from

  www.dji.com/support

 
  © 2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.

 
INSPIRE 1

 

 Safety Guidelines

 

 
   V1.0 2014.12

 
 EN  Reading Inspire 1 Manuals

     The following tutorials and manuals have been produced to help you make full use of your DJI Inspire 1:
     1. In The Box
     2. Disclaimer and Warning
     3. Intelligent Flight Battery Safety Guidelines
     4. INSPIRE 1 Safety Guidelines
     5. INSPIRE 1 Quick Start Guide
     6. INSPIRE 1 User Manual
     Check all of the included parts listed in the In The Box document. Read the Disclaimer and Warning,
     Intelligent Flight Battery Safety Guidelines, and INSPIRE 1 Safety Guidelines before flight. Then prepare for
     your first flight by using the INSPIRE 1 Quick Start Guide and watching all of the tutorial videos. If you have
     questions, refer to the INSPIRE 1 User Manual for more comprehensive information. Experienced users,
     particularly those who have previously used DJI products, may choose to skip to the Inspire 1 Quick Start
     Guide to begin preparing for flight.

     Individual Parts

     Remote Controller

     1. Linking is required if you wish to replace your remote controller or receiver, or add a new remote controller.
         Refer to the user manual for more information about how to link the aircraft.

     2. If the remote controller is powered on and has not been used for 5 minutes, it will sound an alert. After 10
        minutes it will automatically power off. Move the sticks or perform some other action to cancel the alert.

     3. A Slave remote controller cannot be linked with the aircraft and cannot control the aircraft's flight. You may
        change it to a Master remote controller via the DJI Pilot app, and then link it to the aircraft to control flight.

     4. Ensure the Mobile Device Holder is firmly in place and does not slip.
     5. For the GPS in the remote controller to function properly, and the Dynamic Home Point to be accurate,

        ensure the DJI logo is facing the sky and keep the remote controller away from any metal objects.
     6. Repair or replace the remote controller if damaged. A damaged remote controller antenna will greatly

        decrease performance.
     7. When on the go, you may charge the remote controller from the aircraft's Intelligent Flight Battery.

     Camera

     1. Photos or videos cannot be transmitted or copied from the camera if the Intelligent Flight Battery is powered off.
     2. Be sure to power off the Intelligent Flight Battery correctly, otherwise your camera parameters will not be saved

        and any recorded videos may be damaged.
     3. Test the camera by shooting a few test images to check that it is operating correctly before shooting important

        pictures.
     4. Respect the privacy of others when using the camera. Make sure you comply with local privacy laws, regulations

        and moral standards.
     5. Check camera settings before use to make sure you can adjust them to fit your needs.

     Gimbal

     1. The gimbal and gimbal connector are very delicate. Handle with care and do not touch the gimbal
        connector, as any damage will cause it to function abnormally.

     2. A gimbal motor error may occur if: (1) The aircraft is placed on uneven ground or other objects obstruct
        the gimbal's full range of motion, or (2) The gimbal has undergone an excessive impact, e.g. a collision.
        Please only takeoff from flat, open areas and protect the gimbal after powering up.

     3. Hold the gimbal firmly when detaching or reattaching it, so it does not drop.
     4. Do not add any payloads to the gimbal, as this may cause the gimbal to function abnormally, or even

     2 © 2014 DJI. All Rights Reserved.

 
      lead to motor damage.                                                                                                   EN
  5. Precision elements in the gimbal may be damaged by a collision or impact, which will cause the gimbal

      to function abnormally.

 

  Compass

  1. Ensure the compass is calibrated before every flight. Failure to calibrate may lead to a poor flight
      performance or even failure.

  2. DO NOT calibrate your compass where there is a chance of strong magnetic interference. This includes areas
      where there are massive metal objects, parking structures, steel reinforcements underground, or under bridges.

  3. DO NOT carry ferromagnetic materials with you during calibration, such as keys or mobile phones.
  4. The compass should always be recalibrated when moving from indoor spaces to outdoor spaces.
  5. If the rear LED shows a solid red light, compass calibration has failed. Please recalibrate.
  6. After successful calibration, the compass may become abnormal when you put the aircraft on the

      ground. This is because of magnetic interference that may be underground. Move the aircraft to another
      location and try again.

 

  Parameter Settings

  The Inspire 1 features a built-in flight control system to make operation as safe as possible. However, it is
  good practice to remove all propellers before switching it on for calibration or changing other parameter
  settings.

 

  Battery

  Refer to the Intelligent Flight Battery Safety Guidelines and battery sticker for usage and maintenance information.

 

  Storage and Transportation

  1. Store the Intelligent Flight Battery and remote controller in a cool, dry place away from direct sunlight,
      to ensure the built-in LiPo battery does not overheat. Recommended storage temperature: between
      22°C and 28°C for storage periods of more than three months. Never store in environments outside the
      temperature range of -20°C to 45°C.

  2. Do not allow the camera to come into contact with, or become immersed in, water or other liquids. If it
      gets wet, wipe dry with a soft, absorbent cloth. Turning on an aircraft that has fallen into water may cause
      permanent component damage. Do not use substance containing alcohol, benzene, thinners or other
      flammable substances to clean or maintain the camera. Do not store the camera in humid or dusty areas.

  3. Always keep all parts out of the reach of children, as the cables, straps or small parts may be dangerous
      if swallowed. If swallowed, go to the hospital immediately.

  4. Detach the gimbal from the Inspire 1 when storing for a long period of time or transporting over long
      distances. Also replace the Gimbal Cover when storing.

 

  Maintenance and Upkeep

  1. Check every part of the aircraft if it is violently impacted. If you have any problems or questions, please
      contact a DJI authorized dealer.

  2. Old, chipped, or broken propellers or motors should never be used.
  3. Regularly check the Battery Level Indicators to see the current battery level and overall battery life. When

      the battery life reaches 0%, it can no longer be used.
  4. After every 50 hours of flight time, DJI recommends you perform a thorough inspection of your Inspire 1

      and all of its parts and components to ensure the safe operation of your aircraft.
 

 
 
 

                                                                                           3© 2014 DJI. All Rights Reserved.

 
 EN  Flight Environment Requirements

     1. Do not use the aircraft in severe weather conditions. These include wind speed exceeding 10m/s, snow,
        rain, smog, heavy wind, hail, lightning, tornado or hurricane.
 
     2. Do not use the aircraft in dust or sandstorms.
     3. Fly in open areas, as tall buildings or steel structures may affect the accuracy of the onboard compass
 
        and block the GPS signal.
     4. Keep the aircraft away from obstacles, people, animals, high voltage power lines, trees, and bodies of

        water when in flight.
     5. Avoid interference between the remote controller and other wireless equipment. Make sure to turn off the

        Wi-Fi on your mobile device.
     6. Do not fly near areas with magnetic or radio interference. These include but are not limited to: high

        voltage lines, large scale power transmission stations, mobile base stations and broadcasting towers.
        Failing to do so may compromise the transmission quality of this product, cause remote controller and
        video transmission errors may affect flight orientation and location accuracy. The aircraft may behave
         abnormally or fall out of control in areas with too much interference.
     7. P mode is unavailable in polar zones. Users can use ATTI mode instead.
     8. Do not fly the aircraft within no-fly zones specified by local laws and regulations.

     Flight Warnings

     Failsafe and Return to Home

     1. Return to Home will not work if the GPS signal is insufficient or GPS is not active.
     2. Press the RTH Button on the remote controller to bring the aircraft back to the Home Point instead of

        turning off the remote controller.
     3. Tall buildings may adversely affect the Failsafe function. Please adjust the aircraft location, altitude and

        speed while returning home to avoid obstacles.
     4. Make sure to always fly the aircraft within the transmission range of the remote controller.
     5. When updating the Home Point, do not block the GPS signal of the remote controller and ensure the new

        Home Point is correct on the live map.
     6. Do not update the Home Point near tall buildings, as the GPS may be blocked and lead to an incorrect

        location being stored.
     7. Only use the Failsafe and Return to Home functions in case of emergency, as they may be affected by

        the weather, the environment, or any nearby magnetic fields.

     Low Battery

     1. When the Critical Battery Level Warning activates and the aircraft is descending automatically, you may
        push the throttle upward to hover the aircraft and navigate it to a more appropriate location for landing.

     2. When battery warnings are triggered, please bring the aircraft back to the Home Point or land to avoid
        losing power during flight.

     Vision Positioning System

     1. The Vision Positioning System cannot work properly over surfaces that do not have pattern variations.
        The effective altitude for Vision Positioning System to function correctly is less than 2.5 meters.

     2. Vision Positioning System may not function properly when the aircraft is flying over water.
     3. Vision Positioning System may not be able to recognize patterns on the ground in low light conditions (less

        than 100 lux).
     4. Keep your pets away from the aircraft when Vision Positioning System is activated, as the sonar sensors

        emit high frequency sound that is only audible to some pets.
     5. Note that Visual Positioning System may not function properly when the aircraft is flying too fast or too low.

     4 © 2014 DJI. All Rights Reserved.

 
  Transformation Function

  1. Ensure the landing gear is lowered before landing.
  2. Stay away from the aircraft when it is transforming to prevent injury.
  3. DO NOT attempt to catch the aircraft, as the landing gear will lower if the Visual Positioning system

      detects an object and may cause injury.
  4. Keep the aircraft arms clean, otherwise transformation may be affected.
  5. Never apply lubricants to aircraft arms.

 

  Others

  1. If you are using a phone as your mobile display device, be sure to continue flying safely if you receive an
      incoming call.

  2. Land as soon as possible if there is an alert shown on the DJI Pilot app.
  3. Upon landing, power off the aircraft first, then switch off the remote controller.

 Preflight Checklist                                                                                                                                          EN

  1. Check that all parts are in good condition. Do not fly with aging or damaged parts.                                                                   5

  2. Remote controller, Intelligent Flight Battery and mobile device are all fully charged.

  3. Propellers are mounted correctly and securely.

  4. Lens is clear.

  5. Micro-SD card has been inserted, if necessary.

  6. Gimbal is functioning as normal.

  7. Gimbal is correctly attached to the aircraft.

  8. Motors can start and are functioning as normal.
  9. The DJI Pilot app can connect to the camera and all firmware has been updated to the latest version.

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

                                                                                                                         © 2014 DJI. All Rights Reserved.

 
 INTELLIGENT FLIGHT BATTERY

 Safety Guidelines

 

 

  
 

   V1.0 2014.12

 
   English                                                    Do not charge the Intelligent Flight Battery and
                                                              remote controller at the same time, otherwise
                                                              the charger may overheat.
   Battery Use                                                Do not leave batteries in a microwave oven or in
     Never use non-DJI batteries. Go to www.DJI.              a pressurized container.
     com to purchase new batteries. DJI takes no              Do not place loose battery cells on any conductive
     responsibility for any accidents caused by non-          surface, such as metal-toppled table.
     DJI batteries.                                           Do not put the loose cells in pocket, bag or
     Never use or charge a swollen, leaky or damaged          drawer where they may short-circuit against
     battery. If so, contact DJI or its designated dealers    other items or where battery terminals could be
     for further assistance.                                  pressed against each other.
     Never install or remove the battery from the aircraft    Do not drop or strike batteries. Do not place
     when it is turned on. Do not insert or remove            heavy objects on batteries or charger. Avoid
     batteries if the plastic cover had been torn or          dropping batteries.
     compromised in any way.                                  Clean battery terminals with a dry and clean
     The battery should be used in temperatures from          cloth.
     -10 to 40. Use of the battery above 50
     can lead to a fire or explosion. Use of battery         
     below -10 can lead to permanent damage.
     Do not use the battery in strong electrostatic         Charging the Battery
     or electromagnetic environments. Otherwise,              Do not attach the batteries to the wall or car
     the battery control board may malfunction                charger sockets directly, always use a DJI
     and a serious accident may happen during                 approved adapter. DJI takes no responsibility if
     flight.                                                  the battery is charged using a non-DJI charger.
     Never disassemble or pierce the battery in any           Never leave the battery unattended during
     way, or the battery may catch fire or explode.           charging. Do not charge the battery near
     Electrolytes in the battery are highly corrosive.        flammable materials or on flammable surfaces
     If any electrolytes splash onto your skin or eyes,       such as carpet or wood. Do not charge battery
     immediately wash the affected area with fresh            immediately after flight, because the battery
     running water for at least 15 minutes then see a         temperature may be too high. Do not charge
     doctor immediately.                                      the battery until it cools down to near room
     Check the condition of the battery if it falls out       temperature. Charging battery outside of the
     of the aircraft. Make sure the battery is NOT            temperature range of 0-40 may lead to
     damaged or leaking before putting it back to the         leakage, overheating, or battery damage. Charge
     aircraft.                                                and discharge the battery completely once
     Land the aircraft immediately when the low battery       every 20 charge/discharge cycles.
     level warning activates in the DJI Pilot app.            Discharge the battery until there is 0% of
     Do not allow the batteries to come into contact          power or until it can no longer be turned on,
     with any kind of liquid. Do not leave batteries          then recharge it to the maximum capacity.
     out in the rain or near a source of moisture.            This power cycling procedure will optimize the
     Do not drop the battery into water. If the inside        battery life.
     of the battery comes into contact with water,            DJI intelligent battery is designed to stop
     chemical decomposition may occur, potentially            charging when it is full. However it is good
     resulting the battery catching on fire, and may          practice to monitor charging progress and
     even lead to an explosion. If the battery falls into     disconnect the batteries when fully charged.
     water with the aircraft during flight, take it out       Disconnect charger when not in use. Examine
     immediately and put it in a safe and open area.          charger regularly for damage to the cord,
     Maintain a far distance from the battery until it        plug, enclosure or other parts. Do not clean
     is completely dry. Never use the battery again,          the charger with denatured alcohol or other
     and dispose of the battery properly as described         flammable solvents. Never use a damaged
     in Battery Disposal below.                               charger.
     Do not heat batteries. Put out any battery fire
     using sand or a dry powder fire extinguisher.           
     Never use water to put out a battery fire.             Battery Storage

   1 EN                                                       Keep batteries out of the reach of children and
                                                              pets.

 
     Do not leave the battery near heat sources such            Store Intelligent Flight Batteries in a ventilated
     as a furnace or heater. Do not leave the batteries
     inside of the vehicle on hot days. The ideal               location.
     storage temperature is 22-28.
     Keep the battery dry. Never drop the battery into          Should you require to carry the battery onto the
     water.
     Do not drop, strike, impale, or manually short-            plane, it is recommend to discharge the battery
     circuit the battery.
     Keep the battery away from metal objects such              to the range between 10% and 20% in order to
     as necklaces and hairpins.
     Discharge the battery to 30%-50% of the battery            ensure the safety of the battery.
     level if it will not be used for 7 days or more. This
     can greatly extend the battery life.                      
     Battery discharges automatically to below 65%
     when it is idle for more than 10 days to prevent         
     the battery from swelling. It takes around 2 days
     to discharge the battery to 65%, It is normal            
     that you may feel moderate heat emits from the              DJI 
     battery during the discharge process. Set the               DJI  DJI 
     discharging thresholds in the DJI Pilot app.               DJI 
      The battery will enter hibernation mode if                
     depleted and stored for a long period. When                
     in hibernation mode, if you try to power on the            
     battery, the battery power LED will show a solid           
     red light and the battery level LEDs will all be            -10 40
     off. You cannot manually turn off the battery              
     power LED in this state. Leave the battery                 
     unattended for 5 minutes, and then it will power           
     off. Recharge the battery to bring it out of               
     hibernation.                                               
     Remove batteries from the aircraft when stored             
     for an extended period.                                    
                                                                
                                                                 15 
                                                                
   Battery Disposal                                             
     Dispose of the battery into specific recycling             
     boxes only after a complete discharge. Do                  
     not place the battery into regular rubbish bins.           
     Strictly follow your local disposal and recycling          
     regulations of batteries.                                  
     If the power on/off button of the Intelligent Flight       
     Battery is disabled and the battery cannot be              
     fully discharged, please contact a professional            
     battery disposal/recycling agent for further               
     assistance.                                                
                                                                ""
                                                                
                                                                
   Notice                                                       
     Before carrying the Intelligent Flight Battery on a        
     airline flight, it must first be fully discharged. This    
     can be done by using it in your Inspire 1 or by            
     connecting your remote controller to the battery           
     using the Remote Controller Charging Cable.                
     Only discharge the battery in a fireproof location.        
                                                                
                                                                
                                                                
   2 EN                                                         
                                                                
                                                                
                                                                
                                                                

                                                              CH

 
                                        65% 
                                         3 
      DJI                               
      DJI                               
     DJI                                
                                        
                                        
                                        
                                         5 
                                        
                                        
     0-40
                                       
      20                              
     
      0%                                
                                        
                                        
                                        
                                        
                                        
                                        
                                         0% 
                                         0 
                                        
     
      22 - 28                          
                                      
     
                                        
                                        
                                        
                                        
                                        
                                        
                                        
      7  30%-                           
     50%                                 10 -20
     

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

   The content is subject to change.

    Download the latest version from

  www.dji.com/support
 

   © 2014 DJI. All Rights Reserved.

 
 

 

 INSPIRE 1

   Maintenance Manual

 

     V1.0 2015.2

 

 
 
 

    To ensure that your aircraft continues to offer optimal performance and to ensure flight safety,

    it is recommended that comprehensive maintenance be performed after every 200 flights or 50
    flight hours. This manual is intend to help users maintain their aircraft and maximize its continued

    reliability.
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

     I. Checking the Battery                                           II. Checking the Transformation System
                                                                        

         1. Check the battery for damage and deformities. If               1. Check the servomotor cables for wear. Also confirm
             there are any signs of damage to the battery, stop
                                                                                that the connection points are still in good condition.
             using it and discharge the battery to 10% or below         

             for disposal. Do not disassemble the battery for any          2. Check the lead screws and contact DJI Support

             reason.                                                           to arrange repairs if any bending or damage is
 
                                                                               discovered. Clean the lead screws with WD-40 spray
         2. Check the battery pins and rub them clean with an
                                                                               if they show signs of rust.
             eraser if any residue is observed. This will help to       

             ensure a more reliable connection.                            3. Listen to the servomotors during the transformation,
 
                                                                               if there is abnormal noise, it may indicate that the
         3. Check the metal battery power connectors for
                                                                               servomotors worn.
             damage. If the connectors appear burnt, try to clear       

             them. This can be done by inserting a piece of                4. After the landing gear rises, check the lead screws

             sandpaper (1mm thick) into the connectors to polish               and bearings. If any dirt or dust is found, clean and

             the metal.                                                        grease the bearings.
                                                                        

         4. Check the contact pins in the battery compartment to           5. Check the lead screws. If there is any scratches,

             ensure that the pins are clear. They should be able               dents, or plastic particles underneath them, contact

             to establish easy contact with the battery connectors             DJI Support to arrange repairs.

             and should not be bent.                                    
 
                                                                        
         5. Check the electrodes on the battery. If they appear
             burnt, polish them with sandpaper. If there is serious    III. Checking the Aircraft
                                                                        
             erosion, send the battery in for repairs.
                                                                            1. Confirm that all the screws are still adequately

         6. Check the plastic components of the battery bracket                 tightened.
                                                                        
             to see it is in good condition and that all screws are
                                                                            2. Check the aircraft for breaks or damage. If there is
             secure. This prevents the battery from becoming
             loose during flight.                                               any reason to believe that detectable damage might
                                                                                affect flight safety, consult with DJI Support.
         7. Check the power cables between the arms and the             
                                                                            3. Check the carbon tubes of the arms for damage.
             center plate, if the cables are worn, contact DJI to       
                                                                            4. Check the dampers on the landing gears. If they are
             arrange repairs.
                                                                                loose, secure them with 502 glue.
                                                                        
         8. For long term storage, please refer to the "Intelligent
                                                                            5. Ensure that there are no obstacles on or around the
             Flight Battery Safety Guidelines" and check the
             battery once a month to prevent the battery cell from              GPS module or around the antennas on the landing

             being damaged.                                                     gear. Remove any obstacles (such as tapes with
 
                                                                                conductive material) that might affect or block the
         9. Run the DJI Pilot App to confirm that all battery cells
                                                                                signal.
             are at similar voltage levels and stay at the same level   

             when the battery is fully charged. If all cells maintain       6. Check that the right and left landing gear rest at the

             voltage levels above 3.7V but any cell is 0.2V higher              same tilt angle.

             or lower than the others, contact DJI for analysis. You
             can also check the battery cell warning history. If any

             warning are reported, contact DJI.

  © 2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved. 1
                                                                        VIII. Checking the Gimbal and Camera
                                                                         
 
                                                                               1. The quick-mount connector for the camera is a
 
                                                                                    particularly vulnerable component. If the gimbal

                                                                                    fails to initialize when turned on, fails to work after

     IV. Checking the Motors                                                        initialization, or fails to transmit video to the app
 
                                                                                    (while OSD data is displayed), the quick-mount
           1. Check the rotors to confirm that they have not
                                                                                    connector may be worn. In this case, replace the
               become loose.
                                                                                    rubber mat, circuit board, and/or connector on the

           2. Detach the propellers and start the motors. Listen                    gimbal quick-mount.
                                                                         
               carefully. If there is any abnormal noise, please
                                                                               2. Check the metal contacts on the quick mount
               replace the motors. This may be a sign that the
                                                                                    connector board, if any contact is bent, replace
               bearings have been worn out.
                                                                                    the quick-mount connector.
                                                                         
           3. Detach the propellers and start the motors. Carefully
               examine the edge of the rotor and confirm that the              3. Che ck the contact p ins on the qui ck-moun t

               shaft is perfectly centered on the motor. Check                      connector board, if there is any dirt, rub it clean

               for any abnormal or excessive vibration. If any                      with an eraser. If any contact pins are worn out it

               problems are detected, contact DJI Support to order                  should be replaced.
                                                                         
               replacement motors.
                                                                               4. Confirm that the gimbal is able to properly stabilize

           4. Check for deformities by confirming that the gap                      itself. If its stabilizing performance deteriorates,

               between the motor and motor base is even. If not                     contact DJI to arrange repairs.
                                                                         
               contact DJI Support to order replacement motors.
                                                                               5. Listen for any abnormal noise from the fan when

           5. Ensure that the screws used to secure the motor                       the gimbal is turned on. This may indicate unusual

               base are tight and the plastic components around                     vibration and the fan should be replaced.

               the motors are in good condition. If not please           

               tighten the screws and contact DJI to repair any          

               broken plastic components.                               IX. Checking the Vision Positioning System
                                                                         
 
                                                                             1. Check the lens of the camera. If any dirt or residue
 
                                                                                 is detected, gently clean the lens.
     V. Checking the Propellers                                          
 
                                                                             2. Check for and remove objects that might block the
         1. Check the propellers. If there is any bending,
                                                                                 sensors.
              breakage or cracking on a propeller, do not use it.        
 
                                                                             3. Ensure that the Vision Positioning System is securely
         2. Attach the propeller to the motor, turn on the aircraft,
                                                                                 installed on the aircraft.
              and place it on the ground. Stand 1 meter away from        

              the aircraft and observe the rotating propellers. If you       4. Detach the propellers and turn on the aircraft. Hold

              can see two distinct propeller outline layers, when                the aircraft 1-2 meters above a surface with rich

              looking at a spinning propeller from the side, this                patterns, under good lighting conditions. Change

              propeller is damaged and should not be used.                       the Flight Mode switch to P Mode on the controller

                                                                                 and check the DJI Pilot app. If the app displays an

                                                                                 altitude value and indicates that P-OPTI mode is

     VI. Checking the IMU                                                        active, the Vision Positioning System should function
 
                                                                                 normally.
           1. Open DJI Pilot app to check the condition of the IMU       

               and perform an advanced IMU calibration. Please           
                                                                         
               place the aircraft in a cool environment and on a         
               flat, stable surface (if the landing gear is damaged,     
                                                                         
               support the aircraft with four objects of equal           
                                                                         
               height). Do not touch the craft during the calibration.   
                                                                         

           2. Turn on the aircraft and listen for any abnormal noise                     Support Center Contact Info:
                                                                         
               or vibration from the fan located on the front of the
                                                                                 http://www.dji.com/support
               aircraft. If any irregularity is detected, replace the
                                                                         
               fan.
                                                                         
 
                                                                                         The content is subject to change.
                                                                         

     VII. Checking the Control and Video Transmission System                              Download the latest version from
 
                                                                                          http://www.dji.com/product/inspire-1/download
            1. Check the 4 antennas on the landing gear to ensure

                that they are secure. Also check for any bending or

                damage.
 

            2. Check the antennas of the remote controller for

                damage
 

            3. Check the neck strap for damage or wear, replace

                if necessary.

  © 2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved. 2
 
 
 
 

                                      APPENDIX B

 

                      DJI S800 EVO--Operations Documents

 
   Spreading Wings S800 EVO

User Manual

 

 

 V 1.10

 

 

 February 07, 2014 Revision

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

                             www.dji.com

 
 Disclaimer

 

  Thank you for purchasing this DJI product. Please regularly visit the S800 EVO web page at www.dji.com, which is
  updated regularly. Product information, technical updates and manual corrections will be available on this web page.
  Due to unforeseen changes or product upgrades, the information contained in the manual is subject to change
  without notice.

 

  Read this disclaimer carefully before using this product. By using this product, you hereby agree to this disclaimer
  and signify that you have read them fully. Please strictly follow the manual to assemble and use the product. The
  manufacturer and seller assume no liability for any resulting damage or injury arising from the operation or use of
  this product.

 

  DJI is registered trademark of DJI Innovations. Names of product, brand, etc., appearing in this manual are
  trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective owner companies. This product and manual are copyrighted
  by DJI Innovations with all rights reserved. No part of this product or manual shall be reproduced in any form
  without the prior written consent or authorization of DJI Innovations. No patent liability is assumed with respect to
  the use of the product or information contained herein.

 
 Profile320mm(Heigth)

 

  S800 EVO is a multi-rotor designed for aerial photograph which integrates reinforced mechanical structures,
  stabilized dynamical system and high-efficiency power supply. Integrated designs make assembly and configuration
  become especially easy and fast; retractable landing gear, foldable propellers and collapsible GPS Mount are
  conveniently portable for optimal user experiences. Retractable landing gears and vibration dampers coordinate to
  create omnidirectional aerial view and high quality photograph. Combined with professional DJI multi-rotor
  autopilot system S800 EVO will achieve hovering, cruising and other steady flight elements, which can be applied
  for aerial photography and other aero-modeling activities.
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

                                                                      240mm(Diameter)

 
 Contents

 

  Disclaimer................................................................................................................................................................................................................ 2

 

  Profile ....................................................................................................................................................................................................................... 3

 

  Contents.................................................................................................................................................................................................................. 4

 

  Product Usage Cautions ................................................................................................................................................................................... 5

 

  In The Box............................................................................................................................................................................................................... 6

 

  Tools Needed ........................................................................................................................................................................................................ 6

 

  Center Frame Wiring ......................................................................................................................................................................................... 7

 

  Attach Electric Equipment to Center Frame............................................................................................................................................. 8

 

  Mount Frame Arms............................................................................................................................................................................................ 10
 

  Mount Landing Gear..........................................................................................................................................................................................12

 

        1 Assembly & Connection.......................................................................................................................................................................12

 

        2 Travel Calibration .................................................................................................................................................................................. 13

 

        3 Transmitter Setting ...............................................................................................................................................................................14

 

        4 Usage .........................................................................................................................................................................................................14

 

        5 Mount Battery Bracket ........................................................................................................................................................................16

 

  Assembly ................................................................................................................................................................................................................17

 

  Install the IMU Mount (Optional) ..................................................................................................................................................................18

 

  Appendix ................................................................................................................................................................................................................ 19

 

        ESC Sound...................................................................................................................................................................................................19

 

        ESC LED .......................................................................................................................................................................................................19

 

        Specifications............................................................................................................................................................................................ 20

 

  FAQ (Trouble Shooting)................................................................................................................................................................................... 21

 

        Solder ESC...................................................................................................................................................................................................21

 

        Assemble the Vibration Absorber of Motors..................................................................................................................................21

 

  Spare Parts Listing.............................................................................................................................................................................................22

 
   Product Usage Cautions

   When flying, the fast rotating propellers may cause serious damage(s) and injuries. Therefore, please fly with a high

  safety in mind at all time.

 

 

   Assembly Cautions

 

    (1) Mount the GPS Module with a bracket, to avoid interference with the power board of center frame.

   (2) For IMU mounting, make sure the arrow direction marking on the IMU is pointing to the aircraft nose.

   (3) The receiver is strongly recommended to be attached under the bottom board of center frame, and the

   head of antenna is downward without any obstacle. Otherwise the aircraft may be out of control, since

   the wireless signal may be lost.

   (4) Mount the arms correctly.

 

   a) Center frame                Arm

   b) Center frame                Arm

    (5) For removing screws in the bottom board, please proceed with cautious, avoiding damages. Do not

 

            remove any other screws fixed with glue.

 

    (6) Notice matching the indications is very important, please pay attention to them.

 

   Flight Cautions

 

    (1) With DJI WKM autopilot system, make sure the output signal of WKM F1~F2 and M1~M6 are all normal,

   to avoid serious damages and injuries.

   (2) Keep flying the multi-rotor a distance from people, building, high-voltage lines, tall trees, water, etc.

   (3) Make sure to use 6S LiPo battery for power supply.

   (4) Do not get close to or touch the working motors and propellers, which will cause serious injury.

   (5) Do not over load the multi-rotor.

    (6) Make sure the propellers and the motors are installed correctly and firmly before flying.

 

    (7) Make sure all parts of product are in good condition before each flight. Do not fly with wore or broken

   parts.

    (8) Strongly recommend you to use DJI parts as much as possible.

 

   Others

 

    (1) If you have any problem you cannot solve, please contact your dealer or DJI customer service.

 
 In The Box                             Frame Arm×6

                                        Landing Gear Support Tube ×2

   Center Frame×1                       H Frame Connection Pipe×1Spring×2
                                        Silicone Rubber Damper ×4
                                        Package of IMU Mount×1

                                        Screw Package for Frame×1
                                        Screw Package for Landing Gear×1
 
                                         For mounting screws.
                                          For fastening screws.
 
                                          
   Retracting Mechanism×2
                                        For binding devices and wires.
                                        For fixing receiver, controller and other modules.
 
 
 
 
 

   Base Pipe×2

 
 

   Package of 3-PIN Servo Cable ×1

 

 
 

   Package of Battery Tray×1

 
 
 
 
 

   GPS Fixed Seat×1

 
 
 

 

   Out of The Box Guidance ×2

 

 
 

 Tools Needed

    2.0mm Hex Wrench, 2.5mm Hex Wrench

    Thread Locker

    Nylon Cable Tie

 

    Scissors

 

    Diagonal Cutting Pliers

 

    Foam Double Sided Adhesive Tape

 
 Center Frame Wiring

 

  The top board is a power distribution board, and the bottom board is for loading autopilot system components.

 

 

                                                                                                                    Top Board

 

                                                                                                                    Slot

 

                                                                   Bottom Board
                                                                   Buckle
                                                     

                                                    Aircraft Nose

      Top Board

 

                                                M3                                                                        M6   Mark
                                                                                                                               Motor counter clock-wise
                                                    IMU Front
                                                                                                                               Mark
                          ESC signal outlet                                                                                    Motor number
                            To main controller                                                                                 XT60 Female
                                                                                                                               To Gimbal
 
                                                                                                                                
 
                                                                                                                               Circuit line
                                                                                                                               Parallel Circuit
                                                                                                                               Mark
                                                                                                                               Motor clock-wise
                            IMU mount position
                                                                                                                               XT60 Male
                                                                                                                                To Battery

                                                                                                                                
 
                                                                                                                                XT60 Female
                                                                                                                                To PMU

 Notes:

 

  (1) For IMU mounting, make sure the arrow direction marking on the IMU is pointing to the aircraft nose.
 

  (2) Connect the 3-pin connectors (M1~M6) of servo cable from WKM M.C. to ESC signal socket (M1~M6) on
 

          center frame markings accordingly.
 

         (WKM M.C. M1 ESC signal socket M1, ...... , WKM M.C. M6 ESC signal socket M6)

 Tips:

 

  (1) The main battery power leads, gimbal and PMU leads are on the bottom surface of the top board.

  (2) Markings and stand for the propeller rotation direction. means clock-wise, and means

          counter clock-wise.

 

  (3) If other lead connector is required, please cut the original connector and solder on the new one. (But NOT
 

          Recommend.)

 
   Attach Electric Equipment to Center Frame

 

    1. (Fig.1)Remove the screws in the bottom board.
 

    2. (Fig.2)Attach the IMU module into IMU position in the center frame. Ensure the IMU casing is out of
 

            touching the top board edge, as vibration can cause IMU mal-function.
 

    3. (Fig.2)Please attach DJI Autopilot System parts onto the bottom board (not including GPS modules.

 

    4. (Fig.2)Connect the Autopilot System and receiver. Please refer to DJI WKM User Manual for details.
 

    5. (Fig.3)Please fix all the screws to bottom board, and use adequate thread locker.
 

    6. (Fig.4)Attach the GPS Fixed Seat to the top board (near to the M3), then mount the GPS Module to the
 

            GPS Fixed Seat with a bracket.

 

    7. Configure Autopilot System. Please refer to DJI WKM User Manual.

 

   Note:

 

    (1) Make sure to mount the IMU module at the IMU position first, and the mount orientation is correct.
 

    (2) Mount the GPS with a bracket, to avoid interference from center frame power board.
 

    (3) Make sure the USB port of the M.C. is pointing outwards for easy access.
 

    (4) Please wire neatly. Make sure the wires will not be cut by the edge of frames.
 

    (5) Install the screws with appropriate strength to prevent damage threads.
 

    (6) Watch out clamping fingers when folding the GPS Bracket.

 

 
   You can attach the LED
                                                                                                                                                      Module to the support

                                            To the CAN Port of                                    tube.

                                            GPS/Compass Module                                    Note: Risk of wire cut

  off by the Retracting
                                                                                                                                                      Mechanism.
                                            GPS/Compass
                                                                                    

                                            Module                                  

                                                                                                                                  To GIMBAL Lead

  

                                             Micro-USB             
                                             Port faces            
                                            outwards for

                                            connection                                To PM Lead
                                            convenience
                                                                   
  
  
  
  
  
                                                                   
                                             Receiver
                                            D-BUS                                         You can wire the LED

                                                                                                                                                through the bottom board

 

   Fig.1 Remove the screws                                Fig.2 Attach the Autopilot System

 
 

 

                                                         Fig.3 Fix the screws

 
 
 
 

 

                            Note: for DJI A2 user,
                                 please use the

                            component in red; for
                              WKM user, it is not
                                    required.

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

                                      Fig.4 Mount the GPS Fixed Seat and GPS module

 

 
 
 
 

                                                    Mind You Fingers

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

                                             Fig.5 Note of folding the GPS Bracket

 
 Mount Frame Arms

 

    Step 1                                                                       Step 2

 

 

                                                           Copper contacts        
       Propeller
                                                                                  
            Screw                                                                 
                                                                                  
            Cover                                
                                                                                 (1)
                                                Motor rotation direction
           Motor
                                                        Clock-wise
 
                                                         Counter clock-wise
               ESC

               LED

 
 

 

    Step 3                            Step 4                                             Step 5

                                                                                               Vertical     
                                                                                                           35o
 
                                                                                                              Horizontal
 
                                                                                                          Horizontal
 
 

 

 
      (2)

 

    Step1: Check the arms.
 

                    (1) Make sure the copper contacts are in good condition without bend or severe wear.

 

                    (2) Make sure the propellers are without crack, and screws in propeller cover tight.

 

                (3) Make sure the motors are mounted firmly, and rotate freely.
 

                    (4) We recommend you to mount the arms with red propeller cover to M1 and M2 to indicate the nose

 

                    of aircraft.

 

                    (5) Distinguish the marks and on the arms.

 

                    Arm Center frame

 

                    Arm Center frame

 

    Step2: Insert the frame arm into center frame vertically.
 

   Step3: Slowly rotate the frame arm upward until positioned completely.

 

   Step4: Press down the buckle to lock the arm. Make sure the arm does not move.

 

   Step5: Make sure the buckle is pressed down correctly, about 35o under normal circumstances.

 

   Notes:

 

    (1) Please add some lubricant at the position (1) if it is hard to press down the buckle.
 

   (2) Slowly rotate the frame arm to prevent from breaking the copper contacts.

 

   ©2012 DJI Innovations. All Rights Reserved.                                                            10

 
  (3) Please refer to (2) to make sure the arm is perfectly positioned.
 

  (4) Make sure to use appropriate strength to press down the buckle correctly.
 

  (5) Do not hot plug arms.

 

 Tips:

 

  (1) LED is on after motor start.

 

 Step 6 Double Check

  Armsare aircraft nose, arms are aircraft tail. See from top, motors on arms rotate counter

  clockwise; motors on arms rotate clockwise.  

 

 
 

              

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

                                                   

 

 

 
 
 
 
 

                                                 

   

 
 Mount Landing Gear

 

  By using a 2-position switch of R/C transmitter, you can control the landing gear to retract remotely.

 
 

 1 Assembly & Connection

  The part with the control board attached is defined as left, and the other part is right. Make sure to make a

 

  distinction between the left and the right servos.

 

   Servo Arm Installation                                                          Servo Assembly

   Center Line    Servo        Right Servo                                          
                  Arm                                                               
                                                                       Left Servo   
                                                                                    
 
                                                                                    
 
                                                                                   Control Board
   Servo
                                
 
                                
 
                                             DANGER
   Finished                                                                                         
                                               DO NOT TOUCH!
                                                                                   R L IN           
                                                                                                    
                                                                                                    
                               Right Part of the
                               Landing Gear                                                        LED
                                                                                                   SET Button
                                
                                                                                                   Receiver Channel
                                                      Left Part of
                                                      the Landing Gear                             Left Servo

                                                                                                   Right Servo

 

 
 
 

                                              Aircraft Nose Direction

 

   step1: Servo Installation (If the servos have already been installed, please skip this step.)

 

    1. (Shown in the Fig) Define and mark the two HS-7954SH servos from Hitec as left servo and right servo.

 

    2. Connect the left servo to the [L] port on the control board, and the right servo to the [R] port.

 

    3. Keep pressing the SET button with aid of a small tool, and then power on. You will see the yellow LED
 

             beside SET button flashes quickly, and then wait until the servos have finished their position initialization.

 

    4. Make sure the servo arm is parallel to the servo's center line.

 

    5. Power off, assemble the left and right servos to the left and the right parts of the landing gear.

 

    Tips: If you use your own servos, it is recommended to use the dedicated programmer from Hitec to enlarge the

   servo travel from 120° to 150°, and then install servos by the above steps. Servos from DJI have been enlarged

   servo travel.

   step2: Mechanical Assembly

 
   1. Assemble the left and right parts respectively, and then fix the screws at the joints with appropriate

        thread locker.

    2. Connect the left and right parts with connecting rod.

 

    3. For safety reasons, make sure to connect the springs to both parts.

 

   step3: Electrical Connections

 

    1. Plug the cables from the servos into the correct ports on the control board. Make sure the right servo is

        connected to the [R] port, and the left servo to the [L] port.

    2.  Connect the required 2-position switch of R/C receiver to the [IN] port.

 
 
 

   2 Travel Calibration

  If the Landing Gear you got has been installed with the servos, please skip this step. Otherwise, calibrate the system

  using the following procedures.
 

    1. For safety reasons, please keep your hands away from any link mechanism to avoid injury.
 

    2. Make sure the [R], [L] and [IN] connections are correct and firmly connected.
 

    3. Hang the Landing Gear in the air during calibration, as the landing gear will move.
 

    4. Keep pressing the SET button using a small tool and power on. You can see the LED flashes YELLOW
 

            quickly, and then press the SET button once again. The system begins auto calibration with the indication
 

            of the LED flashing YELLOW slowly. DO NOT obstruct any moving part during auto calibration.
 

    5. The left-part is calibrated, the left link mechanism first moves up then moves down automatically. Then
 

            the right-part is calibrated, the right link mechanism first moves up then moves down automatically.
 

    6. After calibration, both left and right parts are in the [Lower] position, and the LED is solid GREEN on.
 

            Then the landing gear will work normally.
 

    Notes:
 

    (1) If the LED is solid YELLOW on during calibrating, it means that there is something wrong with the
 

            calibration, please re-do the Servo Installation of the Assembly & Connection section, since the servo arm
 

            might be installed with a wrong angle.
 

    (2) Please avoid any obstruction during calibrating. If the landing gear is blocked from moving, please
 

            recalibrate the landing gear by the above steps.
 

    (3) If the [R] and [L] servo cables are reversed, the travel will not be measured correctly. Please connect
 

            correctly and recalibrate the landing gear using the above steps.

 
3 Transmitter Setting

 

    Select a 2-position switch (default setting is OK) of

   Transmitter as the control input of the landing gear, and

    then make sure the corresponding port of receiver is                      

                                                                              

    connected to the [IN] port on control board.                             Fig. 1

                                             RetractedToggle the switch to

                                              this position to retract the
                                              landing gear (Fig.1)

                                             LowerToggle the switch to this   
                                                                             Fig. 2
                                             position to lower the landing

                                             gear (Fig. 2)

 

     Tips:

 

     (1) If the switch of Transmitter has FailSafe function, set

              the FailSafe value to the [Lower] position, so that

              the landing gear will be in [Lower] status when the

              receiver enters FailSafe mode, to land the aircraft

              safely.

     (2) To avoid false switch triggering, you can use the
 

              slide lever or other trim as the landing gear's
 

              control switch.

 

 
 
 

 4 Usage

  The landing gear can be used by following the steps below after assembly & connection.
 

    1. Make sure the transmitter & receiver batteries are fully charged.
 

    2. Toggle the switch to the [Lower] position, and then turn on the transmitter.
 

    3. Make sure the [R], [L] and [IN] connections are correct and firmly connected.
 

    4. Make sure the Landing Gear is at the [Lower] position, and then power on the system. If the green LED is
 

           solid on, then this is a normal start. If the LED flashes GREEN slowly, please re-calibrate the system
 

           according to the procedure of Travel Calibration.
 

    5. Make sure to toggle the switch to the [Retracted] position ONLY AFTER you takeoff the aircraft.
 

    6. When the aircraft is landing, please toggle the switch to the [Lower] position for a safe landing.

 
    Tips
 

    (1) The system will turn off the servo power temporarily within 3 seconds after the landing gear has reached
 

           the target position.
 

    (2) When powering on the system, if the Transmitter switch is at the [Retracted] position, which is the unsafe
 

           signal for the landing gear, the LED will quickly flash RED. Toggle the switch to the [Lower] position.
 

    (3) If there is an abnormal signal or no signal input into the [IN] port the LED will slowly flash RED. Please
 

           check the receiver and the connections.
 

    (4) If the power consumption of servos is too large during usage, the LED will be solid RED on. If this status
 

           lasts more than 4 seconds, the landing gear will lower and the LED will flash GREEN slowly. Please
 

           re-calibrate the system.

 

                      
                      
   LED Indicator

                              System works normally

 
                             Hasn't been calibrated

 

                                   Need re-calibration
 

                                    Wrong calibration

 

                        Enter the calibration mode
 

                                 System is calibrating
 

                                              Motor stall
 

     Input signal is unsafe when power on the Transmitter

 

                            Input signal is abnormal

 

 

 Specifications

 

          Parameter                  Range                 Parameter         Range

   Working Voltage               3S~6S (LiPo)              Input Signal      PWM (High-Pulse Width 800us~2200us)

     Working Current             Max 1A@6S                   Output Signal   PWM(Mid Position is 1520us) in 90Hz
                                 -20~70oC                                    6V
     Working Temperature         875g                        Output Voltage  150 o (Minimum120 o)
    
                                                            
     Total Weight
                                                             Servo Travel

 
5 Mount Battery Bracket

 

    Step1: Mount the retaining clip and the bracket, fix screws (but not tighten).

 

 

                                                                                                                                            M2.5X5

 

 

                                                                                                                                           Bracket

                                                                                                                                           Notch Outwards

 
 
 
 
 
 

                                                                                                                                           Retaining Clips

                                                                                                                                            Chamfer Outwards

 
 
 
 
 
 

 

    Step2: Place the battery mounting board and adjust its position, and then tighten all screws.

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

                                                                                                                                                Battery Mounting Board

 

 
 
 
 
 
 

                                                                                                                                                    90o

 

 
 
 
 
 

   Parallel  Parallel  Parallel                                                                    Correct

 
 Assembly

 

 Assembly

                          

                                                                        
 
                                                                   
                                                                   
                                                                   
                                                                   
 
                                                                  Align knob to mark
 

                          

                                                                                                   Insert knob into arm                 Rotate knob

                                                                                   (2)
 

 
                                                            (1)  

                                                                                                                                 Knob

 

                                                                                                                                  Mark

                                                                                                   Vibration Absorber

                                                                                                                                  Vibration Damper Mount

 
 
 

                                                                   Vibration Damper Mount Details

 

 
 
 
                                                                                                     Not
           Coaxial Align                                            Not                            Coaxial
                                                                  Coaxial

 
 
 

 

   1. Align all knobs on H frame to the marks; refer to fig (1).

  2. Lie frame and Landing Gear horizontally, insert knobs into arms  and  first, and then adjust to
 

          insert the others into the arms.
 

  3. Make sure the Vibration Damper Mount is correct, and then rotate the knob to the end, as fig (2) shown.

 

 Notes:

 

   Ensure all knobs on the H frame aligned to the marks, and they would go through the arms successfully.

 
 Install the IMU Mount (Optional)

 

  If you wish to achieve a smooth and steady fight, carry out the following procedures to install the IMU Mount.
 

    1. (Fig.1) Remove the screws to dismount the Battery Bracket.
 

    2. (Fig.2) Fix the IMU Mount and remount the Battery Bracket.
 

    3. (Fig.3) Adjust the IMU Mount and the Battery Bracket, and then fix all the screws.
 

    4. (Fig.4) Attach the IMU Module; make sure that the arrow on LOGO is pointing to the aircraft nose.
 

                                          Aircraft Nose  Fig.2

                                   Fig.1                                                        Arrow on
                                                                                               IMU LOGO
 
                                                         Fig.4
 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

                                   Fig.3

 
 Appendix

 

 ESC Sound

   ESC State                                  Sound

    Ready                                     1234567--B--B
                                              BBBBBB...
                                              B--------B--------B...
    Throttle stick is not at bottom           BB---BB---BB---BB...

 

    Input signal abnormal
 

    Input voltage abnormal

 

 

 ESC LED

   ESC State                                  LED

    Standby                                   Off
                                              Solid Red or Green On
                                              Solid Yellow On
    Motor rotating

 

    Motor rotating at full throttle position

 

 
 
 

   Tips:

 

    DJI ESCs are specially designed for multi-rotors. When use with DJI autopilot systems, you do not have to setup
 

    any parameters or calibrate travel range.

 
 Specifications                       800mm
                                      350mm
 
                                        
    Frame
                                       

    Diagonal Wheelbase                356g
 
                                      240mm
    Frame Arm Length                  550g
                                      460mm(Length)×425mm(Width)×320mm(Height)
                                      (Top width: 155mm)
    Frame Arm Weight
                                      
 
                                      1050g
    (with Motor, ESC, Propeller )
                                     41×14mm
                                     400rpm/V
    Center Frame Diameter            500W
                                     158g
 
                                     40A OPTO
    Center Frame Weight              6S LiPo
                                     30Hz ~ 450Hz
                                     8KHz
                                     35g
    Landing Gear Size
                                     Engineering plastic
                                     15×5.2 inch
                                     13g
    Retractable Landing Gear Weight
                                     6.0Kg ~ 8.0Kg
                                     3.7Kg
    (Including Battery Tray)         LiPo (6S10000mAh~15000mAh15C(Min))
                                     3000W
                                     800W(@ Takeoff Weight 6.7Kg)
    Motor                            Max: 20 min (@15000mAh&6.7KgTakeoff Weight)
                                     -10 ~ +40 oC
 

    Stator Size

    KV

    Max Power

 

    Weight (with Cooling Fan)
 

    ESC

 

    Current
 

    Voltage

 

    Signal Frequency
 

    Drive PWM Frequency

 

    Weight (with Radiators)
 

    Foldable Propeller (1552)
 

    Material
 

    Size

 

    Weight
 

    Flight Parameters
 

    Takeoff Weight
 

    Total Weight

    Power Battery

 

    Max Power Consumption

 

    Hover Power Consumption
 

    Hover Time

    Working Environment Temperature

 
 FAQ (Trouble Shooting)

 

 Solder ESC

   Make sure to solder the thick wires and fine wires correctly, when solder ESC to frame arm.

 

   Clockwise and counter clockwise motor should be soldered to ESC correctly by different color order.

 

                 For arms                                             For arms

 

   Red                                                            
   Black
                                                                  

           Blue                                                                                                          GG PV  Solder pad
   Thick wire                          GG PV                                                                                    Blue
                                                                                                                                Black
   Fine wire                                                                                                                    Red

      Fine wire

 

     Thick wire

 

 
 
 

   Assemble the Vibration Absorber of Motors

   The soft gasket is a part of the Vibration Absorber and it has a thick end and a thin end, it's important to assemble

   the soft gaskets in correct approach adhere to the diagram below.

   Propeller CCW: the thick ends of the gaskets (A) are upwards, the thick ends of the gaskets (B) are downwards.

 

   Propeller CW: the thick ends of the gaskets (C) are downwards, the thick ends of the gaskets (D) are upwards.

 

                        Propeller CCW                                 Propeller CW

 

 
 
 

 

                 A                                                      D 
                                                             B        C 

 
   Spare Parts Listing

   If S800 EVO needs component replaced, please refer to the following diagram to identify the component NO., and

   then make a purchase of corresponding package. Each package includes screws needed. The Components Number

                                                
                                                
  is defined as bellow.

                                               SE010101CCW  CW-ClockwiseCCW-Counter clockwise
                                                                      
                         S800 EVO

      01Arm Frame02Center Frame                             Parts NO.

      03Landing Gear                           Package NO.

 

      Frame Arm                                                                

                                                                              M3x10.5(2pcs)
                                                                              M3x4.5(2pcs)
 
                                                                              SE010301B/
                                                                              SE010401R
                                                                              SE010701CW/
           M2x9(3pcs)                                                          SE010801CCW
                                                                               SE010702(4pcs)

         SE010101CW /                                                         SE010302
       SE010102CCW
                                                                               
              SE010102
                                                                              M2.5(4pcs)
 
                                                                              SE014401
              SE010103
                                                                              SE014402
 
                                                                               

                                                                              SE010303
                                                                              M3x4.5(3pcs)

                                                                              SE011001

                                                                                                                                                                                SE010501R/
                                                                                                                                                                                SE010601G

 

                                                                                                                                                                                M2.5x11(4pcs)

 

  Package NO.           Name                           Components Number
                        Frame Arm (Counter Clockwise)  SE010101CCWSE010102SE010103M2x9
 

  1

   2                    Frame Arm (Clockwise)          SE010102CWSE010102SE010103M2x9

   3                    Motor with black Prop cover    SE010301BSE010302SE014402SE014401 

                                                       SE010303 M2.5x5M3x4.5

   4                    Motor with red Prop cover      SE010401RSE010302SE014402SE014401 

                                                       SE010303 M2.5x5M3x4.5

 

  5 ESC with Red Led                                   SE010501R
 

   6 ESC with Green Led SE010601G

                        1552 Folding Propellers(both   SE010701CCWSE010801CWSE010702M3x10.5
  45

 

                          CW&CCW)
 

   9 Washer for Propeller SE010702

 

   10 ESC Heat Sink                                    SE011001

 
     Center Frame                                   M2x9(12pcs)
                                                    SE021401(6pcs)
                                                    M2.5x5(25pcs)

                                                    SE021201
                                                    SE021601(7pcs)
                                                    SE021501
 
 

 

 

 
 
 

 

 
 

 

 

 

 

                                                    SE021502
                                                    SE021503
 
                                                    SE021301

                                                    M2.5x5(25pcs)
 
                   Name                             Components Number
                   Center Frame                     SE021201SE021301SE021401SE021501
                                                    SE021502 SE021503SE021601M2x9M2.5x5
                   Center Frame Top Board           SE021201M2x9M2.5x5
                   Center Frame Bottom Board
                   Top Board Cover                  SE021301M2.5x5
                   Arm Mounting Bracket             SE021401M2x9
                   Aluminum Brace for Center Frame
                                                    SE021501SE021502SE021503 M2x9M2.5x5
                                                    SE021601M2.5x5

    Package NO.

    11

    12

    13
    14

    15

    16

 
   Landing Gear                                                SE032802
                                                               SE031801
                                                               SE033301
                                                               SE031901
           SE032901                                            M2.5x5(2pcs)

          SE032204                                             SE033102
                                                               SE032801
                                                               SE032803
                                                               M3x8(4pcs)
           SE032803                                          
                                                               M3x5(2pcs)
                           (1)                                 SE033103
                                                               SE033104
           SE032801                                            HC_M2.5x10(4pcs)
                                                               SE032101
           SE033001                                            SE032001
           SE032802                                            SE032401
          SE032804
   HC_M3x8(2pcs)                SE8032502  SE8032402           SE032402
    M2.5x5(4pcs)                                               SE033201
           SE032201                                            PM2x3.5x4
           SE032202                               
                                                                        SE033203
            SE031701                                                    SE033202
                                                                        M2.5x8
           SE031702                                                     SE033201

                                                                        

           SE032301                                                     SE033401(7pcs)
                  M3x8
                         (2)  
           SE032302
                           SE8032801  SE8032802  SE8032803
 

 

 

 

          SE032501

 
 

          SE032502

         HC_M2.5x8

 

          HC_M3x22

 

           SE032601

  SE032701(4pcs)

 

 

   Note1: (1) Left Support Tube right Support Tube are different; (2) Left set, middle set and right set of Damping Unit

   are different.

   Package NO. Name                   Components Number
   17 Retract Module(Left)            SE031701SE031702
   18 Retract Module(Right)           SE031801SE031702
   19 HITEC Servo (Right)             SE031901HC_M2.5x10
   20 HITEC Servo (Left)              SE032001HC_M2.5x10
   21 Carbon Tube of H-Frame          SE032101HC_M2.5x8
   22 Control Board                   SE032201SE032202SE032203SE032204M2.5x5
   23 Spring                          SE032301SE032302SE031702M3x8
   24 Support Tube (Right)            SE032401SE032402M3x8HC_M2.5x8HC_M3x8
   25 Support Tube (Left)             SE032501SE032502M3x8HC_M2.5x8HC_M3x8

 
    26           Base Tube                   SE032601SE032701
                 Silicone Rubber Damper      SE032701
                 Damping Unit (Set)          SE032801SE032802SE032803SE032804HC_M3x8
    27           Aluminum Tube of H-Frame    SE032901
                 Silicone Rubber of H-Frame  SE033001
    28
 

    29
 

    30

    31           Battery Tray                SE033101SE033102SE033103SE033104M2.5x5M3x5
                 Control arm of Retractable
                 Module(Left)                 
    32           Control Arm of Retractable
                 Module(Right)               SE033201SE033202SE033203M2.5x8
                 Shaft Sleeve of Retract
    33           Module                       
 
                                             SE033301SE033202SE033203M2.5x8
    34
                                              

                                             SE033401

    35           IMU Mount                  SE033501 M3x8

                                          SE033601         SE0 3380 1
                                 Components Number
                                 SE033601

    Others

 
 

 

                 Name
                 GPS Holder
 
 
 

    Package NO.
 

    36

                 Screws Package  M3x8(10pcs)HC_M2.5x10(10pcs)M2.5x5(30pcs)M2x9(10pcs)
                 Blade Holder    M3x4.5(10pcs)M2.5x8(5pcs)M2.5x11(10pcs)M3x 10.5(15pcs)
    37                           HC_M3x8(10pcs)HC_M2.5x8(10pcs)HC_M3x22(5pcs)

                                 SE033801
    38
                 Name                                      Components Number
                 Battery Mount Board                       SE033104Velcro straps
                 Frame Arm with Prop CCW &Red LED          Package NO. 145710
                 Frame Arm with Prop CW &Red LED           Package NO. 245810
    Package NO.  Frame Arm with Prop CCW &Green LED        Package NO. 136710
                 Frame Arm with Prop CW &Green LED         Package NO. 236810
    39

    40

    41

    42

    43

 
                                                                 --------N2.5(4pcs)

                             "F;::;;"?"------- SE01440l

 

                                                      eJi1--------SE014402

 
 

  Package NO.    Name                               Components Number
               Vibration absorber of Notor
                                                     
  44
                                                    SE01440l, SE014402, N2.5
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

   ©2013-2014 DJI Innovations. All Rights Reserved                                   26

 
 
 
 
 

                                      APPENDIX C

 

                     DJI Phantom 2--Operations Documents

 
   PHANTOM 2 User Manual V1.4

 
 For PHANTOM 2 Flight Controller Firmware version V3.10

 

 & PHANTOM 2 Assistant version V3.8

 

 & PHANTOM RC Assistant version V1.1

 2015.01
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

  Congratulations on purchasing your new DJI product. Please thoroughly read the entire contents of this manual to

  fully use and understand the product.

 

 It is advised that you regularly check the PHANTOM 2's product page at www.dji.com which is updated on a

  regular basis. This will provide services such as product information, technical updates and manual corrections. Due

  to any unforeseen changes or product upgrades, the information contained within this manual is subject to change

  without notice.

  DJI and PHANTOM 2 are registered trademarks of DJI. Names of product, brand, etc., appearing in this manual are

  trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective owner companies. This product and manual are copy

  righted by DJI with all rights reserved.

 

 

  If you have any questions or concerns regarding your product, please contact your dealer or DJI Customer Service.

  ©2013-2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.1 |

 
 Content

 

 CONTENT........................................................................................................................2 

 

 IN THE BOX .....................................................................................................................4 

 

 LEGEND ..........................................................................................................................4 

 

 1. PHANTOM 2 AIRCRAFT ...............................................................................................5 

 

    1.1 BUILTIN FLIGHT CONTROL SYSTEM INSTRUCTIONS..................................................................5 

    1.2 CONNECTIONS WITH OTHER DJI PRODUCTS...........................................................................5 

      Important Notes of Using with Other DJI Products ........................................................6 

      Connections with Other DJI Products .............................................................................7 

    1.3 LED FLIGHT INDICATORS DESCRIPTION ...............................................................................11 

    1.4 NOTES FOR PHANTOM 2 USING WITH OTHER DJI PRODUCTS ................................................12 

 

 2 PROPELLERS...............................................................................................................13 

 

    2.1 ASSEMBLY.....................................................................................................................13 

    2.2 DISASSEMBLY ................................................................................................................13 

    2.3 NOTES .........................................................................................................................13 

 

 3 REMOTE CONTROLLER ...............................................................................................14 

 

    3.1 POWER ON THE REMOTE CONTROLLER ...............................................................................14 

    3.2 REMOTE CONTROLLER LED INDICATOR STATUS ....................................................................15 

      3.2.1 Remote Controller Power LED Indicator Status ...................................................15 

      3.2.2 Remote Controller Battery Level Indicator Status ...............................................15 

    3.3 ANTENNA ORIENTATION ..................................................................................................16 

    3.4 REMOTE CONTROLLER OPERATION ....................................................................................16 

    3.5 LINKING THE REMOTE CONTROLLER & BUILTIN RECEIVER ......................................................18 

 

 4 INTELLIGENT BATTERY ...............................................................................................19 

 

    4.1 CHARGING PROCEDURES..................................................................................................19 

    4.2 INSTALL THE BATTERY ......................................................................................................20 

    4.3 BATTERY USAGE .............................................................................................................20 

    4.4 DESCRIPTION OF THE BATTERY LEVEL INDICATOR...................................................................21 

    4.5 CORRECT BATTERY USAGE NOTES ......................................................................................22 

 

 5 CALIBRATING THE COMPASS ......................................................................................23 

  ©2013-2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.2 |

 
    5.1 CALIBRATION WARNINGS .................................................................................................23 
    5.2 CALIBRATION PROCEDURES ..............................................................................................23 
    5.3 WHEN RECALIBRATION IS REQUIRED ...................................................................................23 

 

 6 FLIGHT .......................................................................................................................24 

 

    6.1 FLYING ENVIRONMENT REQUIREMENTS ..............................................................................24 
    6.2 STARTING THE MOTORS ...................................................................................................24 
    6.3 TAKEOFF/LANDING PROCEDURES.......................................................................................24 
    6.4 FAILSAFE FUNCTION ........................................................................................................25 
    6.5 LOW BATTERY CAPACITY WARNING FUNCTION .....................................................................27 
    6.6 FLIGHT LIMITS FUNCTION.................................................................................................27 

      Max Height & Radius Limits .........................................................................................27 
    6.7 FLIGHT LIMITS OF SPECIAL AREAS ......................................................................................28 
    6.8 CONDITIONS OF FLIGHT LIMITS .........................................................................................30 

      Disclaimer.....................................................................................................................30 

 

 7 ASSISTANT INSTALLATION AND CONFIGURATION ......................................................31 

 

    7.1 INSTALLING DRIVER AND PHANTOM 2 ASSISTANT...............................................................31 
    7.2 USING THE PHANTOM 2 ASSISTANT ON A PC ....................................................................32 
    7.3 FIRMWARE UPGRADE OF PHANTOM 2 .............................................................................33 
    7.4 PHANTOM RC ASSISTANT DESCRIPTION ...........................................................................33 

 

 8 APPENDIX ..................................................................................................................35 

 

    8.1 SPECIFICATIONS..............................................................................................................35 
    8.2 LED FLIGHT INDICATORS DESCRIPTION ...............................................................................35 

  ©2013-2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.3 |

 
   In the Box                              Remote Controller-2.4GHz        Propeller Pair

                       PHANTOM 2                                         

    

                                           Charger                         Plug Set
                                                                           Cables
                    Intelligent Battery                                 
                                                                        
    
                                                     Assistant Wrench   
    
                                                                        
                        Screwdriver         
                                                                        
    

                    Micro-USB Cable                                                  Accessories Box
                                                                       Tip Reference
                                            

                                                            Screws
 
                                                   Caution
            

   Legend   

           Forbidden(Important)

  ©2013-2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.4 |

 
 1 PHANTOM 2 Aircraft                                                           

  [1]                                                                           
                                                                                
  [2]                                                                           
  [3]                                                                           
  [4]      
  [5]                                                                           [9] 
  [6]                                                                          [10] 
  [7] 
  [8]                                                                           

                                                                                

                                                                               [11] 

   Figure 1-1                                                                              Figure 1-2

 

   [1]Propeller [2]Motor [3]Front Side [4]Front LEDs [5]Micro-USB Port [6]Landing Gear [7]Receiver

 

   Antenna [8]CAN-Bus Connector [9]LED Flight Indicators [10]DJI Intelligent Battery [11]Compass

 

   1.1 Built-in Flight Control System Instructions

   The built-in flight control system is used to control the entire aircraft's functions in flight such as Pitch (forwards

   and backwards), Roll (left and right), Elevator (up and down) and Yaw (turn left or right). The flight controller

   contains the MC (Main Controller), IMU, GPS, compass, receiver.

   The IMU (Inertial Measurement Unit) has a built-in inertial sensor and a barometric altimeter that measures both

   attitude and altitude. The compass reads geomagnetic information which assists the GPS (Global Position System)

   to accurately calculate the aircrafts position and height in order to lock the aircraft in a stable hover. The receiver is

   used to communicate with the remote controller and the MC acts as the brains of the complete flight control

   system connecting and controlling all the modules together.

   The PHANTOM 2 can be configured in the Assistant, by choosing Naza-M mode or Phantom 2 mode.

               This manual is for Phantom 2 mode. Please refer to the Naza-M V2 Quick Start Manual for more

                 information.

 
 1.2 Connections with Other DJI Products

  PHANTOM 2 is compatible with other DJI products, including ZENMUSE H3-2D and H3-3D gimbaliOSD mini

 

  iOSD Mark II. Below are connections for these products and wireless video transmission module.
 

                                               Video Cable                                  
                                               To the iOSD module or wireless              8-Pin Cable
                                               video transmission module.                  To the G8 port on
                                                                                           the H3-2D/H3-3D
                                                                                           gimbal.

 

                                               CAN-Bus Connector

 

                                                                                           5-Pin Cable
                                                                                           To the compass.
 
                                                                                                     Compass
 

                                              Gimbal Mounting Position

                                              Mount the H3-2D/H3-3D

                                              gimbal using 4 screws.
 

 

                                                                               Figure 1-3

  ©2013-2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.5 |

 
  Important Notes of Using with Other DJI Products

 

    1 The video cable can provide power for the wireless video transmission module with a battery voltage

 

            (11.1V~12.6V) and a maximum current 2A.

2 Make sure the working current of the wireless video transmission module you connect can work with an

operational voltage between 11.1V~12.6V and the total working current of the iOSD and wireless video
transmission module is under 2A, as an overcurrent will damage the central board's components. If the

total current exceeds 2A, please be sure to provide power supplied from a separate power source for the

wireless video transmission module.

    3 PHANTOM 2 uses a 2.4GHz RC system. To avoid communication interference, it's not recommended to

 

            use other 2.4GHz devices (including 2.4G Wi-Fi or 2.4G wireless video transmission module) except the
 

            2.4G Bluetooth and 2.4G Datalink.

4 Be sure to keep the wireless video transmission module and other communicating devices away from the

compass during installation and connection to avoid interference.

5 To improve the compatibility with ZENMUSE gimbals, the latest factory deliveries of PHANTOM 2 has

updated to the Version 2 shown below. H3-2D/H3-3D gimbal can be directly installed for the Version 2

            while for Version 1, a H3-3D adapter kit (coming soon) is required to install the H3-3D gimbal.

 
 
 
 

 

                    Version 1                                           Version 2
                                                                   Gimbal Mounting
               Gimbal Mounting
                                                                         Position
                     Position

 
 
 
 
 

                                           Figure 1-4

     6 When using the H3-3D gimbal, please connect the 8-Pin cable of PHANTOM 2 to the G8 port of H3-3D

 

            shown below.

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

                                                                                 Figure 1-5

  ©2013-2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.6 |

 
   Connections with Other DJI Products

   1 Connecting the H3-2D and H3-3D gimbal and wireless video transmission module, the figure below uses

 

   H3-2D as an example.

                                                               

                                                              Description of the Video Cable
                                                              (sequence by color)
        Wireless                                       Batt-
                                                                      VIDEO
          video                                        Batt+           VIDEO GND
                                                                       VBat+
   transmission                                                        GND
          module VIDEO GND

   Transmitter VIDEO

 

 
 

                                                                                                                                    ZENMUSE

                                                                                                                                       H3-2D

 
 
 
 
 
 

 

                                                                                                                                       Compass

 

 
 
 
 
 

                                                              Figure 1-6

   2 Connecting the H3-2D and H3-3D gimbal, iOSD mini and wireless video transmission module, the figure

          below uses H3-2D as an example.
 

   Batt-                                                                                       Description of the Video Cable
                                                                                               (sequence by color)
   Batt+  Wireless
                                                                                                        VIDEO
   VIDEO GND video                                                                                      VIDEO GND
   VIDEO transmission                                                                                   VBat+
                   module                                                                               GND

          Transmitter                                                                                                                   ZENMUSE
                                                                                                                                           H3-2D
 
                                                                                                                               
   DJI
                                                                                                        
 
                                                                                                                                         Compass
 
                                                              Figure 1-7

                                             CAN-Bus
                                            Connector

 
 
 
 

 

  ©2013-2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.7 |

 
   3 Connecting the H3-2D and H3-3D gimbal, iOSD mini and DJI specified wireless video transmission module

 

          AVL58, the figure below uses H3-2D as an example.

 

 

                                                                          Description of the Video Cable
                                                                          (sequence by color)
                                               DJI specified
                                                   wireless                     VIDEO
                                                    video                         VIDEO GND
                                                                                  VBat+
                                                transmission                      GND
                                                   module

                                                AVL58

                                                Transmitter

 

                                                                          ZENMUSE
                                                                            H3-2D
 
                                                                            
 
                                                                           Compass
 
   DJI
                                       CAN-Bus

                                     connector

 
 
 
 
 
 

                                                              Figure 1-8

   We recommend connecting the VBat+ port of the video cable to the two BATT+ ports of the AVL58

               simultaneously. The same is true of the GND port of the video cable and two BATT- ports.

 

 

  4 Connecting the H3-2D and H3-3D gimbal, iOSD Mark II and wireless video transmission module, the figure

 

          below uses H3-2D as an example.

  ©2013-2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.8 |

 
                                                                                  Description of the Video Cable
                                                                                  (sequence by color)
 
                                                                                          VIDEO
                            Wireless video transmission                                   VIDEO GND
                            module Transmitter specified by                               VBat+
                            DJI(AVL58)                                                    GND

                                                 OR                                                                     ZENMUSE
                            Other wireless video transmission                                                             H3-2D
                            module Transmitter
 

 

 
 
 
 

                                                  CAN-Bus                                               Compass
                                                 Connector
   DJI
 

 
 
 
 
 

                                                                                 Figure 1-9

 

  The diagram below illustrates the conneciton between the iOSD Mark II and the wireless video transmission module.

 

                                                               BATT-   Batt-

                                                               BATT-   Batt-

                                                               BATT+   Batt+      Other wireless video
                                                                       Batt+      transmission module
                                                                BATT+
        iOSD Mark II                                                                   Transmitter
                                                               UART

                                                               UART     

                                                               AV-GND  VIDEO GND

                                                               AV-OUT  VIDEO

 

                                                               BATT-               

   BATT-                                                                             Wireless video
  iOSD Mark II                                                                        transmission
                                                               BATT+
                                                               BATT+                     module

                                                               UART               AVL58 Transmitter

                                                               UART                  specified by DJI

                                                               AV-GND

                                                               AV-OUT

 

               Use the 8-Pin cable in the iOSD Mark II package when connecting to the DJI specified wireless video
 

               transmission module AVL58.

 

 

   5 Using the iPad Ground Station

  ©2013-2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.9 |

 
 
 
 
 
 

 

                                                                                                    Air End

                                                                                                 Ground End

 

 
 
 
 
 

                                                     3S-6S
                                                    Battery

                                                     +-
 

 

                                                                                                        iPad Ground
                                                                                                            Station

 

 

                                                                                Figure 1-10

 
               Connect the Air End of 2.4G Bluetooth Datalink to a spared CAN-Bus port of iOSD if an iOSD is used.

 

  6 Using the PC Ground Station

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

                                                                                              Air End

                                                                                           Ground End

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

                                                                                                               PC Ground
                                                                                                                  Station

 

 

                                                                                 Figure 1-11

  ©2013-2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.10 |

 
 1.3 LED Flight Indicators Description

  1. LED flight indicators are used to show the aircraft's current status. Once powered on, the indicators will light

 

      up.

 

 
 

                                                LED flight

                                                indicators

 
 
 
 

 

Aircraft in Normal status                   Descriptions

  Power On Self-Test

  Warming Up & Aircraft cannot take off during warming up

  Ready to Fly

  Ready to Fly (non-GPS)

Aircraft in abnormal status                 Warnings and errors

  Remote Controller Signal Lost

  1st Level Low Battery Capacity Warning

  2nd Level Low Battery Capacity Warning

  Not Stationary or Sensor Bias is too big

  Errors & Aircraft cannot fly.

   Compass data abnormal because of ferro-magnetic interference or
                                                                     
                                                             the compass needs calibration.

 

               1 The LED indicators diagram above are for Phantom 2 mode. In Naza-M mode, LED indicators

 

                        will work according to the Naza-M flight control system.

2 Connect to the PHANTOM 2 Assistant for detailed information about warnings and errors.

2. The front LEDs are for indicating where the nose of the aircraft is. They light up solid red only after the motors

      have spooled up.

 
 

                        The front
                           LEDs

  ©2013-2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.11 |

 
1.4 Notes for PHANTOM 2 using with other DJI products

  Before using PHANTOM 2 with other DJI products, users should connecting the products correctly and upgrade

 

  the firmware as requirements below .

 

Items to upgrade       Firmware versions required  Assistant for upgrading     Assistant version
P330CB (built-in                                         PHANTOM 2              V1.08 or above
                   
 central board)
                             V1.0.1.19 or above

Zenmuse H3-2D     CMU V1.0IMU V1.6 or above                         PHANTOM 2  V1.08 or above

iOSD Mark II      V3.01 or above                                    iOSD       V4.0 or above

iOSD mini         V1.06 or above                                    iOSD       V4.0 or above

*The iOSD Assistant is applied to both iOSD Mark II and iOSD mini.

  ©2013-2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.12 |

 
2 Propellers

  PHANTOM 2 uses the original 9-inch propellers which are classified by the color of each central nut. Damaged

 

  propellers should be replaced by purchasing new ones if necessary.

 

Propellers                                   Grey Nut (9450)                                Black Nut (9450 R)

                                           

  Diagram

                                           

                                             Attach to the motor thread that does Attach to the motor thread that has a

  Assembly Location                         

                                             not have a black dot.              black dot.

  Fastening/Un-fastening                     Lock: Tighten the propeller in this direction.
                                             Unlock: Remove the propeller in this direction.
  

  Instructions

2.1 Assembly

  1. Figure 2-1Remove the four warning cards from the motors after you've read them.

    2. Figure 2-2Prepare the two grey nut propellers and two black nut propellers. Make sure to match the

 

        black nut propellers with the correctly marked black dot motors. Tighten the propellers according to the
 

        fastening instructions.

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

                              Figure 2-1                            Figure 2-2                Figure2-3

 

 2.2 Disassembly

    Figure 2-3Keep the motor deadlocked in place with the assistant wrench (or one hand) and remove the

 

    propeller according to the un-fastening instructions.

 

 2.3 Notes

 

    1. Propellers are self tightening during flight. DO NOT use any thread locker on the threads.

 

    2. Make sure to match the propeller nut colors with the corresponding motors.

 

    3. It is advised to wear protective gloves during propeller assembly and removal.

 

    4. Check that the propellers and motors are installed correctly and firmly before every flight.

 

    5. Check that all propellers are in good condition before flight. DO NOT use any ageing, chipped, or broken

propellers.

    6. To avoid injury, STAND CLEAR of and DO NOT touch the propellers or motors when they are spinning.

 

    7. ONLY use original DJI propellers for a better and safer flight experience.

  ©2013-2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.13 |

 
   3 Remote Controller

   The PHANTOM 2 remote controller can be configured in the PHANTOM RC Assistant. The sticks mode is Mode 2

   on delivery.

 

 

             For upgraded remote controller (models: NDJ6 or NRC900), select "Upgrade Version" in Phantom Assistant.

 

             For basic remote controller (models: DJ6 or RC900), select "Basic Version" in Phantom Assistant.

 
 
 

 

               [1] 

 

              [2]                 [4]  J2 
              [3] 
        J3      [5] 

   J4    [7]                      [6]       J1                                        
         [8]                      [11]                                                
         [9]                                         [12] 
        [10]                                                                          
                                                  
                                                                                     [14] 

                                                  

                                                 [13] 

                      Figure 3-1                            Figure 3-2

 

   [1]Antenna [2]Carrying Handle [3]Left Dial [4]3-Position Switch S1 [5]3-Position Switch S2 [6]Joystick1(J1;J2)

   [7]Joystick2(J3;J4) [8]Neck Strap Attachment [9]Power Switch [10]Power Indicator

  [11]Battery Level Indicators LED1/LED2/LED3/LED4 (from left to right) [12]Trainer Port

 

  [13]Battery Charge & RC Assistant Port (micro-USB port) [14] Potentiometer
 

 3.1 Power on the Remote Controller

    1. Set the S1 and S2 switches to the upper most position and ensure both joysticks are at
 

        the mid-point position. Then toggle on the power switch.
 

    2. Push the power switch to the right to power on the remote controller. If the power LED
 

        indicator is solid on, the remote controller is functioning normally. The battery level
 

        indicators display the current battery level.

 

 
 

               1. Please make sure the battery level of remote controller is enough. If the low voltage warning alert

        sounds (refer to <Remote Controller Power LED Indicator Status>), please recharge the battery as soon

        as possible.

        2. Charge the remote controller's battery by using the included micro-USB cable. Using the incorrect

               type of charging cable may cause damage.

 

               3. Turn off the remote controller before charging. The power LED indicator will display solid red when

        charging is in progress. The LED indicators will display solid green when the battery is fully charged.

  ©2013-2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.14 |

 
   3.2 Remote Controller LED Indicator Status

  3.2.1 Remote Controller Power LED Indicator Status

 

      Power LED Indicator Sound                 Remote Controller Status

                                None            Functioning normally.

                                None            Charging( remote controller is powered off)

                                None            Remote controller joysticks calibration error, need to be re-calibrate.

     BB---BB---BB Low voltage (from 3.5V-3.53V), recharge the remote controller.

       Critical low voltage (from 3.45V-3.5V). Recharge the remote
                                B-B-B......
                                              

                                                controller immediately.

       Alert will sound after 15 minutes of inactivity. It will stop once you

                                    B--B--B......
                                                           start using the remote controller.

 

      The remote controller will power off automatically when battery voltage drops below 3.45V. Land and

                recharge the battery as soon as possible when the low voltage alert occurs to avoid loss of control

                during flight.

 
 

  3.2.2 Remote Controller Battery Level Indicator Status

   The battery level indicators will show the current battery level during both the discharging process. The following is

  a description of the indicators.

 

        : The LED is solid on                : The LED will blink regularly

 
 

        : The LED is light off

 

      Discharging process

        LED1 LED2 LED3 LED4                           Current battery level
                                                            75%~100%
                                                             50%~75%
                                                             25%~50%
                                                            12.5%~25%
                                                             0%~12.5%
                                                                <0%
            

  ©2013-2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.15 |

 
   3.3 Antenna Orientation

   The remote controller's antenna should point skywards without obstructions for maximum communication range

   during flight.

                                              Figure 3-3

 
 3.4 Remote Controller Operation

   The operations of remote controller are based on mode 2 stick configuration.

   Definitions

 

    The `stick neutral' positions and `stick released' mean the control sticks of the remote controller are placed at

   the central position.

   To `move the stick' means that the stick of remote controller is pushed away from the central position.

 

   Slide Lever is used for the pitch control of the H3-2D and H3-3D gimbal.

 

    Remote                                     
   Controller
                                    Aircraft                                 Operation details
                           nose direction

   (Mode 2)

                                                 The throttle stick controls aircraft altitude/elevation.
                                                 Push the stick up and the aircraft will rise.
                                                 Pull the stick down and the aircraft will descend.

                     
                     
                 The aircraft will automatically hover and hold its
                 altitude if the sticks are centered.
                
                                                 Push the throttle stick above the centered (mid-point)

                 position to make the aircraft take off. When flying, we
                 suggest that you push the throttle stick slowly to
     
                                                 prevent the aircraft from sudden and unexpected
                                                 elevation changes.

  ©2013-2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.16 |

 
                                            The yaw stick controls the aircraft rudder.

                                            Push the stick left and the aircraft will rotate counter

                                            clock-wise.

                                            Push the stick right and the aircraft will rotate

                                            clock-wise. If the stick is centered, the aircraft will

                                            remain facing the same direction.

                                            The yaw stick controls the rotating angular velocity of

                                            the aircraft. Pushing the stick further away from center

                                            results in a faster aircraft rotation velocity.

                                            The pitch stick controls the aircraft's front & back tilt.

                                            Push the stick up and the aircraft will tilt and fly

                                            forward.

                                            Pull the stick down and the aircraft will tilt and fly

                                            backward. The aircraft will keep level and straight if the

                                            stick is centered.

                                            Pushing or pulling the stick further away from center
                                            will result in a larger tilt angle (maximum of is 35°) and

                                            faster flight velocity.
                                            The roll stick controls the aircraft's left & right tilt.

                                            Push the stick left and the aircraft will tilt and fly left.

                                            Push the stick right and the aircraft will tilt and fly right.

                                            The aircraft will keep level and straight if the stick is

                                            centered.

                                            Pushing the stick further away from center will result in
                                            a larger tilt angle (maximum of 35°) and faster flight

                                            velocity.

 
 
                                            S1 is for compass calibration. Toggle the S1 switch from
 
                                            position-1 to position-3 and back to position-1 at least 5

                                                                           times, which will force the aircraft to enter into

  compass calibration mode.

                           Position-1 Position-2 Position-3 Users can configure position 3(bottom position) of the

                                                                           S1 switch to trigger the Failsafe in the Assistant.

 

 
 
 

                                            S2 is the IOC mode switch. IOC (Intelligent

 
  Orientation Control) function can be enabled in the
  Assistant when in Naza-M mode. Only use the IOC

   OFF Course Lock Home                     function after you are familiar with flying.

   point Lock

  ©2013-2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.17 |

 
                                                                            The left dial controls the pitch of the H3-2D and H3-3D

                                                                            gimbal. The position of left dial determines the pitch

                                                                            angle relative to the horizontal level.

                                                                            Turn the left dial to the right to make the gimbal pitch

                                                                            up.

                                                                            Turn the left dial to the left to make the gimbal pitch

                                                                            down.

                                                                            The gimbal will keep its current position if the dial is

                                                                            static.

 
 

                1 For `Ready to Fly' the aircraft will hover when all sticks are released.

                2 For `Ready to Fly (non-GPS)' the aircraft will only keep the altitude when all sticks are released.
 

  3.5 Linking the Remote Controller & Built-in Receiver

  PHANTOM 2 has a built-in receiver, the link button and indicator located on the bottom of the aircraft as illustrated

   in the Figure 3-4.

   The link between the remote controller and aircraft is already established for you so you can initially skip this

   procedure. If you ever replace the remote controller, re-establishing the link is required.

 

 
 
 
 
 
 

                                                                                                                                Link button &

                                                                                                                                 Link indicator

 
 
 

 

                                                                     Figure 3-4

 

  Linking procedures

 

    1. Power on the PHANTOM 2.

 

    2. Turn on the remote controller and place it 0.5m~1m away from the aircraft.

 

    3. Push the link button with a thin object and hold it until the Link indicator blinks red, then release it.

 

    4. When the Link indicator turns solid green, the link between the remote controller and the built-in receiver

   has been successfully established.

 

   Link Indicator      Status

     The remote controller is turned off and there is no 2.4GHz signal around, please turn

                                    on the remote controller.

     The receiver is ready for linking.

     There is 2.4GHz signal around but the remote controller is not linked with the receiver,

  ©2013-2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.18 |

 
 

   please carry out the linking procedures.
   The remote controller is linked with the receiver successfully.

 4 Intelligent Battery

  The intelligent battery is specially designed for the PHANTOM 2, with a battery capacity of 5200mAh, voltage of

 

  11.1V and charge-discharge management functionality. The battery should only be charged with the DJI charger.

 

                                                 Charger

                            Intelligent Battery
 

    DJI Intelligent Battery Functions
 

1 Balance Charging                     Automatically balance the voltage of each battery cell during charging.

    2 Capacity Display                 Display the current battery level.

                                       The main controller communicates with the battery via communication ports
                                         
    3 Communicating                     for battery voltage, capacity, current and other information.
                                        
                                       Charging stops automatically when the battery voltage reaches 12.8V to

    4 Overcharging Protection          prevent overcharging damage.

                                       Discharging stops automatically when the battery voltage reaches 8.4V to

    5 Over Discharging                  

                                       prevent over discharging damage.

             Protection

    6 Short Circuit Protection         Automatically cuts off the power supply when a short circuit is detected.

                                       The battery will enter sleep mode after 10 minutes of inactivity to save
                                        
    7 Sleep Protection                 power. The static current is 10nA in sleep mode when the battery is
 
                                       powered on without connecting to other devices.
 

    8 Charging Temperature             The battery will charge only when its temperature is within 0~55. If the

                                        

             Detection                 battery temperature is out of this range, the battery will stop charging.

 

                 1 Before use, please read and follow the user manual, disclaimer, and the warnings on the battery.

 

                         Users take full responsibility for all operations and usage.

                 2 The battery should only be charged with the charger provided by DJI. DJI does not take any

 

                         responsibility for operation of any charger from a third party.

 
  4.1 Charging Procedures

    1. Connect the charger to a wall socket (Use the plug set if necessary).
 

    2. Connect the battery to the charger. If the current capacity of the battery is over 75%, you should power on
 

         the battery to begin charging.
 

    3. The Battery Level indicators display current capacity level as the battery charges. Please refer to battery

  ©2013-2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.19 |

 
        level indicator description for details.
 

    4. The battery is fully charged when the Battery Level indicator lights are off. Please disconnect the charger
 

        and battery when the charging is completed.
 

 
 
 

                                                                                                  Wall Socket

 

 
 
 

 4.2 Install the Battery

Push the battery into the battery compartment correctly as the following diagram shows. Make sure to push the

battery into the compartment until you hear a `click' sound.

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

                                                                                 Figure 4-1

An incorrectly inserted battery may cause one of the following to occur: (1) Bad contact. (2) Unavailable

                battery information. (3) Unsafe for flight. (4) Unable to take off.
 

 4.3 Battery Usage
 

 
 

                                     LED2                                                    LED3
                                                                                             LED4
                                                                                             Battery Power Button
                                                                                             (Built-in Battery Power Indicator)
                                     LED1
  

             Battery Level Indicator

                                                     

 

                                                                                 Figure 4-2

 

  (1) Checking the battery level: When the battery is powered off; pressing the battery power button once will

indicate the current battery level. Refer to < Battery Level Indicator Description> for details.

  (2) Powering on: When the battery is powered off; press the battery power button once and then press and hold for

 

      2 seconds to turn on the intelligent battery.

 

  (3) Powering off: When the battery is powered on; press the battery power button once and then press and hold for

 

      2 seconds to turn off the intelligent battery.

  ©2013-2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.20 |

 
(4) Checking the battery life: When the battery is powered off; press and hold the battery power button for 5

seconds to check the battery life. The battery level indicators will show the life and the battery power indicator

will blink for 10 seconds, then all LEDs will light out and the intelligent battery will turn off. Refer to < Battery

Level Indicator Description> for details.

               More battery information is available in the battery tab of the PHANTOM 2 Assistant.

 

 4.4 Description of the Battery Level Indicator

  The battery level indicators will show the current battery level during both the charging and discharging process as

 

  well as battery life. The following is a description of the indicators.

 

 

        : The LED is solid on               : The LED will blink regularly

 
 

        : The LED is light off
 

Charging process

LED1 LED2 LED3 LED4                                Current battery level

                                                                            0%~25%

                                                                            25%~50%

                                                                            50%~75%

                                                                            75%~100%

                                                                            Full charged

 

                              Discharging process

LED1 LED2 LED3 LED4                                Current battery level

                                                                            87.5%~100%

                                                                            75%~87.5%

                                                                            62.5%~75%

                                                                            50%~62.5%

                                                                            37.5%~50%

                                                                            25%~37.5%

                                                                            12.5%~25%

                                                                            0%~12.5%

                                                                            <0%

 

                              Battery life

  LED1 LED2 LED3 LED4                              Current battery life
                                                        90%~100%
      

  ©2013-2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.21 |

 
 

                                               80%~90%

                                               70%~80%

                                               60%~70%

                                               50%~60%

                                               40%~50%

                                               30%~40%

                                               20%~30%

                                               Less than 20%

 

 

 4.5 Correct Battery Usage Notes

   1. Never plug or unplug the battery into the aircraft when it is powered on.

   2. The battery should be charged in an environment that is between 0 to 40, and be discharged in an

        environment that is between -20 to 50. Both charging and discharging should be in an environment

 

        where the relative humidity is lower than 80%.
 

    3. It's recommended to charge and discharge the battery thoroughly once every 20 charge/discharge cycles.
 

        Users should discharge the battery until there is less than 8% power left or until the battery can no longer
 

        be turned on. Users should then fully recharge the battery to maximum capacity. This power cycling
 

        procedure will ensure the battery is working at its optimal level.
 

    4. For long term storage please place the battery with only a 40~50% capacity in a strong battery box
 

        securely. We recommend discharging and charging the battery completely once every 3 months to keep it

        in good condition. The capacity should be varied in such a cycle (40%~50%)--0%--100%--(40%~50%).

 

    5. It's suggested you purchase a new battery after you have discharged your current battery over 300 times.
 

        Please completely discharge a battery prior to disposal.
 

    6. It's suggested that you purchase a new battery if the current battery is swollen or damaged in any way.
 

    7. Never try to recharge or fly with a battery that is swollen or damaged in any way.
 

    8. Never charge the battery unattended. Always charge the battery on a non-flammable surface such as
 

        concrete and never near any flammable materials.
 

    9. Safety is extremely important and users can get more information in the DISCLAIMER.

  ©2013-2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.22 |

 
 5 Calibrating the Compass

  IMPORTANT: Make sure to perform the Compass Calibration procedures prior to the first flight.

 

  The compass is very sensitive to electromagnetic interference which causes abnormal compass data and leads to

   poor flight performance or even flight failure. Regular calibration of the compass enables the compass to perform at
   its optimal level.

   5.1 Calibration Warnings

                1 DO NOT calibrate your compass where there is a possibility for the existence of strong

           magnetic interference such as magnetite, parking structures, and steel reinforcement
           underground.

               2 DO NOT carry ferromagnetic materials with you during calibration such as keys or cellular
 

                        phones.

 

               3 Compass Calibration is very important; otherwise the flight control system will work abnormally.

 

 5.2 Calibration Procedures

   Please carry out the calibrating procedures in the flight field before flight. Please watch the quick start video of the

 

   PHANTOM 2 for more compass calibration details.

  

           Quickly flip the switch S1          360o Rotate the aircraft                     360oRotate the aircraft
                                                     horizontally                         vertically (Nose downward)

 

 

                Position-1                                                                     
                                                                                               
               Position-3                                                                      
    Start
                                                                                               
     cali
           Position-1->Position-3->Position-1
               Flip no less than 5 times

                                                                                                      LED Flight

                   LED Flight Indicator             LED Flight Indicator                               Indicator

                                                                                           

                                                                                           

                                                                                          Normal LED

                Start horizontal calibration   Start vertical calibration                   Succeed               Fail
                                                Position-1
                                                                                    

                                                                                           Re-calibrate

                                               Position-3

                                               Position-1->Position-3->Position-1
                                                              Flip once

 
 5.3 When Recalibration is required

   1 When Compass Data is abnormal, the LED flight indicator will blink alternating between red and yellow.

   2 Last compass calibration was performed at a completely different flying field/location.

   3 The mechanical structure of the aircraft has changed, i.e. changed mounting position of the compass.

   4 Evident drifting occurs in flight, i.e. the aircraft doesn't fly in straight lines.

  ©2013-2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.23 |

 
6 Flight

6.1 Flying Environment Requirements

          1 Before your first flight, please allow yourself some flight training (Using a flight simulator to

        practice flying, getting instruction from an experienced person, etc.).
2 DO NOT fly in bad weather, such as rain or wind (more than moderate breeze) or fog.
3 The flying field should be open and void of tall buildings or other obstacles; the steel structure

within buildings may interfere with the compass.

4 Keep the aircraft away from obstacles, crowds, power lines, trees, lakes and rivers etc.
5 Try to avoid interference between the remote controller and other wireless equipment (No base

        stations or cell towers around).
6 The flight control system will not work properly at the South Pole or North Pole.
7 Never use the aircraft in a manner that infringes upon or contravenes international or domestic

                     lays and regulations.

 
 6.2 Starting the Motors

  A Combination Stick Command (CSC) is used to start the motors. Push the sticks according to one of the options

below to start motors. Once the motors have started, release both sticks simultaneously. The same CSC is used to

  stop the motors.  A                       B              C  D

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

                                               Figure 6-1

 
 6.3 Takeoff/Landing Procedures

    1. Start by placing the PHANTOM 2 on the ground with the battery level indicators facing you.
 

    2. Turn on the remote controller.
 

    3. Power on the aircraft by turning on the intelligent battery.
 

    4. When LED flight indicator blinks green/yellow, the PHANTOM 2 is entering Ready to Fly/Ready to Fly
 

        (non-GPS) mode. Start the motors with the CSC command.
 

    5. Push the throttle stick up slowly to lift the aircraft off the ground. Refer to <Remote Controller Operation>
 

        for more details.
 

    6. Be sure you are hovering over a level surface. Pull down the throttle stick to descend. The stick will lock into

  ©2013-2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.24 |

 
        place and the aircraft will descend steadily.
 

    7. After landing, leave the throttle stick down for 3 to 5 seconds to stop the motors. Return throttle stick to
 

        middle position after the motors have stopped.

 

            You SHOULD NOT execute the CSC during normal flight! This will stop the motors and cause the

 

            aircraft to descend rapidly and drop without any type of control.

            1 When the LED flight indicator blinks yellow rapidly during flight, the aircraft has entered into

                     Failsafe mode, refer to <Failsafe Function> for details.

            2 A low battery capacity warning is indicated by the LED flight indicator blinking red slowly or

                     rapidly during flight. Refer to the <Low Battery Capacity Warning Function> for details.

            3 Watch the quick start video about flight for more flight information.

             4 Aircraft and battery performance is subject to environmental factors such as air density and

                     temperature. Be very careful when flying 3000 meters (9800 feet) or more above sea level, as

                     battery and aircraft performance may be reduced.

            5 When used with a H3-3D gimbal, a GoPro camera, and the iOSD mini, your Phantom 2 will be very

                     close to its maximum takeoff weight. It is not recommended that you attach the Phantom 2

                     propeller guards at this weight. Otherwise, the aircraft will be unable to fly normally.

 

 6.4 Failsafe Function

  The aircraft will enter Failsafe mode when the connection from the remote controller is lost. The flight control

  system will automatically control the aircraft to return to home and land to reduce injuries or damage. The following

  situations would make the aircraft fail to receive a signal from the remote controller and enter Failsafe mode:

  1 The remote controller is powered off.
  2 The remote controller is powered on but the S1 is toggled in the position triggering the Failsafe (this must

          have been configured in the PHANTOM 2 Assistant).

  3 The aircraft has flown out of the effective communication range of the remote controller.
  4 There is an obstacle obstructing the signal between the remote controller and the aircraft, essentially

          reducing the distance the signal can travel.

  5 There is interference causing a signal problem with the remote controller.

 
 

  Failsafe works differently depending on the mode the aircraft is in when Failsafe mode is initiated whether it is in

  the Ready to Fly or Ready to Fly (non-GPS) mode.

  Ready to Fly (non-GPS) ---- Automatic landing
 

    The flight control system will try to keep the aircraft level during descent and landing. Note that the aircraft may
 

    be drifting during the descent and landing process.

 
 

  Ready to Fly ---- Automatic go home and land
 

    The flight control system will automatically control the aircraft to fly back to the home point and land.

  ©2013-2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.25 |

 
  Home Point
 

    When the aircraft is initializing the Ready to Fly status, the aircraft will record the current GPS coordinates as
 

    the home point. It is recommended to lift off only after Ready to Fly status is confirmed for the safety of being
 

    able to fly back to home point successfully in case the Failsafe mode is initiated.

 

  Go Home Procedures

 

      1 Record Home Point.                        2 Flying.                                         3 Remote controller signal lost.

    

                                                  

                                                    

   LED Flight Indicator                         LED Flight Indicator                                                            LED Flight Indicator

   4 Signal lost lasts 3s, begin to go home.    5 Fly back to home point.                                                       6 Landing after hovering 15s.

                                                                      Height over home point>20m                                 

     
                                                                                                                Elevate to 20m

        20m
                                                                        

     Height over home point<=20m

     LED Flight Indicator                       LED Flight Indicator                                                            LED Flight Indicator
 
                                                                   Figure 6-2
 

            1 In a Failsafe situation, if less than 6 GPS satellites are found for more than 20 seconds, the aircraft

 

                     will descend automatically.

            2 When the aircraft is landing automatically, users can control the aircraft's position and altitude if

 

                     the remote controller signal is recovered.

      In Phantom 2 mode, users can set a new home point manually when the aircraft is in "Ready to fly" status

      as long as a home point has been recorded automatically. Quickly flipping the S2 switch of the remote

      controller from upper most to lower most positions 5 times or more will reset the current aircraft position

      as a new home point of PHANTOM 2. When successfully reset, you will see a series of rapid green blinks

      on the LED Flight Indicator. The definition of "home point" is:
      1 The home point is the place PHANTOM 2 returns to when the control signal is lost, which is

                           recorded last time.

      2 The home point is used to calculate the horizontal distance between you and the aircraft, the

                           distance will be displayed as  D  if using iOSD module.

 

   Regaining Control during Failsafe Procedure

 

    

      Position of                                                                                           Position-3
      Switch S1                                                                Position-2
                                                Position-1
                                                                                                 (No triggering the Failsafe)

     When the S1 switch is switched to Position-1,

      How to regain toggle the S1 switch to any other position once to Regain control as soon as signal is

      control              regain control. If remote controller's signal is    recovered.

                           recovered, control is returned back to the pilot.

  ©2013-2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.26 |

 
 6.5 Low Battery Capacity Warning Function

  The low battery capacity warning alerts users when the battery is close to depletion during flight. When it appears,
  users should promptly fly back and land to avoid accidental damage. The PHANTOM 2 has two levels of low battery
  capacity warning. The first appears when the battery has less than 30% power and the second appears when it has
  less than 15% power.

  1 When battery power drops below 30% and LED indicator will blink red slowly.
  2 At lower than 15% the LED indicator will blink red rapidly, the PHANTOM 2 will also begin to descend and

      land automatically. After it has landed, keep the throttle stick at its lowest point or execute CSC.
  3 There is a hidden third low battery threshold in addition to the 1st and 2nd level warnings. This uses 10.65V

 

      as its threshold. Both this voltage threshold and the 2nd Level Low Battery Warning will trigger auto-landing.
      Altitude can be maintained if necessary by pushing up on the throttle stick.

               1 Remember to fly your PHANTOM 2 back as soon as you see a low battery capacity warning.

                2 Keeping the battery contact needles and pads clean is very important. Any dirt and dust may
                        cause a communication failure.

 

 

 6.6 Flight Limits Function

  All UAV (unmanned aerial vehicle) operators should abide by all regulations from such organizations at ICAO
  (International Civil Aviation Organization) and per country airspace regulations. For safety reasons, the flight limits
  function is enabled by default to help users use this product safely and legally. The flight limits function includes
  height, distance limits.
  In Ready to Fly status, height, distance limits works together to restrict the flight. In Ready to Fly (non-GPS) status,
  only height limit works and the flying height restricted to be not over 120m.

               (1)  The default parameters in the Assistant is compliant within the definitions of class G ruled by

 

                        ICAO. (Refer to Airspace Classification to get more details). As each country has its own rules,

                    make sure to configure the parameters to comply with these rules too, before using the
                        PHANTOM 2.

               (2)  Users in Mainland China can refer to  .

 

  Max Height & Radius Limits

 

  The Max Height & Radius restricts the flying height and distance. Configuration can be done in the PHANTOM 2

 

  Assistant. Once complete, your aircraft will fly in a restricted cylinder.

  ©2013-2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.27 |

 
                                                                   Max                     Max
                                                                  Height                 Radius
 
                                        Figure 6-3                                  

                                                                                          Home Point

                                                                                         The height of
                                                                                        aircraft when it
                                                                                         is powered on

                                                                               Figure 6-4

  Ready to Fly

                         Limits                         Ground Station         Rear LED flight indicator

                The flight height is restricted to fly  Warning: Height limit            None.

Max Height                                               

                under the max height.                   reached.

                The flight distance is restricted to fly Warning: Distance limit Rapid red flashings

Max Radius          

                within the max radius.                  reached.               when close to the Max radius limit.

 

  

  Ready to Fly(non-GPS)

                         Flight Limits                  Ground Station                   Rear LED flight indicator

                The flight height is restricted to fly Warning: Height limit reached.                 None.

                under the minor height between the

Max Height

                Max height and 120m.

  Max Radius                                Not limited, no warnings or LED indicators.
 

                (1) If the aircraft flies out of the limits, you can still control your aircraft except to fly it further away.
               (2) If the aircraft is flying out of the max radius in Ready to Fly (non-GPS) status, it will fly back
 

                        within the limits range automatically if 6 or more GPS satellites have been found.

 

 

 6.7 Flight Limits of Special Areas

  Special areas include airports worldwide. All special areas are listed on the DJI official website. Please refer to

  http://www.dji.com/fly-safe/category-mc for details. These areas have been divided into category A and category B.

  ©2013-2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.28 |

 
          8100m                                                                                                  

                                c                Center of                                                       
                                                                                     
                                                                                                                Center of
                                                                                    2000m
   8000m b                                       Special                                         c                Special
                                                                                     
  Area                                                                                                             Area
                                                                                                    a
                                       a
                                                                                    1000m            
                                       
                                                                                                     
                                                                                     
          2400m                                                                                                            Airspace: A,C,D
                                                                                              c
                                                              Airspace: A,B,C,D                                          Boundary: a, c,

                 cb                                           Boundary: a, b, c, d                  a ac
                                                                                                          
                                      a a bc
                                                                                                          A CD
                                           
       
   120m                                    A B CD
                                            

                                           

               d                              d

       

                10.5m

 

                                  Category A                                                        Category B

 

 
 
 
 
 

    

    

      Ready to Fly

                                                 Limits                                                       Rear LED

      Airspace                                                                                           

                                      Motors will not start.                                              Flight Indicator
                                      If the Phantom flies into a special area in Ready to Fly
                                                                                                         

           A

      Orange (non-GPS) mode and Ready to Fly mode activates, it will

                                      automatically descend and land then stop its motors.

                 B If the Phantom flies into a special area in Ready to Fly

      Yellow (non-GPS) mode and Ready to Fly mode activates, it will

                                      descend to airspace C and hover 5 meters below edge d.

                                      No restrictions of flight, but the Phantom will not enter

    
     Category A, the aircraft can fly free, but it will not enter

           C

                                      Airspace B through Boundary b & d.

      Green

                                      Around Category B sites, the phantom can fly freely, but it will

                                    

                                      not enter into Airspace A through Boundary a.

        D                                                                                                       None.

     No restrictions.
         Blue

  ©2013-2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.29 |

 
Semi-automatic descent: All stick commands are available except the throttle stick command during

the descent and landing process. Motors will stop automatically after landing. Users will regain control
once the motors have stopped. There is no need to toggle the S1 switch.

(1) When flying in the airspace (A/B/C) of restricted special area, LED flight indicators will blink red

                                               quickly and continue for 3 seconds, then switch to indicate current flying

                         status and continue for 5 seconds at which point it will switch back to red blinking.

                (2) For safety reasons, please do not fly close to airports, highways, railway stations, railway lines,

 

                         city centers and other special areas. Try to ensure the aircraft is visible.
 

 6.8 Conditions of Flight Limits

  In different working modes and flight modes, flight limits will differ according to number of GPS satellites found.

  The following table demonstrates all the cases(: available; ×:unavailable).

  All flights are restricted by height, distance and special areas simultaneously.

 

   

    Phantom mode

                                                         Max Height                      Max Radius

          Flight Status          Limits of Special Area

Ready to Fly                                                             

     Ready to Fly (non-GPS)         ×                                                       ×
                                                                             Max Height  Max Radius
 

   

    Naza-M mode

                                                 Limits of Special Area

  Control Mode number of GPS found

                             6                            
                             6                           × ×
        GPS                  6                            ×
                             6                           × ×
                             6                           × ××
                             6                           × ××
        ATTI.

 

      Manual

  Disclaimer

 

  Please ensure that you are kept up to date with International and Domestic airspace rules and regulations before

using this product. By using this product, you hereby agree to this disclaimer and signify that you have read this fully.

You agree that you are responsible for your own conduct and content while using this product, and for any direct or

indirect consequences caused by not following this manual, violate or disregard any other applicable local laws,

administrative rules and social habits thereof.

  ©2013-2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.30 |

 
 7 Assistant Installation and Configuration

 7.1 Installing Driver and PHANTOM 2 Assistant

    Installing and running on Windows
 

    1. Download driver installer and Assistant installer in EXE format from the download page of PHANTOM 2

            on the DJI website.

    2.  Connect the PHANTOM 2 to a PC via a Micro-USB cable.
        Run the driver installer and follow the prompts to finish installation.
        Next, run the Assistant installer and follow the prompts to finish installation.
        Double click the PHANTOM 2 icon on your Windows desktop to launch the software.
    3.

 

    4.

 

    5.

 

               The installer in EXE format only supports Windows operating systems (Win XP, Win7, Win8 (32 or 64
 

               bit)).

 

    Installing and running on Mac OS X
 

    1.  Download the Assistant installer in DMG format from the download page of PHANTOM 2 on the DJI
        website.
        Run the installer and follow the prompts to finish installation.

 
    2.

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

3. When launching for the first time if use Launchpad to run the PHANTOM 2 Assistant, Launchpad won't

        allow access because the software has not been reviewed by Mac App Store.
        Locate the PHANTOM 2 icon in the Finder, press the Control key and then click the PHANTOM 2 icon
 
 
 
 
 
 

    4.

        (or right-click the PHANTOM 2 icon using a mouse). Choose Open from the shortcut menu, click open in

        the prompt dialog box and then software will launch.

5. After the first successful launch, directly launching of the software can be achieved by double-clicking

        the PHANTOM 2 icon in the Finder or using Launchpad.

  ©2013-2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.31 |

 
 

               Installer in DMG format supports only Mac OS X 10.6 or above.

 

               Usage of PHANTOM 2 Assistant on Mac OS X and Windows are exactly the same. The Assistant pages

 

               appear in other places of this manual are on the Windows for example.

 
 7.2 Using the PHANTOM 2 Assistant on a PC

    1. Start up the PC, power on the PHANTOM 2, then connect the PHANTOM 2 to the PC with a Micro-USB
 

   cable. DO NOT disconnect until configuration is finished.

 

    2. Run the PHANTOM 2 Assistant and wait for the PHANTOM 2 to connect to the Assistant. Observe the
 

        indicators                  on the bottom of the screen. When connected successfully, the connection indicator is
 

   and communication indicator is blinking .

 

    3. Choose [Basic] or [Advanced] configuration pages.
 

   4. View and check the current configuration in the [View] page.

 

  Function switch of Phantom 2

                                                                           and Naza-M mode
                                                                    Language swap

       View configurations                                          Account, software
                                                                    version

   RC, Gain                                                         Firmware upgrade

             Gimbal, Battery                                        IMU calibration

 

 
 
 
 
 
 

               Communication                                        *This image is for reference
                                                                    only. Please refer to the
                         indicator                                  actual user interface.
 

        Connection indicator

  ©2013-2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.32 |

 
1 Users should not enable the Naza-M function before finishing Advanced Flight Maneuvers
        procedure in the " PHANTOM Pilot Training Guide". If the Naza-M mode is enabled, users can

switch the control mode between ATTI. Mode, GPS Mode or Manual Mode, and access the

advanced settings (e.g. IOC). In addition, the LED located on the rear frame arms will display

Naza-M flight status indications instead of the PHANTOM 2's indicators. Do not enable the

Naza-M mode unless you are an experienced user or guided by a professional.

2 You can change to the Phantom 2 mode by clicking the same button used to turn on the Naza-M

mode. This operation will disable the Naza-M mode and enable Phantom 2 mode. All parameters

                        will be returned to factory settings.
 

 7.3 Firmware upgrade of PHANTOM 2

  Please refer to the PHANTOM 2 Assistant to install driver and PHANTOM RC Assistant, and then follow the

 

  procedures below to upgrade the software and firmware; otherwise the PHANTOM 2 might not work properly.
 

    1. An internet connection is required to upgrade PHANTOM 2's firmware.
 

    2. Click the [Upgrade] icon to check the current firmware version and whether the installed firmware is the
 

        latest version. If not, click the relative links to upgrade.
 

    3. Be sure to wait until the Assistant shows "finished". Click OK and power cycle the PHANTOM 2 after 5
 

        seconds. Once completed, the firmware is up to date.

 

 
 
 
 

   Firmware upgradable items

 

                                                                                                                                                              Upgrade link

 

 

      Current firmware version                                    *This image is for reference
                                                                  only. Please refer to the
                                                                  actual user interface.

 
 

 
 

               1 DO NOT power off until the upgrade is finished.

               2 If the firmware upgrade failed, the main controller will enter a waiting for firmware upgrade

                        status automatically. If this happens, repeat the above procedures.

 

               Firmware upgradable items:1Main Controller2P330CB(Main Board)3Receiver4Gimbal

 

               CMU5Gimbal IMU6Battery

 
 7.4 PHANTOM RC Assistant Description

  Please follow the procedures to finish the configuration of the remote controller.

  ©2013-2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.33 |

 
   1. Turn off the remote controller and find the Micro-USB port on the bottom of it.

 

   2. Start up the PC, power on the remote controller, and then connect the remote controller to the PC with a

 

   Micro-USB cable. DO NOT disconnect until the configuration is finished.

 

   3. Run the PHANTOM RC Assistant and wait for the remote controller to connect to the Assistant. Observe

 

   the indicators  on the bottom left of the screen. When connected successfully, the connection

 

   indicator is and communication indicator is blinking .

 

   4. Finish configuration in the [Main] page.

 

   5. Finish upgrade in the [Info] page if necessary.

 

 
 
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
 
                                                          DT7

 
 
 
 
 
 

  Main Page of the 2.4GHz Remote Controller                                               Language swap

                                                                                        

                                                                                        

                     Main page                                                          Firmware upgrade

                                                                                        Account, software
 
                                                                                        version
 
                                                                                        
 
                                                                                        
                                                                                        
                                                                                        
                                                                                        
                                                                                        
   Communication indicator                                                              

                                                                                       *This image is for

        Connection indicator                                                           reference only. Please

                                                                                       refer to the actual

                                                                                       user interface.

  ©2013-2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.34 |

 
8 Appendix                                  -10 to 50

8.1 Specifications

 Aircraft

 Operating environment temperature

Power consumption                           5.6W

Supported Battery                           DJI Intelligent battery

Weight (including the battery)              1000g

Take-off Weight                             1300g

Hovering Accuracy (Ready to Fly)            Vertical: 0.8m; Horizontal: 2.5m

Max Yaw Angular Velocity                    200°/s

Max Tilt Angle                              35°

Max Ascent / Descent Speed                  Ascent: 6m/s; Descent: 2m/s

Max Flight Speed                            15m/s (Not Recommended)

Wheelbase                                   350mm

2.4GHz Remote Controller                    2.4GHz ISM

Operating Frequency

Communication Distance (open area)          1000m

Receiver Sensitivity (1%PER)                -97dBm

Working Current/Voltage                     120 mA@3.7V

Built-in LiPo Battery Working Current/Capacity 3.7V, 2000mAh

DJI Intelligent Battery

Type                                        3S LiPo Battery
Capacity                                    5200mAh, 11.1V

Charging Environment Range                  0 to 40

    Discharging Environment Range           -20 to 50

 

 

 8.2 LED Flight Indicators Description

Aircraft in Normal status                   Descriptions

  Power On Self-Test

  Warming Up & Aircraft cannot take off during warming up

  Ready to Fly

  Ready to Fly (non-GPS)

 Aircraft in abnormal status                Warnings and errors

                                            Remote Controller Signal Lost
                                            1st Level Low Battery Capacity Warning

  ©2013-2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.35 |

 
      ···  ··    2"d Level Low Battery Capacity Warning
    
                 Not Stationary or Sensor Bias is too big
      ·····
                
 
                 Errors & Aircraft cannot fly.*
 
                 Compass data abnormal because of ferr o-magnetic interference or

                 the compass needs calibration.

   *Users can connect to the PHANTOM 2 Assistant to get detailed information about warnings and errors.

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

  I©2013-2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.36

 
   SMART FLIGHT BATTERY

  Safety Guidelines

 

   SMART FLIGHT BATTERIE

  Nutzungshinweise

 

   BATTERIES INTELLIGENTES

  Guide d'Utilisation
 

   

  

 

   

  

 
 

          

   V1.0  2014.07

                            © 2014 DJI. All Rights Reserved.

 
   English                                                  Charging the Battery
                                                              Batteries must be charged using a DJI approved
                                                              adapter. DJI takes no responsibility if the battery
   Battery Use                                                is charged using a non-DJI charger. Never leave
     Never use non-DJI batteries. Go to www.DJI.              the battery unattended during charging. Do not
     com to purchase new batteries. DJI takes no              charge the battery near flammable materials or
     responsibility for any accidents caused by non-          on flammable surfaces such as carpet or wood.
     DJI batteries.
     Never use or charge a swollen, leaky or damaged          Do not charge battery immediately after flight,
     battery. If so, contact DJI or its designated dealers    because the battery temperature may be too
     for further assistance.                                  high. Do not charge the battery until it cools
      Do NOT install the battery into the battery             down to near room temperature. Charging
     compartment on the Phantom when turned on.               battery outside of the temperature range of
     Turn off the battery before installing it or removing    0-40 may lead to leakage, overheating, or
     it from the Phantom. Never install or remove the         battery damage.
     battery from the Phantom when it is turned on.           Charge and discharge the battery completely
     The battery should be used in temperatures from          once every 20 charge/discharge cycles.
     -20 to 40. Use of the battery above 50                   Discharge the battery until there is less than
     can lead to a fire or explosion. Use of battery          8% power or until it can no longer be turned
     below -20 can lead to permanent damage.                  on, then recharge it to the maximum capacity.
     Do not use the battery in strong electrostatic           This power cycling procedure will optimize the
     or electromagnetic environments. Otherwise,              battery life.
     the battery control board may malfunction
     and a serious accident may happen during                
     flight.
     Never disassemble or pierce the battery in any         Battery Storage
     way, or the battery may catch fire or explode.           Do not leave the battery near heat sources such as
     Electrolytes in the battery are highly corrosive. If     a furnace or heater. The ideal storage temperature
     any electrolytes splash onto your skin or eyes,          is 0-21.
     immediately wash the affected area with fresh            Keep the battery dry. Never drop the battery into
     running water for at least 15 minutes then see a         water.
                                                              Do not drop, strike, impale, or manually short-
     doctor immediately.                                      circuit the battery.
     Check the condition of the battery if it falls out       Keep the battery away from metal objects such
     of the Phantom. Make sure the battery is NOT             as necklaces and hairpins.
     damaged or leaking before putting it back to the         Discharge the battery to 30%-50% of the battery
     Phantom.                                                 level if it will not be used for 7 days or more. This
      Land the Phantom immediately when the                   can greatly extend the battery life.
     low battery level warning activates in the DJI
     VISION App.                                             
     Do not drop the battery into water. If the inside
     of the battery comes into contact with water,          Battery Disposal
     chemical decomposition may occur, potentially            Dispose of the battery into specific recycling
     resulting the battery catching on fire, and may          boxes only after a complete discharge. Do
     even lead to an explosion. If the battery falls into     not place the battery into regular rubbish bins.
     water with the Phantom during flight, take it out        Strictly follow your local disposal and recycling
     immediately and put it in a safe and open area.          regulations of batteries.
     Maintain a far distance from the battery until it        If the power on/off button of the smart battery
     is completely dry. Never use the battery again,          is disabled and the battery cannot be fully
     and dispose of the battery properly as described         discharged, please contact a professional
     in Battery Disposal below.                               battery disposal/recycling agent for further
      Put out any battery fire using sand or a dry            assistance.
     powder fire extinguisher. Never use water to put
     out a battery fire.                                     
 
                                                            Deutsch
   1 EN
                                                             

                                                            Batterienutzung
                                                              Benutzen Sie ausschließlich originale DJI

                                                            DE

 
 
 
 
 

                                      APPENDIX D
                            OpenPilot Preflight Checklist

 
 

 
 

 ENVIRONMENTAL:: 
   Check for people, animals, property in the flight vicinity. 
   Notify any bystanders or nearby property owner of your intentions. 
   If flying FPV, discuss flight plan with your checkpilot. 
   If flying in controlled airspace, notify airspace authority of your intentions. 
   First Aid / Safety Kit on hand,  stocked, readily accessible, and visible to anyone in the area 

 

 HARDWARE / EQUIPMENT:: 
 == VISUALLY INSPECT THE AIRFRAME == 
   Cracks (especially in high stress areas like joints) 
   Loose or damaged screws / fasteners / bands / straps / ties 
   Loose or damaged wiring 
   Loose or damaged connections (solder, plugs, etc) 
   Inspect prop mounts & screws & apply slight counter pressure on arms to check for loosened construction 
   For FPV, inspect/clean FPV and/or Gopro camera lens and ensure that cameras are secured 
   Battery/batteries fully charged, properly seated & secured 
   Remove props and test failsafe behavior (if applicable) 
   Props are smooth and free of damage/defect (check blade, surface, & hub) 
   Tighten prop adapters (careful not to over tighten which may damage prop) 
   Ensure voltage alarm is connected 
   Ensure arming/idle timeout is properly configured (615 seconds is generally acceptable) 
   Check whether the right model is selected in the transmitter (if applicable) 
   Check your RC transmitter shows the right range and centering for all sticks 
   If desired, perform range test 

 

 PREFLIGHT:: 
 == POWER UP == 
   Batteries charged & secured 
   Position quad in a level, safe location for takeoff 
   For FPV, power up ground station, video receiver, goggles, etc 
   If using onboard video recorder (i.e., Gopro), turn on camera 
   All transmi er controls move freely in all directions 
   All transmi er trims in its neutral position 
   All transmi er switches in correct position (typically away) 
   Transmitter throttle to zero 
   Radio transmitter on 
   Connect/power on battery to airframe 
   Ensure led indicators & audible tones are all correct 
   Timer on (if applicable) 
   For FPV, check video in goggles 
   Scan for nearby people or animals 
   Stand clear  audibly, loudly announce the word "CLEAR!" 
   Arm flight controller 

 

 == PRE TAKEOFF == 
   Increase throttle slightly listening for any abnormalities 
   Short 2030 second hover at 35 feet 

    (listen for any weird vibrations or anything that sounds loose) 

 

 
                                                                                                                                 Version 1.1 

 
 
 
 
 

                                      APPENDIX E
                               Sample Maintenance Log

 
   Planet Inhouse, Inc. ­ UAS Maintenance Log

 

 

   DATE  UAS     ITEM (Motors, ESC, etc.)                     NOTES (maintenance performed, etc.)

                                                
                                                
                                                
                                                
                                                
                                                
                                                
                                                
                                                
                                                
                                                
                                                
                                                
                                                
                                                
                                                
                                                
                                                
                                                
                                                
                                                
                                                
                                                
                                                
                                                
                                                
                                                
                                                
                                                
                                                
                                                
                                                
                                                
                                                
                                                
                                                
                                                
                                                
                                                
                                                
                                                
                                                
                                                
                                                
               

               

               

               

               

               

               

               

               

               

               

               

               

               

               

               

               

               

               

               

               

               

 
 
 
 
 

                                      APPENDIX F
                                  Sample Battery Log

 
   Planet Inhouse, Inc. ­ UAS Battery Log

 

 
 
 
 

   DATE BATTERY FLIGHT TIME                   NOTES (Charge Time, etc.)

                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
        

        

        

        

        

        

        

        

        

        

        

        

        

        

        

        

        

        

        

        

        

        

 
 
 
 
 

                                      APPENDIX G
                                   Sample Flight Log

 
   Planet Inhouse, Inc. ­ UAS Flight Log

 

 

   DATE UAS BATTERY     FLIGHT AREA        FLIGHT TIME  NOTES (Client, Purpose of flight, etc.)

                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
                      

                      

                      

                      

                      

                      

                      

                      

                      

                      

                      

                      

                      

                      

                      

                      

                      

                      

                      

                      

                      

                      

 

 
