August 25, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12597
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA-2015-2183

Mr. Cody Porche
Porche Aerial Imagery
5853 East Kayleigh Lane
Lake Charles, LA 70605

Dear Mr. Porche:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated May 22, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of Porche Aerial Imagery (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption. The
petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct aerial
photography and videography.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a DJI Inspire 1.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
                                                                                                                 2

aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Porche Aerial Imagery is granted an exemption from
14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c),
91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to
the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                             3

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Porche Aerial Imagery is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Inspire 1 when
    weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any other
    aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
    not permitted.

3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
    exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
    compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
    airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
    aircraft manufacturer.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.

    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
    electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
    must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
    required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
                                                                                                            4

    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
                                                                                                            5

    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
                                                                                                               6

       (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
       be as large as practicable.

   23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
       any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
       PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
       These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
       official upon request.

   24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
       activities at all times.

   25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

   26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
       persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
          a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
             from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
             that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
             where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
             the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
             of nonparticipating persons; and
          b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
             for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
             the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
             present an undue hazard.

       The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
       nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

   27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
       permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
       Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
       obtained for each flight to be conducted.

   28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
       boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
       to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
       reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
       contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.
                                                                                                                 7

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                      8

This exemption terminates on August 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.
Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
                                                      !

Cody Porche
Porche Aerial Imagery
5853 East Kayleigh Lane
Lake Charles, LA 70605
(337) 540-8522
codyporche@gmail.com

May 22nd, 2015

U.S. Department of Transportation, Docket Operations
West Building Ground Floor, Room W12-140
1200 New Jersey Avenue, SE

    IN THE MATTER OF THE PETITION FOR EXEMPTION OF:

                        Porche Aerial Imagery

         FOR AN EXEMPTION SEEKING RELIEF FROM THE
    REQUIREMENTS OF TITLE 14 OF THE CODE OF FEDERAL
 REGULATIONS SECTIONS 61.113(a) & (b), 91.7(a), 91.121, 91.151(b),

       91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), AND 91.417(a) & (b)
  CONCERNING COMMERCIAL OPERATION OF DJI INSPIRE 1

                      UNMANNED AIRCRAFT SYSTEMS
                       PURSUANT TO SECTION 333 OF
THE FAA MODERNIZATION AND REFORM ACT OF 2012 (PUBLIC

                                      LAW 112-95)

PORCHE AERIAL IMAGERY                                    !1
                       !

Dear Sir or Madam:

In accordance with Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform act of 2012 (the Reform
Act) and 14 CFR Part 11, Porche Aerial Imagery hereby applies for an exemption from the listed
Federal Aviation Regulations (FARs) to allow commercial use of its Small Unmanned Aircraft
Systems (SUAS), so long as such operations are conducted within and under the conditions
outlined herein or as may be established by the FAA as required by Section 333.

An exemption is being requested because (1) existing regulations will burden Porche Aerial
Imagery (2) Porche Aerial Imagery can and will provide and maintain an utmost level of safety
equal or greater to those provided by existing rules, and (3) the request is in the public interest.
The FAA's authority to issue exemptions from operating rules, and the Secretary's authority
granted by Section 333 of P.L. 112-95, Special Rules for Certain Unmanned Aircraft Systems,
provide an opportunity to authorize certain SUAS operations in the National Airspace System
(NAS) prior to implementation of the SUAS rule. This incremental step will allow Porche Aerial
Imagery to legally and safely enter into the NAS.

As described in detail below, the requested exemption would permit Porche Aerial Imagery to
operate SUAS under controlled conditions in airspace that is (1) limited (2) predetermined (3)
controlled as to access and (4) would provide safety enhancements to the already safe operations
of those aircraft of similar size, weight, speed, and operating capability that have been granted
entry into the NAS via the rules in Academy of Model Aeronautics (AMA) National Aircraft
Safety Code. Approval of this exemption would thereby greatly enhance safety and fulfill the
Secretary of Transportation's (the Secretary) responsibilities to "...establish requirements for the
safe operation of such aircraft systems in the national airspace system" per Section 333 (c) of the
Reform Act.

Porche Aerial Imagery is requesting exemption from the following regulations:
14 CFR Part 21, Subpart H
14 CFR 61.23 (a)
14 CFR 61.113 (a) and (b)

PORCHE AERIAL IMAGERY                                                                                 !2
                           !

14 CFR 91.109
14 CFR 91.121
14 CFR 91.151 (a)
14 CFR 91.405 (a)
14 CFR 91.407 (a)(1)
14 CFR 91.409 (a)(1)
14 CFR 91.409 (a)(2)
14 CFR 91.417 (a) and (b)

This exemption application is expressly submitted to fulfill Congress' goal in passing Section 333
(a) through (c) of the Reform Act. This law directs the Secretary to consider whether certain
unmanned aircraft systems may operate safely in the NAS before completion of the rule making
required under Section 332 of the Reform Act. In making this determination, the Secretary is
required to determine which types of UASs do not create a hazard to users of the NAS, to the
public, or pose a threat to national security.

Section 333 of the Reform Act grants the Secretary authority to determine (1) if an unmanned
aircraft system, as a result of its size, weight, speed, operating capability, proximity to airports and
populated areas, and operation within visual line of sight (VLOS) does not create a hazard to
users of the NAS or the public or pose a threat to national security, and (2) whether a certificate
of waiver, certificate of authorization, or airworthiness certification under 49 USC 44704 is
required for the operation of civil (non-governmental) UASs. Therefore, if the Secretary
determines that such vehicles "may operate safely in the national airspace system, the Secretary
shall establish requirements for the safe operation of such aircraft in the national airspace
system".

                       LIMITED LIABILITY CORPORATION OVEVIEW
Porche Aerial Imagery's SUAS are quadcopters (or quadrotors, multirotors), weighing 6.5 or
fewer lbs. (including payload). The SUAS possess simultaneous capability to hover and move in
both the vertical and horizontal planes. They will operate only in visual line of sight (VLOS) and
will operate only in tightly controlled and limited airspace. They are capable of operating at

PORCHE AERIAL IMAGERY                                                                               !3
                                                                                                  !

speeds of up to 43 knots, but will be routinely operated at speeds no greater than 20 knots. They
will routinely be operated below 200 feet above ground level (AGL), and never above 400 feet
AGL. This AGL limitation is pertinent to the operation of normal business and is not only
required to be monitored by the pilot in command but is also limited via the DJI Pilot App
described in a future section of this document.

Porche Aerial Imagery's exemption request would permit its commercial operation of SUAS for
aerial photography and videography in tightly controlled and limited airspace. Aerial
photography and videography services will be offered to large or small corporations, small public
events, private events, commercial and personal realtors, contractors, or property inspectors for
use in, but not limited to, general aerial imagery requested by said "customers". All operations
will be conducted on private property and with the written and/or oral permission of the
property owner(s). Operations will always be conducted in areas that are clear of people, except
the pilot in command (PIC) and the PIC's helper(s). Such operations will ensure that the SUAS
will "not create a hazard to users of the national airspace system or the public"1.

                                                   AIRCRAFT
Porche Aerial Imagery operates a DJI Inspire 1. The Inspire 1 is a SUAS manufactured by DJI, a
well-known leader in quadcopter technology. DJI strives to bring new, innovative and safe
technology to the aerial imagery industry and to assist companies worldwide in achieving said
aerial imagery. They have an unparalleled commitment to research and development, an
innovative culture, and a focus on transforming quadcopter technology into easy-to-use devices.

The standard Inspire 1 quadcopter package includes the Inspire 1 itself, camera, gimbal,
propulsion system, flight control system, 5.8 GHz remote controller, and 2.4 GHz
communication system. The remote uses a 5.8 GHz frequency to prevent interference with the
video/telemetry channel. This second channel allows for a constant connection with the Inspire 1
to monitor it via a tablet (specifically, iPad Air 2) that is attached to the remote controller.

1 Reform Act Section 333 (b)  !4
PORCHE AERIAL IMAGERY
                                                                                                  !

The Inspire 1 is approximately 17.2 inches x 17.7 in. x 11.9 in. in size. It has a maximum ascent
speed of 16.4 feet per second, a maximum descent speed of 13.1 feet per second, and a
maximum flight speed of 43 knots. While operating within VLOS, the remote control has a
range of approximately 2,600 feet. The total weight (including the payload) is 6.4 lbs.

The Inspire 1 is equipped with a flight control system that provides incredible ease of use and
stability. Pilots can control the Inspire l's movements in many directions including pitch (forward
and backward), roll (left and right), elevator (up and down), and yaw (turn left and right). The
flight control system can also provide intelligent orientation control (IOC), failsafe, battery level
monitoring/battery warnings, and show the aircraft's current heading, direction, and exact
distance from home on the onscreen radar. The built-in GPS system aids in stabilizing the
aircraft and automatically and safely returns it back to its home point in any case where
communication between the remote control and quadcopter are lost.

The Inertial Measurement Unit (IMU) has a built-in inertial sensor and a barometric altimeter
that measures both attitude (ATII) and altitude. The IMU incorporates both a 6-axis gyroscope
and an accelerometer to monitor minuscule changes in tilt and movement. This allows the
aircraft to compensate and adjust immediately, holding its position at all times.

The Inspire 1's compass reads geomagnetic information and assist the Global Positioning
System (GPS) to accurately calculate the position and height of the aircraft. The Inspire 1 also
has a built in Visual Positioning System (VPS) that allows takeoff and landing at the press of a
button and keeps the Inspire 1 steady when GPS satellites cannot be required.

The Inspire 1 has LED flight indicators beneath each of its four rotor arms. The LEDs on the
arms as well as one on the battery, illuminate to indicate the status of the flight control system
and alert the PIC of any possible issues. Such highly advanced capabilities will ensure that the
SUAS can be safely operated and "not create a hazard to users of the national airspace
system or the public."2

2 Reform Act Section 333 (b)                                                                           !5
PORCHE AERIAL IMAGERY
                                                                  !

                                        SAFETY

In an effort to join the FAA in its mission to provide the safest, most efficient aerospace system in

the world and to minimize the risk to the NAS or to persons and property on the ground, Porche

Aerial Imagery agrees to be bound by the following limitations and conditions when conducting

commercial operations under an FAA issued exemption:

A. For the purposes of ensuring SUASs will be operated within the standards that

the FAA has allowed in the AMA National Model Aircraft Safety Code:

1. SUASs will not be flown:

1.1. In a careless or reckless manner.

1.2. At a location where SUAS activities are prohibited.

2. SUAS pilots will

2.1. Yield the right of way to all human-carrying aircraft.

2.2. See and avoid all aircraft and a spotter must be used when appropriate.

2.3. Not fly higher than 400 feet AGL or within three (3) miles of an airport    

without notifying the airport operator.

2.4.Not interfere with operations and traffic patterns at any airport, heliport or seaplane base

except where there is a mixed use agreement.

2.5. Not exceed a takeoff weight of 55 pounds (including payload).

2.6. Ensure the aircraft is identified by affixing the owner's contact information to the outside

of the SUAS.

2.7. Not operate SUAS's while under the influence of alcohol or while using any drug that

could adversely affect the PIC's ability to safely control the model.

2.8. Not operate SUAS's carrying pyrotechnic devices that explode or burn, or any device

which propels a projectile or drops any object that creates a hazard to persons or property.

3. SUASs will not be flown unless:

3.1. The aircraft, control system and pilot skills have successfully demonstrated all maneuvers

intended or anticipated prior to the specific event.

3.2. An inexperienced pilot is assisted by an experienced pilot.

4. All pilots shall avoid flying directly over unprotected people, vessels, vehicles or structures and

shall avoid endangerment of life and property of others.

PORCHE AERIAL IMAGERY                                                                                  6!
                                                                                                  !

5. A successful radio equipment ground-range check in accordance with manufacturer's
    recommendations will be completed before the first flight of a new or repaired model aircraft.

6. SUASs must use the radio-control frequencies currently allowed by the Federal
    Communications Commission (FCC).

7. SUASs will not knowingly operate within three (3) miles of any pre-existing flying site without
    a frequency-management agreement.

8. Excluding takeoff and landing, no SUASs may be flown outdoors closer than 25 feet to any
    individual, except for PIC and the PIC's helper(s) located at the takeoff site.

9. Under no circumstances may a pilot or other person touch a SUAS in flight while it is still
    under power, except to divert it from striking an individual.

10. The PIC of the SUAS shall:
    10.1. Maintain control during the entire flight, maintaining visual contact without
         enhancement other than by corrective lenses prescribed for the pilot.
    10.2. Fly using the assistance of a camera or First-Person (FPV) only in accordance with the
         procedures outlined in AMA Document #550.
    10.3. Fly using the assistance of autopilot or stabilization system only in accordance with the
         procedures outlined in AMA Document #560.

11. The flying area must be clear of all utility wires or poles and an SUAV will not be flown
    closer than 50 feet to any above-ground electric utility lines.

12. The flying area must be clear before the engine is started, except for PIC and the PIC
    helper(s).

B. In addition to the above rules outlined by the AMA National Model Aircraft
    Safety Code and in an effort to enhance the safety offered by the already safe
    operations mentioned above, Porche Aerial Imagery also agrees to be bound by
    the following limitations and conditions:

1. Flights will be operated within VLOS of the PIC.
2. Maximum total flight time for each operational flight will be 20 minutes. Flights will be

    terminated at 30% battery power reserve should that occur prior to the 25 minute limit.
3. The SUAS will only operate in tightly controlled and limited airspace.

PORCHE AERIAL IMAGERY  7!
                                                                                                  !

4. A pre-flight discussion will be conducted in regard to the planned SUAS operations prior to
    each flight. It will be mandatory that all personnel who will be performing duties within the
    boundaries of the safety perimeter be present for this meeting.

5. The PIC and the PIC's helper(s) will have been trained in operation of SUAS and received
    up-to-date information on the particular SUAS to be operated.

6. The pilot and the PIC's helper(s) will at all times be able to communicate by voice.
7. If the SUAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the SUAS will have capability to

    return to a pre-determined location within the security perimeter and safely land based off of
    the initial home point determined prior to take off.
8. The SUAS will have the capability to abort a flight in case of unpredicted obstacles or
    emergencies.
9. All flights will be conducted no private property and with the written and/or oral permission
    of the property owner(s).
10. Flights will always be conducted in areas that are clear of people, except for the PIC and the
    PIC's helper(s).
11. Flights will not be conducted outdoors in visual meteorological conditions (VMC) and never
    during severe weather conditions.
12. Flights will not occur in weather conditions that prevent the PIC from operating within visual
    line-of-sight (VLOS) at all times or in weather conditions that dramatically affect the UAS's
    flight (e.g. rain, high winds).
13. If an operation occurs in an area where people could inadvertently enter the area, an
    operational border will be established with traffic cones. If it is not feasible to use traffic cones
    due to interference with the photography/videography, the PIC's helper(s) will be responsible
    for keeping a safe perimeter around the operation. The operation will cease immediately and
    be rescheduled if it's impossible to establish a safe perimeter around the operation.
14. The PIC will be responsible for logging all flights to ensure the comprehensive preventative
    maintenance plan can be followed, as described in the "Preventative Maintenance" section
    below.
15. The SUAS will not be routinely operated in the proximity of any airports. In any cases
    where SUAS must be operated within three (3) miles of an airport, the airport operator will
    be notified before the operation commences.

PORCHE AERIAL IMAGERY  !8
                                                                                                  !

The operation of SUASs, weighing less than 7 lbs., conducted in the strict conditions as outlined
above, will provide an equivalent level of safety supporting the grant of exemptions requested
herein, including exempting the applicant from the requirements of Part 21 and allowing
commercial operations.

These lightweight aircraft operate at slow speeds, close to the ground, and in a tightly controlled
environment. As a result, they offer a much safer way to capture aerial photography and
videography. Furthermore, the proposed operations represent a safety enhancement to the
already safe operations that have been granted by the FAA for the establishment of the AMA
National Model Aircraft Safety Code.

                                             PRE-FLIGHT PLAN
The PIC will follow a comprehensive pre-flight checklist to ensure that the SUAS is in a
condition for safe flight. This plan will be improved as needed in order to ensure all known safety
precautions and/or safety precautions suggested by the manufacturer are being accounted for.

A. Pre-flight Inspection
    1. Check that the remote control, Inspire 1 batteries, and tablet are all fully charged (Under
         no circumstances will flight be permitted if all devices do not have a minimum of 50% battery)
    2. Inspect the Inspire 1 battery for signs of overuse or an overage of wear and tear
         including, but not limited to, swollen or bloated cells, dents, discoloration, etc). Clean the
         contact needles and pads if necessary
    3. Gently rotate the motor shafts with your fingers and verify they do not exhibit excessive
         play or binding
    4. Verify that the propellers are mounted correctly. *Note that Porche Aerial Imagery's
         SUAV is transported in a large case with all propellers installed. Therefore only a brief
         visual inspection is necessary at this step.
    5. Run finger along the edge of the propeller blade to check for any rough edges or
         imperfections.

PORCHE AERIAL IMAGERY  !9
                                                                                            !

6. Gently flex both sides of the propellers' blades to check for hairline cracks where the
    blades connect in the center of the propeller.

7. Verify that the landing gear is secure (not cracked/broken/loose).
8. Verify that the compass and compass cable is firmly attached to the landing gear.
9. Verify that the Micro-SD card has been inserted and formatted.
10. Verify that the damping absorbers are not broken and/or worn.
11. Verify that the camera is secure and clean. Inspect the camera for signs of any wear and

    tear.
12. Set the tablet in "Airplane Mode" mode to prevent distractions while flying.
13. Set the tablet to forget any Wi-Fi networks in range in order to prevent the Wi-Fi

    connections from changing mid-flight.
14. Verify that the tablet's audio is on to ensure the low battery warning and other alarms can

    be heard.

B. Power up
    1. Verify that the transmitter is in the "P" mode on F-A-P switch.
    2. Power on the equipment:
         2.1. SUAS battery (blinking green indicates GPS lock and ready to fly).
         2.2. Remote control (solid green and chime indicate lock on SUAS and ready to fly).
    3. Check the DJI Pilot app to ensure lock on 6+ satellites and home point is marked (for use
         by the failsafe feature).
    4. Calibrate the compass.
    5. Check MOD values.
    6. Place the Inspire 1 on open, flat ground with the battery indicators facing towards the
         PIC at least 10 feet away.

C. DJI Pilot App
    1. Connect the tablet to the transmitter via USB.
    2. Launch the app. (select "Trust this device")
    3. Verify the number of satellites is 6+.
    4. Verify signal strength.

PORCHE AERIAL IMAGERY                                  !10
                                                                                                  !

    5. Verify that the tablet battery has a full charge.
    6. Verify that both the PIC's and the Inspire 1's location is the same before taking off to

         ensure the home point has been accurately marked.
    7. Verify the location of the Inspire 1 in the "flight radar." If it is not in the correct position/

         direction and/or shows a distance of "N/ A", it did not mark the home point.
    8. Use the "find my Inspire" feature to ensure the blue (home point location) and red (Inspire

         1 location) dots are in the same location on the screen.

D. Ready to fly
    1. Verify that the remote antenna is perpendicular to the ground (pointing skyward).
    2. Verify that the front, flat face of the range extender is pointed toward the Inspire 1.
    3. Verify that the rear LED's are slowly blinking green and still connected to 6+ satellites.
    4. Start the Inspire 1 motors using the remote control.
    5. Verify the motors are functioning normally, and are not making any unusual noises, and
         are all spinning at the same speed.
    6. Verify that the area is clear of obstructions, people, power lines, etc.
    7. Take off and hover at approximately 6-8 feet above the takeoff point to verify that the
         Inspire 1has a solid GPS lock. If any abnormalities are noticed (drifting, flying in circles,
         etc) land immediately and repeat the "Pre-flight inspection" and "power up" sequences.
    8. Verify the Inspire 1 holds a steady position while yawing 360 degrees.
    9. Verify the Inspire 1 responds appropriately to all controls-yaw left/right, pitch forward/
         backward, roll left/right, and throttle up/down.

                                  PREVENTATIVE MAINTENANCE
A comprehensive preventative maintenance plan will be followed in order to ensure the SUAS's
software is up-to-date, the batteries are in good health, and the aircraft itself is always ready for
safe flight. This maintenance plan includes a routine inspection after SUAV is retired for the day.
Any abnormalities will be immediately addressed prior to any future flight.

                         PILOT IN COMMAND (PIC) QUALIFICATIONS

PORCHE AERIAL IMAGERY  1! 1
                                                                                                  !

The PIC does not hold an airman certificate or medical certification. Since the SUAS is similar
in size, weight, speed, and operating capability as those currently allowed to be flown for hobby/
recreation, holding the PIC to those same set of standards will allow for an equivalent level of
safety.

The PIC has years of computer systems and RC systems. Since the SUAS is controlled by a
highly advanced computer system and runs on software that must be configured, updated, and
maintained, computer proficiency is a must to ensure the SUAS is ready to be safely operated in
the NAS.

It cannot be assumed that a commercial pilot, approved to operate a helicopter or fixed wing
aircraft, has the skill or ability to safely operate an unmanned aerial vehicle, operating at 400 feet
AGL or lower, within strictly controlled pre-approved airspace. Since there are no standards for
either private or commercial SUAS pilot certificates, knowledge of airspace regulations and
dexterity in the control and operation of the SUAS acquired from actual operation of the aircraft
will be the most important factors in establishing an equivalent level of safety. With that in mind,
Porche Aerial Imagery proposes that its PIC be required to do the following prior to the first
commercial operation:
1. Perform a minimum of 20 flights without issue or log 20 hours of flight time (the greater of

    the two) with the Inspire 1.
2. Successfully learn and demonstrate all flight maneuvers in the Inspire 1 User Manual.

    (downloadable at http://www.dji.com/product/inspire-1/download).
3. Study and be familiar with all sections of "Inspire 1 User Manual".

                                             PUBLIC INTEREST
Granting this exemption would benefit the public as a whole. SUASs offer a strong equivalent
level of safety, a reduction in environmental impacts, and allow for a reduction in harmful
emissions associated with the manned aircraft that are currently used for aerial photography and
videography. Due to the size of the SUAS and the tightly controlled and limited airspace in
which the SUAS will operate, approval of this application presents no risk to the public.
Furthermore, the public and/or corporations will be able to legally acquire aerial photography

PORCHE AERIAL IMAGERY  !12
                                                                                                  !

and videography to help in, but not limited to, monitor progress on major construction sites,
review future construction sites for consideration, obtain videography of events, and even obtain
aerial photographs of their new building.

                                                    PRIVACY
Since the areas being photographed or filmed will be on private property, accessed only after
given written and/or oral consent by the property owner(s), and clear of people, except for the
PIC and the PIC's helper(s), approval of this application presents no risk to public privacy.

                                          NATIONAL SECURITY
Due to the size of the SUAS and the tightly controlled and limited airspace in which the SUAS
will operate, approval of this application presents no risk to national security.

                                      REQUESTED EXEMPTIONS
Porche Aerial Imagery requests exemption from the following regulations since it's not possible to
fully comply with them, and since attempting to follow them for the purposes of operating a
SUAS would be a burden:
Airworthiness Certificates
14 CFR Part 21, Subpart H
Subpart H establishes the procedural requirements for the issuance of airworthiness certificates
as required by FAR 91.203(a)(1). Given the size and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft to be utilized by Porche Aerial Imagery, an exemption from Part 21 Subpart H meets the
requirements of an equivalent level of safety under Part 11 and Section 333 of the Reform Act.
The Federal Aviation Act (49 USC 44701(f)) and Section 333 of the Reform Act both authorize
the FAA to exempt aircraft from the requirement for an airworthiness certificate, upon
consideration of the size, weight, speed, operational capability, and proximity to airports and
populated areas of the particular SUAS. In all cases, an analysis of these criteria demonstrates
that the SUAS operated without an airworthiness certificate, in the restricted environment and
under the conditions proposed, will be at least safe, or safer, than a conventional aircraft
operating with an airworthiness certificate without the restrictions and conditions proposed.

PORCHE AERIAL IMAGERY  !13
                       !

Medical certificates
14 CFR 61.23(a)
This regulation requires pilots of manned aircraft to hold a medical certificate. Since risks
associated with the operation of the proposed SUAS are so diminished from the level of risk
associated with any manned aircraft; the SUAS is of a size, weight, speed, and operational
capabilities which make it much safer than any manned aircraft; since operations will occur in
tightly controlled and limited airspace; and considering that all operations will be on private
property that is clear of people, obtaining and maintaining a medical certificate would not
improve the safety of the operation. In the very rare case of a mishap, the SUAS being flown will
pose significantly less of a threat than manned helicopters and fixed wing aircraft because the
SUASs are a fraction of the size and weight will be flown at a fraction of the speed, carry no
flammable fuel, and carry no crew or passengers.

Private pilot privileges and limitations: Pilot in command
14 CFR 61.113(a) and (b)
These regulations limit private pilots to non-commercial operations. Because the SUAS will not
carry a pilot or passengers; due to the SUASs size, weight, speed, and operational capabilities;
and since operations will occur in tightly controlled and limited airspace, the proposed
operations can achieve the equivalent level of safety of current operations that require a
commercial pilot's license. Furthermore, since there are no standards for either private or
commercial SUAS pilot certificates, knowledge of airspace regulations and dexterity in the
control and operation of the SUAS acquired from actual operation of the aircraft will be the
most important factors in establishing an equivalent level of safety. It cannot be assumed that a
commercial pilot, approved to operate a manned helicopter or fixed wing aircraft, has the skill
or ability to safely operate an unmanned aerial vehicle, operating at 400 feet AGL or lower,
within strictly controlled pre-approved airspace.

Flight Instruction
14 CFR 91.109
This regulation provides that no person may operate a civil aircraft (except a manned free

PORCHE AERIAL IMAGERY                                                                              1! 4
                                                                                                  !

balloon) that is being used for flight instruction unless that aircraft has fully functioning dual
controls.
SUASs and remotely piloted aircraft, by their design do not have fully functional dual controls.
Flight control is accomplished through the use of a control box that communicates with the
aircraft via radio communications. The FAA has approved exemptions for flight training without
fully functional dual controls for a number of aircraft and for flight instruction in experimental
aircraft. The equivalent level of safety provided by the fact that neither a pilot or passengers
will be carried in the aircraft and by the size and speed of the aircraft.

Altimeter Settings
14 CFR 91.121
This regulation requires each person operating an aircraft to maintain cruising altitude by
reference to an altimeter that is set " ... to the elevation of the departure airport or an
appropriate altimeter setting available before departure." As the SUAS may not have a
barometric altimeter, but instead a GPS altitude read out, an exemption may be needed. An
equivalent level of safety will be achieved by the operator by confirming the altitude of the
launch site shown on the GPS altitude indicator before flight.

Fuel Requirements for Flight in VFR Conditions
14 CFR 91.151(a)
This regulation prohibits an individual from beginning "a flight in an airplane under VFR
conditions unless (considering wind and forecast weather conditions) there is enough fuel to fly
to the first point of intended landing, and, assuming normal cruising speed - (1) During the day,
to fly after that for at least 30 minutes; or (2) At night, to fly after that for at least 45 minutes."
The battery powering the SUAS provides approximately 20 minutes of powered flight. That
would make it impossible to meet the 30 minute reserve requirement. Given the limitations on
the SUAS's proposed flight area and the location of its proposed operations within a
predetermined area, a longer time frame for flight in daylight or night VFR conditions is
reasonable. An equivalent level of safety can be achieved by limiting flights to 20 minutes or 30%
of battery power (whichever occurs first). This restriction would be more than adequate to return
the SUAS to its planned landing zone from anywhere in its limited operating area.

PORCHE AERIAL IMAGERY                                                                          !15
                                                                                                  !

Maintenance Inspections
14 CFR 91.405(a); 14 CFR 91.407(a)(1); 14 CFR 91.409(a)(1); 14 CFR 91.409(a)(2); 14 CFR
91.417(a) and (b)
These regulations require that an aircraft operator or owner "shall have that aircraft inspected
as prescribed in subpart E of this part and shall between required inspections, except as
provided in paragraph (c) of this section, have discrepancies repaired as prescribed in part 43 of
this chapter ... ," and others shall inspect or maintain the aircraft in compliance with Part 43.
Given that these sections and Part 43 apply only to aircraft with an airworthiness certificate,
these sections will not apply. Maintenance will be accomplished by the operator pursuant to
the aforementioned Inspire 1 user manual. An equivalent level of safety will be achieved
because these small SUASs are very limited in size, will carry a small payload, and operate only
in restricted areas for limited periods of time. If mechanical issues arise, the SUAS can land
immediately and will be operating from no higher than 400 feet AGL. As outlined in the
aforementioned Pre-flight Action Plan, the operator will ensure that the SUAS is in working
order prior to initiating flight and perform maintenance as required. Moreover, the operator is
the person most familiar with the aircraft and best suited to maintain the aircraft in an airworthy
condition to provide the equivalent level of safety.

                                                   SUMMARY
In accordance with 14 CFR Part 11, the following summary is provided for publication in the
Federal Register:
The applicant seeks an exemption from the following rules: 14 CFR Part 21, Subpart
H; 14 CFR 61.113(a) and (b); 14 CFR 91.109; 14 CFR 91.121; 14 CFR 91.151; (a); 14 CFR
91.405(a); 14 CFR 91.407(a)(1); 14 CFR 91.409(a)(1); 14 CFR 91.409(a)(2); 14 CFR 91.417(a)
and (b) to commercially operate small unmanned aircraft systems (55 lbs. or less) in
order to safely and legally capture aerial photography and videography for use by
large or small corporations, small public events, private events, commercial and
personal realtors, contractors, or property inspectors.

PORCHE AERIAL IMAGERY  !16
                                                                                                  !

The operation of SUAS conducted in the strict conditions outlined above, will provide an
equivalent and/or greater level of safety supporting the grant of the exemptions requested
herein, including exempting the applicant from the requirements of Part 21 and allowing
commercial operations. These lightweight aircraft operate at slow speeds, close to the ground,
and in a sterile environment, and as a result, are far safer than existing operations conducted with
helicopters operating in close proximity to the ground, people, or other buildings in the vicinity.

Given the small size of the SUASs involved, the slow speed at which they must be operated in
order to capture photos and videos, and the restricted environment within which they will
operate, the Inspire 1 demonstrates that it can be operated within an equivalent level of safety in
which Congress envisioned that the FAA must, by exemption, allow commercial operations of
SUASs to commence immediately.

Also, due to the size of the SUASs and the restricted areas in which the relevant SUASs will
operate, approval of this application presents no threat to national security. Given the clear
direction in Section 333 of the Reform Act, the authority contained in the Federal Aviation Act,
the strong equivalent level of safety surrounding the proposed operations, the significant public
benefit - including enhanced safety, reduction in environmental impacts, no emissions, ability to
legally obtain aerial photography and videography services - the grant of the requested
exemptions is in the public interest. Accordingly, Porche Aerial Imagery respectfully requests that
the FAA grant the requested exemption without delay.

Satisfaction of the criteria provided in Section 333 of the Reform Act - size, weight, speed,
operating capability, proximity to airports and populated areas, operation within the visual line
of sight, public safety, and national security- provide more than adequate justification to grant
Porche Aerial Imagery the requested exemption, allowing for commercial operations as described
herewith.

With anticipation,
Cody Porche
Owner, Porche Aerial Imagery

PORCHE AERIAL IMAGERY         !17
