September 1, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12696
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA-2015-2262

Mr. Richard Fisher
President
Precision Midwest, LTD
3 South 140 Barkley Avenue
Warrenville, IL 60555

Dear Mr. Fisher:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letters dated May 26 and July 20, 2015 you petitioned the Federal Aviation
Administration (FAA) on behalf of Precision Midwest, LTD (hereinafter petitioner or
operator) for an exemption. The petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system
(UAS) to conduct aerial surveys and perform aerial data collection for agriculture and
mining.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner are the Trimble UX5 and Trimble UX5 HP.

In accordance with the statutory criteria provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in
reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited
                                                                                                                 2

operating area associated with the aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation
has determined that this aircraft meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA
finds that relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts,
Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing
requirements of part 36, is not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Precision Midwest, LTD is granted an exemption from
14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c),
91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to
the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                              3

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Precision Midwest, LTD is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the Trimble UX5 and
    Trimble UX5 HP when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed
    operations of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this
    exemption.

2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
    not permitted.

3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
    exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
    compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
    airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
    aircraft manufacturer.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.

    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
    electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
    must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
    required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
                                                                                                            4

    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.
                                                                                                            5

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.
                                                                                                            6

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

    The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
    nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
    reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
    contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.
                                                                                                                 7

 If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
 television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                                                 8

This exemption terminates on September 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,
/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
                                                                                    PRECISION `, MIDWEST

26 May 2015

U.S. Department of Transportation
Docket Management System
1200 New Jersey Ave., SE
Washington, DC 20590

         Re: Application for Issuance of Section 333 Exemption Based upon
                  Exemption 11110 Issued to Trimble Navigation Ltd.

Dear Sir or Madam,

Precision Midwest, Ltd, ("PMW") herewith applies for the issuance of an exemption
under Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 based upon
Exemption 11110 issued to Trimble Navigation Ltd. ("Trimble") on December 10, 2014 in
FAA Docket 2014-0367. The requested exemption would allow PMW to operate the
UX5 aircraft manufactured by Trimble or other Trimble aircraft approved for commercial
operations under Exemption 11110, as amended, such as the UX5hp for which an
amendment has been filed. PMW notes that the FAA recently authorized use of the
Trimble UX5 by a third party in Exemption No. 11257, Regulatory Docket No. FAA-
2014-0889, on April 2, 2015, under updated conditions, and PMW hereby confirms that
it will accept such conditions as well as those set forth in Exemption No. 11240,
Regulatory Docket No. FAA-2014-0894.

The name and contact information for the applicant are:

Richard Fisher, President
Precision Midwest, Ltd
3S 140 Barkley Avenue
Warrenville, Illinois 60555
Phone: (630) 836-1000
email: richard_fisher@precisionmidwest.com

PMW intends to operate the UX5 or the UX5hp from Trimble and will operate it in strict
compliance with the conditions set forth in Exemption 11110, as such conditions may be
amended or modified by the FAA from time to time, as was done in Exemption Nos.
11240 and 11257, or such other conditions as the FAA shall specify, and the following
manuals:

         1) Trimble UX5 Data Sheet; and
         2) Trimble UX5 Aerial Imaging Solution User Guide (User Guide)

Copies of these manuals are attached.

These manuals are very similar to the manuals submitted by Trimble in support of the
issuance of Exemption 11110, updated to reflect changes reported in Trimble's
March 4, 2015 amendment to Exemption 11110. The manuals will be updated by
U.S. Department of Transportation
26 May 2015
Page 2

Trimble, as needed to reflect any changes to Exemption 11110, based on amendments
thereto.

PMW acknowledges that under current FAA guidance a separate Certificate of Waiver
or Authorization ("COA") is required to fly at altitudes in excess of 200 feet AGL, and it
will apply for COAs where required. PMW hereby requests a blanket COA for flights up
to 200 feet AGL in the form approved by the FAA. PMW will also file NOTAMs for its
flights, as required.

To the extent necessary, PMW refers the FAA to the original exemption and the
amended exemption requests submitted by Trimble in Docket FAA-2014-0367 for
demonstration of the public interest and an equivalent level of safety. Because the UX5
and the UX5hp specified in this request are the same or, essentially the same, as the
craft already approved in Exemption 11110, and PMW will operate the aircraft in strict
compliance with the conditions in existing exemptions previously granted by the FAA, or
as they may be amended, notice need not be provided in the Federal Register nor
public comment solicited.'

If you have any questions, please contact the undersigned.

                                                        Verytruly yours,

           Richard Fisher, President
           Precision Midwest, Ltd.
           3S 140 Barkley Avenue
           Warrenville, Illinois 60555

Enclosure

1
           Applicant reads Section 333 as placing the duty on the Administrator not only to process

applications for exemptions under Section 333 but, if he determines that the conditions set forth herein do
not fulfill the statutory requirements for approval, to craft conditions for the safe operation of the UAS.
                                      3S140 Barkley Avenue Warrenville, Illinois 60555
                                           Phone (630) 836-1000 Fax (630) 836-8850

July 20, 2015

U. S. Department of Transportation
Docket Management System
1200 New Jersey Ave., SE
Washington, DC 20590

Re: Existing Docket ID: FAA-2015-2262 Addendum: Summary Processing: Exemption
         Request Under Section 333 of the FAA Reform Act and Part 11 of the Federal Aviation
         Regulations Based Upon Exemption 11110A Issued to Trimble Navigation Limited

Dear Sir or Madam:

         PRECISION MIDWEST, LTD ("Applicant") herewith applies for the issuance of an
exemption under Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 ("Reform Act")
based upon Exemption 11110 issued to Trimble Navigation Limited ("Trimble") on December 10,
2014, as amended on May 7, 2015 with issuance of Exemption 11110A in FAA Docket 2014-
0367.

         The requested exemption would allow Applicant to operate the Trimble UX5 and Trimble
UX5 HP aircraft manufactured by Trimble Navigation, or other Trimble aircraft approved for
commercial operations under Exemptions 11110 and 11110A, as they may be amended in the
future. Applicant notes that, in granted Exemption 11666 dated May 22, 2015, the FAA
authorized use of the Trimble UX5 by a third party company under conditions like those in
Exemption 11110A.1 Applicant hereby confirms that it will accept the conditions in Exemptions
11110A and 11666.

         Applicant aircraft will be used to conduct aerial surveys and perform aerial data
collection for agriculture, mining, and other purposes, but not for closed set filming (hereinafter
"the Purpose"). Applicant hereby applies for an exemption from the listed Federal Aviation
Regulations ("FARs") to allow commercial operation of its small unmanned aerial vehicles
("sUAVs"), so long as such operations are conducted within and under the conditions outlined
herein or as may be established by the FAA in an exemption granted under either Section 333
or Section 49 U.S.C. §44701(f).

         As this exemption request is identical to the already issued precedent, this request
should qualify for summary processing as the FAA has already provided public notice of and
granted similar exemptions. The FAA has issued exemptions in circumstances similar in all
material respects to those presented in this petition. In numerous exemptions, the FAA has
found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned aircraft ("UA") with the
specifications described by the petitioners and carrying no passengers or crew, when compared

1 Exemption No. 11666 to AeroView Services LLC (see Docket No. FAA-2015-0630).
to flights of much larger manned aircraft that carry crew in addition to flammable fuel, gives the
FAA good cause to find that the sUAV operation enabled by the exemptions serves the public
interest.2 In those cases, use of the proposed sUAV not only enhanced safety but also fulfilled
the Secretary of Transportation's (the FAA Administrator's) responsibility to ". . . establish
requirements for the safe operation of such aircraft systems in the national airspace system."
Section 333(c) of the Reform Act.

         The name and address of the applicant is:

         Richard Fisher, President
         3 S 140 Barkley Avenue
         Warrenville, IL 60555
         PH: (630) 836-1000 ext 231
         email: richard_fisher@precisionmidwest.com

         Regulations from which the exemption is requested:

         14 C.F.R. 61.23(a) and (c)
         14 C.F.R. 61.101(e)(4) and (5)
         14.C.F.R. 61.113(a)
         14 C.F.R. 61.315(a)
         14 C.F.R. 91.7(a)
         14 C.F.R. 91.119(c)
         14 C.F.R. 91.121
         14 C.F.R. 91.151(a)(1)
         14 C.F.R. 91.405(a)
         14 C.F.R. 91.407(a)(1)
         14 C.F.R. 91.409(a)(1) and (2)
         14 C.F.R. 91.417(a) and (b)

         This exemption application is expressly submitted to fulfill Congress' goal in passing
Sections 333(a) through (c) of the Reform Act. This law directs the Secretary of Transportation
to consider whether certain unmanned aircraft systems may operate safely in the national
airspace system (NAS) before completion of the rulemaking required under Section 332 of the
Reform Act. In making this determination, the Secretary is required to determine which types of
sUAVs do not create a hazard to users of the NAS or the public or pose a threat to national
security in light of the following:

               The sUAV's size, weight, speed, and operational capability;
               Operation of the sUAV in close proximity to airports and populated areas; and
               Operation of the sUAV within visual line of sight of the operator.

2 Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),11109 to Clayco,
Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0382),
and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0642).

Page 2

        FAA Docket No. FAA-2015-2262
Reform Act § 333(a). Lastly, if the Secretary determines that such vehicles "may operate safely
in the national airspace system, the Secretary shall establish requirements for the safe
operation of such aircraft in the national airspace system." Id. § 333(c) (emphasis added).3

         The Federal Aviation Act, in addition to the authority granted by Section 333 of Reform
Act, expressly grants the FAA the authority to issue exemptions. This statutory authority by its
terms includes exempting civil aircraft, as the term is defined under § 40101 of the Act, from the
requirement that all civil aircraft, which includes sUAVs, must have a current airworthiness
certificate.4

         The sUAVs that Applicant proposes to use are fixed wing Trimble UX5 and UX5 HP,
each aircraft weigh less than 55 lbs, including payload. They operate, under normal conditions,
at a speed of no more than 87 knots. They will operate at altitudes of no more than 400 feet
above ground level, as further explained, and only within line of sight. They will operate as set
forth in the confidential manuals attached hereto and made a part hereof (Exhibits 1 and 2).5
Operations in compliance with these manuals will ensure that the sUAV will "not create a hazard
to users of the national airspace system or the public"6 and that the aircraft will operate in
compliance with the conditions set forth in this application.

AIRCRAFT AND EQUIVALENT LEVEL OF SAFETY/NATIONAL SECURITY

         The Applicant states that operating in compliance with the conditions set forth in
Exemption 11666 and 11110A will provide an equivalent level of safety for the operation of the
UX5 and UX5 HP. Approval of exemptions allowing commercial operations of sUAVs for aerial
data collection will enhance safety by reducing risk. Conventional operations, using jet or piston
power aircraft, operate at extremely low altitudes just feet from the subject being photographed
and in extreme proximity to people and structures and present the risks associated with vehicles
that weigh in the neighborhood of 6,000 lbs., carrying large amounts of jet A or other fuel (140
gallons for jet helicopters). Such aircraft must fly to and from the project location. In contrast, a
sUAV weighing fewer than 55 lbs. and powered by batteries eliminates virtually all of that risk
given the reduced mass and lack of combustible fuel carried on board. The sUAV is carried to
the target area and not flown. The sUAV will carry no passengers or crew and, therefore, will

3 Applicant interprets this provision to place the duty on the Administrator to not only
process applications for exemptions under section 333, but for the Administrator to craft
conditions for the safe operation of the sUAV, if it should be determined that the conditions set
forth herein do not fulfill the statutory requirements for approval.

4 "The Administrator may grant an exemption from a requirement of a regulation
prescribed under subsection (a) or (b) of this section or any sections 44702-44716 of the
Transportation Act if the Administrator finds the exemption in the public interest." 49 U.S.C.
§44701(f). See also 49 U.S.C. § 44711(a); 49 U.S.C. § 44704; 14 C.F.R. § 91.203(a)(1).

5 Applicant has marked the manuals "CONFIDENTIAL" and separately submitted them.
Applicant requests that these manuals be maintained in confidence and not be placed in the
public docket or otherwise disclosed to the public. As the information contained in the manuals
includes trade secrets and commercial information that is confidential and not made available to
the public, it is exempt from disclosure under the Freedom of Information Act, 5. U.S.C. § 552(b)
and 14 C.F.R. Part 11. Should the FAA receive a request for access to these manuals,
Applicant requests notification of such request prior to any action being taken by the FAA, as it
may relate to the request.

6 Section 333(b) of the Reform Act.

Page 3

        FAA Docket No. FAA-2015-2262
not expose them to the risks associated with manned aircraft flights. These lightweight aircraft
operate at slow speeds, close to the ground, and in areas that are under the control of the
operator and, as a result, are far safer than conventional operations conducted with larger
manned aircraft operating in close proximity to the ground and people.

         Given the small size of the sUAVs involved and the restricted environment within which
they will operate, Applicant falls squarely within that zone of safety (an equivalent level of
safety) in which Congress envisioned that the FAA must, by exemption, allow commercial
operations of sUAVs to commence immediately. Also, due to the size of the sUAVs, the
restricted areas in which they will operate, and the fact that they will be flown by pilots holding at
least an FAA sport or recreational pilot license, approval of the application presents no national
security issue.

PUBLIC INTEREST

         The FAA has granted exemptions to the regulations listed on page 2 in the exemptions
cited above. As discussed in detail for each of these regulations in the attached Appendix A,
the public interest will be served by an exemption because, with respect to each, operation in
compliance with the requested conditions will ensure an equivalent level of safety. As also
explained at length in Trimble's original Section 333 exemption request submitted on May 30,
2014, the grant of the requested exemption is in the public interest given the clear direction in
Section 333 of the Reform Act; the authority included in the Federal Aviation Act, as amended;
the strong equivalent level of safety surrounding the proposed operations; and the significant
public benefit derived from, among other things, the enhanced safety and reduced
environmental impact, including the reduced emissions associated with allowing battery
powered sUAVs instead of turbine or gas powered aircraft.

                                                          *********

         Pursuant to 14 C.F.R. Part 11, the following summary is provided for publication in the
Federal Register, should it be determined that publication is needed:

         Applicant seeks an exemption from the following rules:

         14 C.F.R. §§61.23(a) and (c ), 61.101(e )(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a),
91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.405(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a)
and (b) to operate commercially a small unmanned vehicle (55 lbs. or less) in motion picture
and television operations and aerial data collection.

         Satisfaction of the criteria provided in Section 333 of the Reform Act of 2012 ­ size,
weight, speed, operating capabilities, proximity to airports and populated areas and operation
within visual line of sight and national security ­ provide more than adequate justification for the
grant of the requested exemption allowing commercial operation of applicant's sUAV for the
Purpose outlined herein and are consistent with exemptions already granted, including
Exemption 1110A. Accordingly, the applicant respectfully requests that the FAA grant the
requested exemption without delay.

                                                                     Very truly yours,

        Richard Fisher- President

Page 4

        FAA Docket No. FAA-2015-2262
                                                       APPENDIX A

14 C.F.R. § 61.23(a) and (c): Medical Certificates: Requirement and Duration

         Sections 61.23(a) and (c) address the requirement of medical certificates for pilots.
Section 61.23(a) requires a person exercising the privileges of a recreational pilot to hold at
least a third class medical certificate. Section 61.23(c) permits the holder of a sport pilot
certificate to act as PIC of a light-sport aircraft with either a medical certificate or U.S. issued
driver's license. Light-sport aircraft may weigh up to 1,430 pounds and seat up to two persons,
including the pilot. Comparatively, the Trimble craft will weigh fewer than 55 pounds, and it will
not carry pilots, passengers, or cargo. The UX5/UX5 HP sUAV will also be operated within
visual line of sight of the PIC and below 400 feet above ground level and limited to operations
with permission over private or controlled-access property.

         Given these safety parameters, Applicant requests that the FAA waive Section 61.23(a)
upon a finding that an equivalent level of safety will be provided by allowing operation of the
Trimble craft by pilots with a recreational or sport pilot certificate and a valid U.S. state issued
driver's license, in lieu of an FAA-issued medical certificate. Applicant also requests that the
FAA grant relief from Section 61.23(c) to allow sport pilot certificate holders to operate aircraft
other than light-sport aircraft with a valid U.S. issued driver's license. The FAA has granted
exemptions to conduct similar operations in a number of cases, including Exemption 11213.

14 C.F.R. Part 61: Private Pilot Privileges and Limitations: Pilot in Command

         Sections 61.113 (a) & (b) limit private pilots to non-commercial operations.
Section 61.315(a) addresses the privileges and limitations of the holder of a sport pilot
certificate.

         Because the sUAV will not carry a pilot or passengers, the proposed operations can
achieve the equivalent level of safety of current operations by requiring the PIC operating the
aircraft to hold a certificate issued by the FAA authorizing operation of any aircraft (ATP,
Commercial, Private, Recreational or Sport). Unlike a conventional aircraft that carries the pilot
and passengers, the sUAV is remotely controlled with no living thing on board. The area of
operation is controlled and restricted, and all flights are planned and coordinated in advance as
set forth in the manual. The level of safety provided by the requirements included in the
manuals exceeds that provided by a single individual holding a commercial pilot's certificate
operating a conventional aircraft. The risks associated with the operation of the sUAV are so
diminished from the level of risk associated with commercial operations contemplated by Part
61 when drafted, that allowing operations of the sUAV as requested with any certificate issued
by the FAA as the PIC greatly exceeds the present level of safety achieved by 14 C.F.R. Part
61. The FAA has granted exemptions for private and sport or recreational pilots to conduct
similar operations in Exemptions 11062, 11213, 11360 and 11666.

14 C.F.R. § 91.119: Minimum Safe Altitudes

         Section 91.119 establishes safe altitudes for operation of civil aircraft. Specifically,
91.119(c) limits aircraft flying over areas other than congested areas to an altitude of 500 feet
above the surface, except over open water or sparsely populated areas. In those cases, the
aircraft may not be operated closer than 500 feet to any person, vessel, vehicle, or structure.

Page 5

        FAA Docket No. FAA-2015-2262
         As set forth herein, the Trimble craft will never operate at higher than 400 feet AGL.
They will, however, be operated to avoid congested or populated areas that are depicted in
yellow on VFR sectional charts. Because aerial survey work must be accomplished at relatively
low altitudes and at altitudes less than 400 feet AGL, an exemption from Section 91.119(c) is
needed.

         The equivalent level of safety will be achieved given the size, weight, speed, and
material with which the Trimble craft are built. Also, no flight will be taken without the
permission of the landowner or those who control the land. Because of the advance notice to
the landowner, all affected individuals will be aware of the survey flights. Compared to aerial
survey operations conducted with aircraft or rotorcraft weighing far more than the Trimble craft
and carrying flammable fuel, any risk associated with these operations will be far less than
those currently allowed with conventional aircraft operating at or below the same altitude.
Indeed, the low-altitude operations of the sUAV will maintain separation between these sUAV
operations and the operations of conventional aircraft that must comply with Section 91.119.
The FAA has granted exemptions to conduct similar operations in Exemptions 11062, 11213,
11360 and 11447.

14 C.F.R. § 91.121: Altimeter Settings

         This regulation requires each person operating an aircraft to maintain cruising altitude by
reference to an altimeter that is set "...to the elevation of the departure airport or an appropriate
altimeter setting available before departure." As each sUAV model in at least one operating
mode will not have a barometric altimeter, but instead a GPS altitude read out, an exemption
will be needed. An equivalent level of safety will be achieved by the operator, pursuant to the
manuals, confirming the altitude of the launch site shown on the GPS altitude indicator before
flight. The FAA has granted exemptions to conduct similar operations in Exemptions 11062,
11213, 11360 and 11447.

14 C.F.R. § 91.151(a): Fuel Requirements for Flight in VFR Conditions

         Section 91.151 (a) prohibits an individual from beginning "a flight in an airplane under
VFR conditions unless (considering wind and forecast weather conditions) there is enough fuel
to fly to the first point of intended landing, and, assuming normal cruising speed ­ (1) During the
day, to fly after that for at least 30 minutes; or (2) At night, to fly after that for at least 45
minutes."

         The battery powering the sUAV limits the duration of a flight. To meet the 30-minute
reserve requirement in 14 C.F.R. § 91.151, sUAV flights would be severely limited, in some
cases to approximately 10 minutes in length. Given the limitations on the sUAV's proposed
flight area and the location of its proposed operations within a predetermined area, a longer time
frame for flight in daylight or night VFR conditions is reasonable.

         Applicant believes that an exemption from 14 C.F.R. § 91.151(a) falls within the scope of
prior exemptions. See Exemption 10673 (allowing Lockheed Martin Corporation to operate
without compliance with FAR 91.151 (a)). Operating the sUAV, in a tightly controlled area
where only people and property owners or official representatives who have signed waivers will
be allowed, with less than 30 minutes of reserve fuel, does not engender the type of risks that
Section 91.151(a) was intended to alleviate given the size and speed of the sUAV.

Page 6

        FAA Docket No. FAA-2015-2262
         Applicant believes that an equivalent level of safety can be achieved by limiting flights to
five minutes of reserve time on the batteries. This restriction would be more than adequate to
return the sUAV to its planned landing zone from anywhere in its limited operating area. Similar
exemptions have been granted to other operations in Exemptions 2689F, 5745, 10673, 10808
and Exemptions 11062, 11213, 11360, 11447 and 11666.

14 C.F.R. Part 91: Maintenance Inspections

         Section 91.405(a) requires that an aircraft operator or owner "shall have that aircraft
inspected as prescribed in subpart E of this part and shall between required inspections, except
as provided in paragraph (c) of this section, have discrepancies repaired as prescribed in
part 43 of this chapter . . . ." Section 91.407 similarly makes reference to requirements in
Part 43; Section 91.409(a)(2) requires an annual inspection for the issuance of an airworthiness
certificate. Section 91.417(a) requires the owner or operator to keep records showing certain
maintenance work that has been accomplished by certificated mechanics, under Part 43, or
licensed pilots and records of approval of the aircraft for return to service.

         Given that these sections and Part 43 apply only to aircraft with an airworthiness
certificate, these sections will not apply to the applicant. Maintenance will be accomplished by
the operator pursuant to the manuals. An equivalent level of safety will be achieved because
these sUAVs are very limited in size and will carry a small payload and operate only in areas for
limited periods of time. If mechanical issues arise, the sUAV can land immediately since it will
be operating from no higher than 400 feet AGL. As provided in the manuals, the operator will
ensure that the sUAV is in working order prior to initiating flight, perform required maintenance,
and keep a log of any maintenance performed. Moreover, the operator is the person most
familiar with the aircraft and best suited to maintain the aircraft in an airworthy condition in order
to provide the equivalent level of safety. The FAA has granted exemptions for similar operations
in Exemptions 11062, 11213, 11360, 11447 and 11666.

Page 7

        FAA Docket No. FAA-2015-2262
                        Exhibit 1

Precision Midwest UAS Field Operations Protocol

         Precision Midwest's ("PMW") field sUAS operational procedures and conduct are listed
below in order to meet the goal of operating at the highest safety levels:

                 1. Field operations will be comprised of a 2-person UAS team, the Pilot-In-Command, and
                      forward observer who will act as a field safety technician.

                 2. PMW staff will refrain from using, or operating, mobile phones and other distraction
                      devices during pre-flight, in-flight, and post-flight aircraft checks until the aircraft is
                      recovered and deemed "disarmed" for the auto-pilot system. The only exception would
                      be if there is an emergency in the field during flight that would require the immediate use
                      of mobile phones, as required by the situation.

                 3. When possible, all mission planning will be done before the UAS crew arrives on site, in
                      addition, potential site obstructions will be researched to prevent any in-air collisions with
                      other tall objects, ie towers, stacks, etc. A project site COA document will be confirmed
                      and the flight crew will have a hardcopy of this document in the field for visual inspection,
                      if requested.

                 4. As part of pre-flight, the PMW field crew will fully inspect all UAS equipment items,
                      including aircraft, batteries, controller and communication link device to ensure all items
                      are in good working order without any damage or missing parts that could pose a
                      potential in-flight safety issue. Items found to be damaged will be marked accordingly
                      for replacement or repair and a backup item will be used accordingly.

                 5. Additionally, as part of pre-flight the site to be aerial mapped will be checked visually to
                      confirm no new obstacles have been placed that would potentially pose a safety risk for
                      the planned take-off and landing zone areas. Both the landing zone and take-off areas
                      will be physically marked in person use the included GPS-enabled tablet controller to
                      confirm and mark locations for safe UAS take-off and landing. A secondary landing-
                      zone, or backup, will be also marked in a separate area before UAS launch to offer an
                      emergency backup landing location if the primary landing zone is deemed unsafe during
                      flight and the P.I.C. can switch to the backup landing location.

                 6. A simulated flight will be performed in the field as part of pre-flight in order to confirm the
                      proper flight line entry and flight path of the sUAV will not interfere with any avoidance
                      zones entered into the flight planning software. The P.I.C. will confirm the landing zone
                      glide paths for both landing zones are clear and meet minimum clearance
                      recommendations by Trimble for width, length and obstacle clearance height in the glide
                      path.

                 7. The Trimble Access Aerial Imaging field controller software includes a complete step-by-
                      step preflight checklist which will be read aloud by the P.I.C. and performed by the field
                      observer, and confirmed by the P.I.C. before proceeding to the next step.
                            a. Please refer to attached PDF "Aerial Imaging User Guide Ver2.0", Chapters 3
                                 and 4, which detail the steps followed for equipment safety checks and pre and
                                 post-flight detailed checklists.

                 8. During flight, the P.I.C. will use the tablet controller to observe aircraft progress,
                      communication and power status and be aware of any potential objects that enter the

Page 8

        FAA Docket No. FAA-2015-2262
                      flight block area. A 2-way radio may be in use to communicate with the forward
                      observer, as needed, or with local ATC, or local airspace in order to communicate as
                      needed with other pilots in the area to ensure safety for everyone.

                 9. The forward observer will visually track the sUAV from take-off to landing and inform the
                      P.I.C. of any safety concerns or flight plan deviations they observe. If deemed
                      necessary the P.I.C. has ability to divert the sUAV in-flight to alternate locations to hold,
                      climb, or descend to ensure clearance and safety. In an emergency situation the P.I.C.
                      has the ability to abort the flight and the sUAV will immediately spiral down to the ground
                      to clear the airspace quickly.

                 10. As part of post-flight both P.I.C. and forward observer will first visually inspect the sUAV
                      and confirm it has been successfully "disarmed" by the P.I.C. before removing it from the
                      landing zone to ensure the autopilot and electric motor have been fully disengaged.

                 11. Trimble Access Aerial Imaging field software on the control tablet also includes a post-
                      flight routine checklist to download all flight logs, aerial images and remove power supply
                      from the aircraft completely. Both P.I.C. and forward observer will jointly complete the
                      post-flight routine and verbally confirm each step.

                 12. Items that have have been damaged during the landing will be documented, removed
                      and replaced, or serviced, before the next flight will occur.

                 13. A sUAV log book will be part of the PMW kit for flight log tracking, service tracking and
                      record the P.I.C. and forward observer for each flight.

                 14. The manufacturer guidelines for replacing the complete sUAV body, or wing, will be
                      adhered to, which is typically after 100-200 landings for the UX5 and UX5 HP wing
                      bodies. The eBox will be transferred to the new wing, and pre-flight testing will confirm
                      full and proper functionality of the new wing prior to launch.

                 15. At least annually, PMW UAS flight crew personnel will go through recursive safety and
                      software training to ensure crews understand new software workflows and proper safety
                      procedures are followed at all times.

All Pilot-In-Command PMW staff will hold a FAA Sport's pilot, or Private Pilot, license as well as will have
successfully completed the four (4) day Trimble Certified UX5 Remote Operator Pilot training program.

                                               Exhibit 2:

Please refer to attached PDF "UX5 Maintenance Guide Feb 2015" which details how to properly service
and replace parts of the UX5 and UX5 HP which are needed

                                               Exhibit 3:

Please refer to attached PDF " Aerial Imaging User Guide Ver2.0" which details how to properly setup
and execute a safe and proper aerial flight mission. Sample screen shots and equipment pictures are
included as visual references for the P.I.C. and forward observer staff to ensure they clearly understand
how to carry out the instructions, as directed by the manufacturer.

End of document

                 Page 9

                         FAA Docket No. FAA-2015-2262
