June 9, 2015

                                                          Exemption No. 11784
                                                          Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­0288

Mr. Ryan Swakon
Managing Member
Precision Unmanned Aerial, LLC
1056 Snidow Drive
West Linn, OR 97068

Dear Mr. Swakon:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

The Basis for Our Decision

By letter dated January 29, 2015,1 you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA)
on behalf of Precision Unmanned Aerial, LLC (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an
exemption. The exemption would allow the petitioner to operate an unmanned aircraft system
(UAS) to conduct aerial photography for yachts, land surveying, real estate, and, search
operations.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

1 By letter posted to the public docket on June 2, 2015, the petitioner requested to remove closed-set filming
from its proposed operation.
                                                                                                2

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner are the DJI Phantom 2, DJI Inspire 1, and DJI S1000.

In accordance with the statutory criteria provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in
reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited
operating area associated with the aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation
has determined that this aircraft meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA
finds that relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts,
Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing
requirements of part 36, is not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Precision Unmanned Aerial, LLC is granted an
exemption from 14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a),
91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and
91.417(a) and (b), to the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform
aerial data collection. This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.
                                                                                            3

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Precision Unmanned Aerial, LLC is hereafter referred to as
the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom 2,
    DJI Inspire 1, and DJI S1000 when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload.
    Proposed operations of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to
    amend this exemption.

2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
    not permitted.

3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
    exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
    compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
    airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
    aircraft manufacturer.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.

    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
    electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC must
    be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
    required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
                                                                                                            4

    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update or
    revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then the
    operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's UAS
    Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding updates or
    revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g. replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g. inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.
                                                                                                            5

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.
                                                                                                            6

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating. These
    documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

    The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
    nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
    reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
    contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.
                                                                                                                 7

 If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
 television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                    8

This exemption terminates on June 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.
Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
                  Precision Unmanned Aerial, LLC
                              1056 Snidow Dr

                      West Linn, Oregon 97068

                               305-218-5954

January 29, 2015

U.S. Department of Transportation
Docket Management System
1200 New Jersey Ave., SE
Washington DC 20590

Re: Exemption Request Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Reform Act and Part 11 of the
Federal Aviation Regulations from: 14 CFR 61.113{a) & (b); 91.7 (a); 91.103; 91.119{c); 91.121;
91.151{a); 91.405{a); 91.407(a)(1); 91.409 (a)(1) and {2}; 91.417{a) & (b).

Dear Sir or Madam:

I am the Precision Unmanned Aerial {PUA), LLC, managing member, and currently the Director
of Operations on a Part 135 certificate. I hold three airline transport pilot ratings (ASEL, MSEL,
Rotorcraft) and have been conducting the types of operations of interest to PUA, LLC in
conventional aircraft for several years. We operate Precision Unmanned Aerial, LLC at the
highest level of safety possible while lowering the operational risks to the public. One of our
main goals is to bring awareness to the general public and noncommercial operators about safe
UAS operation. We are currently working on computer based software to help operators who
are not pilots understand the National Airspace System (NAS) so they will not violate airspace
when flying recreationally. We believe all UAS noncommercial operators should be required to
complete some kind of educational course upon purchase of a UAS. We look forward to helping
the FAA with any research needed for establishing UAS rules and regulations.

Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (the "Reform Act")
and 14 C.F.R. Part 11, Precision Unmanned Aerial, LLC, an operator of Unmanned Aircraft
Systems ("UAS") specializing in aerial photography for: yacht photography, land surveying, real
estate photography, motion picture and television industry and search operations is applying
for an exemption from the Federal Aviation Regulations ("FARs") to allow commercial operation
of its UASs, so long as such operations are conducted within and under the conditions outlined
herein or as may be established by the FAA as required by Section 333. As described below, the
U.S. Department of Transportation
February 2, 2015
Page - 2 -

requested exemption would permit the operation of small UAS under controlled conditions.
Approval of this exemption would thereby enhance safety and fulfill the Secretary of
Transportation's (the FAA Administrator's) responsibilities to " ...establish requirements for the
safe operation of such aircraft systems in the national airspace system." Section 333(c) of the
Reform Act.

The name and address of the applicant is:

Name:     Precision Unmanned Aerial, LLC
Attn:     Ryan Swakon
Email:    rswakon@precisionunmannedaerial.com
Address:  1056 Snidow Dr
          West Linn, OR. 97068
Phone:    305-218-5954

Regulations from which the exemption is requested:

         · 61.113(a) & (b)
         · 91.7 (a)
         · 91.103

          · 91.119(c)

         · 91.121
         · 91.151(a)
         · 91.203(a) & (b)
         · 91.405(a)
         · 91.407(a)(1)

          · 91.409 (a)(1) & (2)

         · 91.417(a)&(b)

This exemption application is expressly submitted to fulfill Congress' goal in passing Section

333(a) through (c) of the Reform Act. This law directs the Secretary of Transportation to

consider whether certain unmanned aircraft systems may operate safely in the national
airspace system (NAS) before completion of the rulemaking required under Section 332 of the
Reform Act. In making this determination, the Secretary is required to determine which types of
UAS do not create a hazard to users of the NAS or the public or pose a threat to national
security in light of the following:
U.S. Department of Transportation
February 2, 2015
Page- 3-

           · The UAS's size, weight, speed, and operational capability
           · Operation of the UAS in close proximity to airports and populated areas
           · Operation of the UAS within visual line of sight of the operator.

Reform Act§ 333 (a). Lastly, if the Secretary determines that such vehicles "may operate safely
in the national airspace system, the Secretary shall establish requirements for the safe
operation of such aircraft in the national airspace system." Id. §333(c).

The Federal Aviation Act expressly grants the FAA the authority to issue exemptions. This
statutory authority by its terms includes exempting civil aircraft, as the term is defined under
§40101 of the Act, and UASs from the requirement that all civil aircraft must have a current
airworthiness certificate. The Administrator may grant an exemption from a requirement of a
regulation prescribed under subsection (a) or (b) ofthis section or any sections 44702-44716 of
this title if the Administrator finds the exemption in the public interest. 49 U.S. C. §44701(f) See
also 49 USC §44711(a); 49 USC §44704; 14 CFR §91.203 (a) (1).

Such operations will insure that the UAS will not create a hazard to users of the national
airspace system or the public. Given the small size of Precision Unmanned Aerial, llC UASs and
the environment within which they will operate, Precision Unmanned Aerial, llC UAS
operations adhere to the Reform Act's safety requirements. Additionally, approval ofthis
application presents no national security issues. Based on the substantial level of safety
surrounding the proposed operations, and the significant public benefit (enhanced safety),
reduction in environmental impacts (reduced emissions and noise), the grant of the requested
exemption is in the public interest. Accordingly, Precision Unmanned Aerial, LLC respectfully
requests that the FAA grant the requested exemption without delay.

AIRCRAFT AND EQUIVALENT LEVEL OF SAFETY

           Precision Unmanned Aerial, LLC currently operates two different types of UASs and has
plans to add an additional model to our fleet the second quarter 2015.

      · DJI Phantom 2 (Currently)
      · DJI Inspire 1 (Currently)
      · DJI SlOOO (SQ- 2015)

    Both the Phantom 2 and the Inspire 1 are highly successful consumer grade UAS
Quadcopters designed to carry a high definition (HD) camera powered by four electric motors.
It utilizes an internal inertial measuring unit (IMU) with integrated barometric sensor
U.S. Department of Transportation
February 2, 2015
Page- 4-

augmented with global positioning system (GPS) to maintain its geospatial orientation and
position. It is controlled primarily through an FCC certified radio control (RC) unit. Real time
video and telemetry information is transmitted back to a ground control station allowing the
operator and/or PIC to monitor battery level, GPS signal strength, altitude (AGL), distance from
PIC, camera imagery, and control camera angle. It has failsafe modes of operation for either
loss of RC or GPS signal. Altitude can be limited by the on board flight controller system and
maximum altitude can be preprogrammed by the PIC. The flight controller/ipad will warn the
pilot via telemetry and external lighting cues before reaching a low battery state. An automatic
termination of flight and landing will be initiated when the battery reaches a predetermined
low state.

All UAS operations conducted by Precision Unmanned Aerial, LLC will:

· Weigh less than 55 pounds, including the payload (i.e. camera, lens, and gimbal).

· Operate at speeds of no more than 50 knots, can hover, and can simultaneously move
         vertically and horizontally.

· Only operate its UAS in line of sight of the operator (PIC).

· Limit each operational flight to 30 minutes or less. Flights will be terminated at 25%
         battery power reserve should that occur prior to the 30 minute limit.

· Operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet AGL.

· Be operated by a FAA licensed airman with at least a private pilot's certificate and third
         class medical.

· Be operated at a lateral distance of at least 100 feet from any inhabited structures,
         buildings, vehicles, vessels, or people not associated with the operation or who have not
         signed a waiver in advance of the operation.

· Require operators (PIC) to check for any Temporary Flight Restrictions (TFR) by calling
         1800 WX Brief and a current sectional chart for the area of operation to make sure they
         will not violate National Airspace System (NAS).
U.S. Department of Transportation
February 2, 2015
Page- 5-

· Have the capability to return to a pre-determined location if the UAS loses
         communications or loses its GPS signal

· Have the ability to communicate if needed by Radio or Phone. Operators (PIC) during all
          UAS operation have the local Flight Standards District Offices (FSDO) and the closest
         airport control towers phone number and frequency.

· Be entered and tracked in our aircraft management software. The software tracks all of
         the components of the UAS as well as flight time for the UAS and pilot. It will not allow
         maintenance to be overflown, thereby enhancing the safety of the program.

DISCUSSION OF EXCEPTIONS REQUESTED

14 C.F.R. § 61.113{a) and (b): Private Pilot Privileges and limitations: Pilot in Command

         Sections 61.113 (a) and {b) limit private pilots to non-commercial operations. Because
         the UAS will not carry a pilot or passengers, the proposed operations can achieve the
         equivalent level of safety of current operations by requiring the PIC operating the aircraft
         to have a private pilot's license rather than a commercial pilot's license to operate a
         small UAS.

Unlike a conventional manned aircraft, a UAS is remotely controlled by a ground-based
Operator. The operational area is controlled and restricted, and all flights are planned and
coordinated in advance. The level of safety exceeds that provided by a single individual holding
a commercial pilot's certificate operating a conventional aircraft. The risks associated with the
use of a UAS are so diminished from the level of risk associated with commercial operations
contemplated by Part 61 allowing UAS use by a private pilot as the PIC exceeds the present
level of safety sought by 14 C.F.R. §61.113 (a) and (b).

14 C.F.R. § 91.7 (a) Civil aircraft airworthiness

     (a) No person may operate a civil aircraft unless it is in an airworthy condition.

Since no FAA regulatory standard exists for determining airworthiness of the UAS, the
regulation will need an exemption. Precision Unmanned Aerial, LLC compliance with our
operating documents will be sufficient means for determining an airworthy condition.
U.S. Department of Transportation
February 2, 2015
Page- 6-

14 C.F.R. § 91.103: Preflight Action

         Section 91.103 requires each pilot to preflight an aircraft before flight to insure the
         safety offlight.

As FAA approved rotorcraft flight manuals will not be used, an exemption is requested.
However, an equivalent level of safety will be provided. The PIC will take all actions, including
reviewing weather, flight battery requirements, Notices to Airmen (NOTAM), landing and
takeoff distances, and aircraft performance data before commencement of flight.

14 C.F.R. §91.119(c): Minimum Safe Altitudes

Section 91.119 establishes safe altitudes for operation of civil aircraft. Section 91.119 provides,
in pertinent part, that:

     "... except when necessary for takeoff or landing, no person may operate an aircraft below
     the following altitudes: .....

          (b) Over other than congested areas. An altitude of 500 feet above the surface, except
               over open water or sparsely populated areas. In those cases, the aircraft may not be
               operated closer than 500 feet to any person, vessel, vehicle, or structure."

 Because Precision Unmanned Aerial, LLC requests authority to operate at altitudes only up to
400 AGL, an exemption is needed to allow such operations.

14 C.F.R. §91.121 Altimeter Settings

This regulation requires each person operating an aircraft to maintain cruising altitude by
reference to an altimeter that is set:

          "... to the elevation of the departure airport or an appropriate altimeter setting available
         before departure."

As the UAS may not have a barometric altimeter, but instead a GPS altitude read out, an
exemption may be needed. An equivalent level of safety will be achieved by the operator,
pursuant to the safety check list and live flight data monitoring, confirming the altitude of the
launch site shown on the GPS altitude indicator before flight.

14 C.F.R. § 91.151(a): Fuel Requirements for Flight in VFR Conditions

Section 91.151 (a) prohibits an individual from beginning:
U.S. Department of Transportation
February 2, 2015
Page - 7-

          "a flight in an airplane under VFR conditions unless (considering wind and forecast
         weather conditions) there is enough fuel to fly to the first point of intended landing, and,
         assuming normal cruising speed- (1) During the day, to fly after that far at least 30
         minutes; or (2} At night, to fly after that for at least 45 minutes."

The battery powering the UAS provides approximately 30 minutes of powered flight. To meet
the 30 minute reserve requirement in 14 CFR §91.151, sUASflights would be limiting factor.
Given the limitations on the UAS on exemption may be needed.

14 C.F.R. §91.203 (a) and (b): Carrying Civil Aircraft Certification and Registration

The regulation provides in pertinent part:

         (a) Except as provided in§ 91.715, no person may operate o civil aircraft unless it has
         within it the following: {1} on appropriate and current airworthiness certificate.

         {b) No person may operate o civil aircraft unless the airworthiness certificate required by
         paragraph (a) of this section or a special flight authorization issued under §91. 715 is
         displayed at the cabin or cockpit entrance so that it is legible to passengers or crew.

The UAS fully loaded weigh is no more than 55 lbs and is operated without an on board pilot. As
such, there is no ability or place to carry certification and registration documents or to display
them on the UASs. An equivalent level of safety will be achieved by keeping these documents at
the ground control point where the controller (PIC) of the UAS will have immediate access to
them, to the extent they are applicable to the UAS.

14 C.F.R. §91.405 (a); 407 (a) (1); 409 (a) (2); 417(a) & (b): Maintenance Inspections

These regulations require that an aircraft operator or owner:

          "shall have that aircraft inspected as prescribed in subpart E of this part and shall
         between required inspections, except as provided in paragraph (c) of this section, have
         discrepancies repaired as prescribed in part 43 of this chapter...," and others shall
         inspect or maintain the aircraft in compliance with Part 43.

Given that these section and Part 43 apply only to aircraft with an airworthiness certificate,
these sections will not apply to the applicant. Maintenance will be accomplished by the
operator pursuant to the flight manual and operating handbook. An equivalent level of safety
will be achieved because these UAS are very limited in size and will carry a small payload. If
mechanical issues arise the UAS can land immediately and will be operating from no higher
than 400 feet AGL. The operator will ensure that the UAS is in working order prior to initiating
U.S. Department of Transportation
February 2, 2015
Page - 8 -

flight, perform required maintenance, and keep a log book of any maintenance performed as
well as track all flight hours. The operator is the person most familiar with the aircraft and best
suited to maintain the aircraft in an airworthy condition to provide the equivalent level of
safety. An equivalent level of safety will be achieved because maintenance and inspections will
be performed in accordance with the UAS Manufacturer's Manual, as referenced in the Aircraft
Operations Manual. As provided in the Operations Manual, the operator will ensure that the
UAS is in working order prior to initiating flight and perform required maintenance needed.

SUMMARY FOR PUBLICATION

Precision Unmanned Aerial, LLC seeks an exemption from the following rules:

          14 CFR 61.113(a) & (b); 91.7 (a); 91.103;91.119(c); 91.121; 91.151(a); 91.405(a);
          91.407(a)(1); 91.409 (a)(1) and (2); 91.417(a) &(b).

To operate commercially small unmanned vehicle (SSibs or less) in yacht photography, land
surveying, real estate photography, motion picture and television industry and search
operations. Approval of exemptions allowing UASs commercial operations in the areas list
above will enhance safety by reducing risk. A UAS weighing fewer than 55 lbs. and powered by
batteries eliminates virtually all of that risk given the reduced mass and lack of combustible fuel
carried on board traditional aircraft performing the same function. The UAS will carry no
passengers or crew and, therefore, will not expose them to the risks associated with manned
aircraft flights. The operation of small UAS conducted in the strict conditions outlined above,
will provide an equivalent level of safety supporting the grant of the exemptions requested
herein, including exempting the applicant from the requirements of Part 21 and allowing
commercial operations. These UASs operate at very slow speeds, close to the ground, as a
result, are far safer than conventional operations conducted with turbine helicopters operating
in close proximity to the ground and people.

Privacy

All flights will occur over private or controlled areas with the property owner's prior consent
and knowledge. Filming will be only of people who have given their consent or otherwise have
agreed to be in the area where filming will take place. Satisfaction of the criteria provided in
Section 333 of the Reform Act of 2012 (size, weight, speed, operating capabilities, proximity to
airports and populated areas and operation within visual line of sight and national security)
provide more than adequate justification to grant Precision Unmanned Aerial, LLC requested
exemption.
U.S. Department of Transportation
February 2, 2015
Page - 9-

  If you have any questions or need any additional information, please contact me at 305-218-
5954 or rswakon@precisionunmannedaerial.com

Sincerely,
Precision Unmanned Aerial, LLC

        / ~f

          ~·

               on/ -
Managing Member
