August 18, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12495
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­0629

Mr. Matthew Johnson
Founder
Prestige Aerial
14711 Burtons Oak
San Antonio, TX 78254

Dear Mr. Johnson:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letters dated March 11, 2015 and July 8, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation
Administration (FAA) on behalf of Prestige Aerial (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an
exemption. The petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to
conduct aerial photography and videography.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner are the 3D Robotics IRIS+, 3D Robotics Aero, and 3D
Robotics X8+.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
                                                                                                                 2

provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Prestige Aerial is granted an exemption from 14 CFR
§§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121,
91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to the
extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                             3

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Prestige Aerial is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the 3D Robotics
    IRIS+, 3D Robotics Aero, and 3D Robotics X8+ when weighing less than 55 pounds
    including payload. Proposed operations of any other aircraft will require a new
    petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
    not permitted.

3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
    exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
    compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
    airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
    aircraft manufacturer.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.

    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
    electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
    must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
    required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
                                                                                                            4

    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.
                                                                                                            5

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.
                                                                                                            6

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

    The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
    nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
    reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
    contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.
                                                                                                                 7

 If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
 television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                      8

This exemption terminates on August 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,
/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
March 11, 2015

US Department of Transportation
Docket Management System 1200
New Jersey Ave., SE Washington,
DC 20590

Re: Exemption Request under Section 333 of the FAA Reform Act and Part 11 of the
Federal Aviation Regulations

Dear Sir or Madam:

    Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 and the
requirements contained within 14 C.F.R. Part 11, Prestige Aerial requests an exemption from
Federal Aviation Regulations (FARs) detailed below for the 3D Robotics Inc. (3DR) IRIS+, Aero
and X8+ unmanned aircraft systems.

    The requested exemption would support an application for a commercial Certificate of
Authorization to provide aerial photography and videography services. The 3DR IRIS+, Aero and
X8+ vehicles all utilize the same internal electronics and flight systems for consistency and
compatibility, with the difference being different airframe configurations adapted for specialized
applications and environments. Each vehicle carries a geo-referenced camera that allows it to
conduct precision photography and videography services.

    The managing principal of our company, and UAV pilot, is an FAA Certified Single Engine
Land ("ASEL") private pilot with experience in both certificated and experimental aircraft. He
has extensive experience in flight operations in the National Airspace System ("NAS") and is a
member of the Aircraft Owners and Pilots Association ("AOPA"), the Experimental Aircraft
Association ("EAA"), and the Academy of Model Aeronautics ("AMA"). In addition, he has
participated in numerous FAA Safety seminars earning credits towards the WINGS Pilot
Proficiency Program over the last 9 years.

    The unmanned aircraft included in this exemption will be operated in the field with both a
Pilot in Command (PIC) and a ground-based Visual Observer (VO) in accordance with the FAA
Policy N 8900.227 Section 14 "Operational Requirements for UAS" with the following additional
operating restrictions:

    1. All operations will occur in Class G airspace at no more than 400ft AGL
    2. Operations will be operated over private property with the permission of the land owner
    3. All required permits will be obtained from state and local government prior to operation
    4. The aircraft will not be operated over urban or populated areas
    5. The aircraft will not be operated at air shows or over an open-air assembly of people
    6. The aircraft will not be operated over heavily trafficked roads
    7. Operations will be limited to day and visual meteorological conditions ("VMC")

                                                                 Page 1
    8. Aircraft will remain within visual line of sight at all times
    9. While the aircraft is airborne, the VO will be positioned within voice distance to the PIC
    10. PIC will file a NOTAM providing radial/DME, radius, and a date/time group for each

        operation
The PIC and VO will meet the requirements outlined in the FAA Policy N 8900.227 Section 16
Personnel Qualifications. The PIC and VO will perform maintenance on the system along with
completing an in-service on maintenance, safety procedures, and operator conduct (See
Attachments) as part of their initial training. We do not anticipate the need for a supplemental
pilot, due to the simplicity of the system.
We submit that the combination of strict operation under the guidelines established in 8900.227
and the aircraft's light weight, historically demonstrated flight performance, and a fully qualified
flight crew, the FAA can have confidence that the operation will have an equivalent or greater
level of safety of a manned aircraft performing the same mission.
The name and contact information of the applicant are:
Prestige Aerial
Attn: Matthew Johnson
Phone: 210-509-7777
Email: mjohnson@prestigeaerial.com
The regulations from which the exemption is requested are as follows:

         14 CFR Part 21
         14 CFR 91.203
         14 CFR 45.23, 45.29
         14 CFR 91.9
         14 CFR 61.113(a) & (b), 61.133(a)
         14 CFR 91.109, 91.119
         14 CFR 91.121, 91.151
         14 CFR Subpart E (91.401-91.417)
        FAA Policy 8900.227 Paragraph 16(c)(4) and Paragraph 16(e)(1)
We are prepared to modify or amend any part of this request to satisfy the need for an equivalent
level of safety. We look forward to hearing from your office. Please contact us at any time.

                                                             Sincerely,

                                                             Matthew Johnson
                                                             Founder, Prestige Aerial

                                                                 Page 2
Appendices:
    A. Exemption Request and Equivalent Level of Safety
    B. Safety Guidelines (Safety Check Procedure)
    C. Safety Log
    D. UAV Operator Guidelines & Code of Conduct
    E. Operations Manual IRIS+
    F. Flight Checklist IRIS+
    G. Maintenance Procedures IRIS+ and X8+
    H. Operations Manual X8+
    I. Flight Checklist X8+
    J. Operations Manual Aero
    K. Flight Checklist Aero
    L. Maintenance Procedures Aero
    M. Flight Log

                                                                 Page 3
July 08, 2015
US Department of Transportation
Docket Management System 1200
New Jersey Ave., SE Washington,
DC 20590
Re: Amendment to Exemption Request - Public Interest Statement for Docket No. FAA-
2015-0629
Dear Sir or Madam:

    In response to your letter dated June 29th, I am submitting the following Public interest
addendum per your request as required under 14 C.F.R. Part 11, Subpart A, Section
11.81(d)&(e):
How Prestige Aerials Request Will Benefit the Public As A Whole

    Aerial photography and videography for has been around for a long time through manned
fixed-wing aircraft and helicopters. The introduction of UAS increases public safety since
size and lack of combustible fuel alleviates many of the potential threats to the public
inherent to full-size aircraft. Congress has already proclaimed that it is in the public's interest
to integrate commercially flown UAS's into the National Airspace System, hence the passing
of the Reform Act. Granting Prestige Aerial's exemption request furthers the public interest
in the following ways:

    1) Agriculturally ­ Specialized imagery obtained from our vehicles provides critical
           on-going and real-time information on crop health allowing farmers to target
           problems in only specific areas of the crop, reducing both water consumption and
           pesticide use over traditional blanketed remediation efforts.

    2) Inspections ­ Photography from UAS used for inspection purposes mitigates many
           dangers to individuals working at height and in dangerous environments; it further
           reduces downtime that could effect whole communities for high voltage utility and
           cellular tower inspections as these could now be performed while the system is live.

    My ultra lightweight UAS is battery powered and creates no emissions that can harm the
environment. The consequence of my ultra lightweight UAS crashing is far less than a full
size helicopter or fixed wing aircraft; which are heavy, contain combustible fuel and can
cause catastrophic devastation to the public.

                                                             Sincerely,

                                                             Matthew Johnson
                                                             Founder, Prestige Aerial
