April 8, 2015

                                                          Exemption No. 11307
                                                          Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2014­1018

Mr. Christopher Lawler
Price Aviation Group
422 Blossom Lane
Frederick, MD 21701

Dear Mr. Lawler:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

The Basis for Our Decision

By letter dated December 6, 2014, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA)
on behalf of Price Aviation Group (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption. The
exemption would allow the petitioner to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to
conduct aerial photography and inspection.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is the 3DR X8+.
                                                                                                                 2

In accordance with the statutory criteria provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in
reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited
operating area associated with the aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation
has determined that this aircraft meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA
finds that relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts,
Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing
requirements of part 36, is not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

· They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

· The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

· A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Price Aviation Group is granted an exemption from
14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c),
91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to
the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Price Aviation Group is hereafter referred to as the operator.
                                                                                                                 3

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the 3DR X8+ when
         weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any other
         aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC must
         be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
         documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
         Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
         limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
         the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
         Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
         documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
         operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
         documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
                                                                                                            4

    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update or
    revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then the
    operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's UAS
    Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding updates or
    revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g. replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g. inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and aircraft
    components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer safety
    bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
                                                                                                            5

    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current FAA-
    published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a pre-
    determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification (N-
    Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must be
    as large as practicable.
                                                                                                               6

   23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
       any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
       PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating. These
       documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
       official upon request.

   24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
       activities at all times.

   25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

   26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
       persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
          a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
             from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
             that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
             where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
             the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
             of nonparticipating persons; and
          b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
             for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
             the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
             present an undue hazard.

       The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
       nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

   27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
       permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
       Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
       obtained for each flight to be conducted.

   28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
       boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
       to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
       reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
       contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

   29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
       as documented in this grant of exemption.
                                                                                                                 7

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.

This exemption terminates on April 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,

/s/
John Barbagallo
Acting Deputy Director, Flight Standards Service
                                                                                             Price  Aviation  Group   1  
                                                                         Small  UAS  Petition  for  Exemption  

              IN THE MATTER OF THE PETITION FOR EXEMPTION OF:
 PRICE AVIATION GROUP FOR AN EXEMPTION SEEKING RELIEF FROM THE

                                        REQUIREMENTS OF
                 TITLE 14 OF THE CODE OF FEDERAL REGULATIONS

                           CONCERNING OPERATION OF SMALL
       UNMANNED AIRCRAFT SYSTEMS PURSUANT TO SECTION 333 OF
THE FAA MODERNIZATION AND REFORM ACT OF 2012 (PUBLIC LAW 112-95)

                                                                     Submitted on December 6, 2014
                                                                                     Christopher Lawler

                                                                                  Price Aviation Group
                                                                                       422 Blossom Ln.

                                                                                  Frederick, MD 21701
                                                               Price  Aviation  Group   2  
                                            Small  UAS  Petition  for  Exemption  

AGL                               GLOSSARY
ATC   Above Ground Level
COA   Air Traffic Control
FAA   Certificate of Authorization
FAR   Federal Aviation Administration
GCS   Federal Aviation Regulation
NAS   Ground Control Station
PIC   National Airspace System
sUAS  Pilot In Command
VFR   Small Unmanned Aircraft System
VMC   Visual Flight Rules
VO    Visual Meteorological Conditions
VLOS  Visual Observer
      Visual Line of Sight
                                                    Price  Aviation  Group   3  
                                 Small  UAS  Petition  for  Exemption  

                    TABLE OF CONTENTS

GLOSSARY                                                      2

SUMMARY                                                       3

BACKGROUND                                                    3

BASIS FOR PETITION                                            5

NAME AND ADDRESS OF PETITIONER                                5

THE SPECIFIC SECTIONS OF 14 C.F.R. FROM WHICH PRICE AVIATION

GROUP SEEKS EXEMPTION                                         5-9

THE EXTENT OF RELIEF PRICE AVIATION GROUP SEEKS AND THE       9-11
REASON PRICE AVIATION GROUP SEEKS THE RELIEF

THE REASONS WHY GRANTING PRICE AVIATION GROUPS REQUEST

WOULD BE IN THE PUBLIC INTEREST                               11

THE REASONS WHY GRANTING THE EXEMPTION WOULD NOT              11-15
ADVERSELY AFFECT SAFETY

SUMMARY THAT CAN BE PUBLISHED IN THE FEDERAL REGISTER 15

CONCLUSION                                                    15
                                                              Price  Aviation  Group   4  
                                           Small  UAS  Petition  for  Exemption  

                                              SUMMARY

         Price Aviation Group (PAG) seeks exemption to operate a sUAS under Section
333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012. This exemption will allow PAG
to operate a UAS for the purposes of aerial photography and inspection in a controlled,
sterile environment. PAG will be operating a proven airframe to accomplish flights with
an equivalent or better level of safety to manned operations.

                                           BACKGROUND

         PAG is a company focused on cost-effective, safe solutions to aerial inspections
and photography. The company principal is an Airline Transport Pilot and former Line
Check airmen with an accreditation from the American Association of Airport Executives
as a Certified Member. Having firsthand knowledge of the National Airspace system
from the ground and in the air gives PAG an advantage in operating small UAS. In
addition to flying professionally and understanding airport management, the principal
also has experience in Radio Control (R/C) operations. R/C operations similar to
professional flying require a standard of care to operate safely from checklists to post-
flight review. The standards in PAG operations will mirror Part 121 operations.

         Each flight will be carefully coordinated to ensure safe operations as described in
exemptions that have been granted and included in this petition. In any aviation
operation, the discipline to ensure a safe operation needs to the first priority. PAG will
only conduct flights where the environment can be controlled and no hazard to the public
can occur. This will be accomplished through use of the procedures detailed in this
document.

         PAG will be using tried and true technology from 3DR to perform appropriate
missions. The 3DR product includes redundancy required by previous exemptions.
Information on the sUAS will be included as an appendix to this document. The
technology that is available from this company includes the necessary restrictions on
performance to comply with FAA requirements:

     X8+ Operating Limits

Maximum   Altitude*                      100  m  (328   ft)  
Range*                                    300  m  (984  ft)  from  launch  point  
GPS  Lock                                GPS  lock  required  at  all   times  
Maximum  estimated  flight    time    15 m  in  
                                                                        Price  Aviation  Group   5  
                                                     Small  UAS  Petition  for  Exemption  

Payload   capacity    800 g   (  1.7 l  bs)  

                           (Appendix)

                                   BASIS FOR THE PETITION

         In accordance with 14 C.F.R. § 11.81, PAG provides the following information in
support of its petition for exemption:

A. Name And Address Of The Petitioner.

         The name and address of the Petitioner is:

         Price Aviation Group
         422 Blossom Ln.
         Frederick, MD 21701

         Specific contact information:

         Christopher Lawler
         422 Blossom Ln.
         Frederick, MD 21701
         Tel: 570-850-8924
         Email: clawler@priceav.com

B. The Specific Sections Of 14 C.F.R. From Which PAG Seeks Exemption

      1. Section 61.113(a) and (b) prescribes that--

                (a) No person who holds a private pilot certificate may act as a pilot in
                     command of an aircraft that is carrying passengers or property for
                     compensation or hire; nor may that person, for compensation or hire,
                     act as pilot in command of an aircraft.

                (b) A private pilot may, for compensation or hire, act as pilot in command
                     of an aircraft in connection with any business or employment if:

                         (1) The flight is only incidental to that business or employment;
                              and

                         (2) The aircraft does not carry passengers or property for
                                                                                      Price  Aviation  Group   6  
                                                                   Small  UAS  Petition  for  Exemption  

                       compensation or hire.

2. Section 91.103 prescribes, in pertinent part, that each pilot in command shall,
    before beginning a flight, become familiar with all available information
    concerning that flight, to include--

          (a) For a flight under IFR or a flight not in the vicinity of an airport,
              weather reports and forecasts, fuel requirements, alternatives available
              if the planned flight cannot be completed, and any known traffic
              delays ofwhich the pilot in command has been advised by ATC;

          (b) For any flight, runway lengths at airports of intended use, and the
              following takeoff and landing distance information:

                   (1) For civil aircraft for which an approved Airplane or
                       Rotorcraft Flight Manual containing takeoff and landing
                       distance data is required, the takeoff and landing distance
                       data contained therein; and

                   (2) For civil aircraft other than those specified in paragraph
                       (b)(1) of this section, other reliable information appropriate
                       to the aircraft, relating to aircraft performance under
                       expected values of airport elevation and runway slope,
                       aircraft gross weight, and wind and temperature.

3. Section 91.119 prescribes that, except when necessary for takeoff or landing,
    noperson may operate an aircraft below the following altitudes:

          (a) Anywhere. An altitude allowing, if a power unit fails, an
              emergency landing without undue hazard to persons or property
              on the surface.

          (b) Over congested areas. Over any congested area of a city, town, or
              settlement, or over any open air assembly of persons, an altitude of
              1,000 feet above the highest obstacle within a horizontal radius of
              2,000 feet of the aircraft.

          (c) Over other than congested areas. An altitude of 500 feet above the
              surface, except over open water or sparsely populated areas. In those
              cases, the aircraft may not be operated closer than 500 feet to any
              person, vessel, vehicle, or structure.

          (d) Helicopters, powered parachutes, and weight-shift-control aircraft.
                                                                                      Price  Aviation  Group   7  
                                                                   Small  UAS  Petition  for  Exemption  

              If the operation is conducted without hazard to persons or property
              on the surface--

                   (1) A helicopter may be operated at less than the minimums
                       prescribed in paragraph (b) or (c) of this section, provided
                       each person operating the helicopter complies with any routes
                       or altitudes specifically prescribed for helicopters by the FAA;
                       and

                   (2) A powered parachute or weight-shift-control aircraft may be
                       operated at less than the minimums prescribed in paragraph
                       (c) of this section.

4. Section 91.121 requires, in pertinent part, each person operating an aircraft to
    maintain cruising altitude by reference to an altimeter that is set "to the
    elevation of thedeparture airport or an appropriate altimeter setting available
    before departure."

5. Section 91.151(a) prescribes that no person may begin a flight in an airplane
    under VFR conditions unless (considering wind and forecast weather
    conditions) thereis enough fuel to fly to the first point of intended landing
    and, assumingnormal cruising speed, (1) during the day, to fly after that for
    at least 30 minutes; or (2) At night, to fly after that for at least 45 minutes.
    [emphasis added]

6. Section 91.405(a) requires, in pertinent part, that an aircraft operator or owner
    shall have that aircraft inspected as prescribed in subpart E of the same part
    and shall, between required inspections, except as provided in paragraph (c) of
    the same section, have discrepancies repaired as prescribed in part 43 of the
    chapter.

7. Section 91.407(a)(1) prohibits, in pertinent part, any person from operating an
    aircraft that has undergone maintenance, preventive maintenance, rebuilding,
    or alteration unless it has been approved for return to service by a person
    authorized under § 43.7 of the same chapter.

8. Section 91.409(a)(2) prescribes, in pertinent part, that no person may operate an
    aircraft unless, within the preceding 12 calendar months, it has had an
    inspection for the issuance of an airworthiness certificate in accordance with
    part 21 of this chapter.

9. Section 91.417(a) and (b) prescribes, in pertinent part, that--
                                                                           Price  Aviation  Group   8  
                                                       Small  UAS  Petition  for  Exemption  

(a) Each registered owner or operator shall keep the following records
    for the periods specified in paragraph (b) of this section:

         (1) Records of the maintenance, preventive maintenance, and
             alteration and records of the 100-hour, annual, progressive, and
             other required or approved inspections, as appropriate, for each
             aircraft (including the airframe) and each engine, propeller,
             rotor, and appliance of an aircraft. The records must include--

             (i) A description (or reference to data acceptable
                  to the Administrator) of the work performed;
                  and

             (ii) The date of completion of the work performed; and

             (iii) The signature, and certificate number of the person
                   approving the aircraft for return to service.

         (2) Records containing the following information:

              (i) The total time in service of the airframe, each engine,
                   each propeller, and each rotor.

              (ii) The current status of life-limited parts of each airframe,
                   engine, propeller, rotor, and appliance.

              (iii) The time since last overhaul of all items installed on
                    the aircraft which are required to be overhauled on a
                    specified time basis.

              (iv) The current inspection status of the aircraft, including the
                    time since the last inspection required by the inspection
                    program under which the aircraft and its appliances are
                    maintained.

              (v) The current status of applicable airworthiness directives
                   (AD) and safety directives including, for each, the method
                   of compliance, the AD or safety directive number and
                   revision date. If the AD or safety directive involves
                   recurring action, the time and date when the next action is
                   required.
                                                                                             Price  Aviation  Group   9  
                                                                          Small  UAS  Petition  for  Exemption  

                               (vi) Copies of the forms prescribed by § 43.9(d) of this
                                    chapter for each major alteration to the airframe and
                                    currently installed engines, rotors, propellers, and
                                    appliances.

                (b) The owner or operator shall retain the following records for the
                     periods prescribed:

                         (1) The records specified in paragraph (a)(1) of this section shall
                              be retained until the work is repeated or superseded by other
                              work or for 1 year after the work is performed.

                         (2) The records specified in paragraph (a)(2) of this section shall
                              be retained and transferred with the aircraft at the time the
                              aircraft is sold.

                         (3) A list of defects furnished to a registered owner or operator
                             under

                         § 43.11 of this chapter shall be retained until the defects are
                              repaired and the aircraft is approved for return to service.

C. The Extent Of Relief PAG Seeks And The Reason PAG Seeks The Relief.

     A. Section  61.113(a)  and  (b):  

               a. Due  to  the  fact  that  there  are  no  standards  for  private  or  commercial  sUAS    
                    operations,    

               b. Knowledge  of  flight  characteristics  and  the  Federal  Aviation  Regulations  
                    (FARs),  along  with  the  ability  to  physically  manipulate  the  controls  of  the  
                    sUAS  are  the  critical  aspects  of  the  requested  operation.    

               c. The  risks  associated  with  the  operation  of  the  sUAS  are  so  diminished  from  
                    the  standards  that  Part  61  was  written  for  an  equivalent  level  of  safety  can  
                    be  maintained  with  a  private  pilot  certificate.      

               d. 4.    FAA  has  authority  to  waive  pilot  requirements  for  commercial  operations  
                    under  49  U.S.C  §44701(f).  
                      

     B. 14  CFR  §  91.103  ­  Preflight  Action  

                           1. The  PIC  shall  perform  a  preflight  inspection  in  accordance  with  the  
                                manufacturers  recommendations  of  the  UAS,  controller,  and  
                                                                                        Price  Aviation  Group   10  
                                                                    Small  UAS  Petition  for  Exemption  

                           ground  control  station  prior  to  each  flight  to  ensure  it  is  free  of  all  
                           discrepancies.  

                      2. Equivalent  safety  levels  will  be  met  through  preparation  and  
                           compliance  with  the  operator's  manual  and  site  preparation.    

C. 14  CFR  91.119(c)  ­  Requirements  for  Minimum  Safe  Altitudes  for  Civil    
     Aircraft  Operation  

                      1. The  sUAS  will  be  operated  only  within  a  predetermined  area  below    

                        400 feet AGL.

                      2. 2.  An  equivalent  level  of  safety  will  be  maintained.    

D. 14  CFR  91.121  ­  Altimeter  Settings  

                      1. SUAS  may  not  have  a  barometric  altimeter,  and  may  use  a  GPS  
                           altitude  read  out  indication  instead,  so  an  exemption  may  be  
                           needed.  

                      2. The  operator  will  achieve  an  equivalent  level  of  safety  as  the  sUAS  
                           uses  AGL  height  from  its  initialization  (launch)  point,  cross-
                           referenced  with  Mean  Sea  Level  (MSL)  altitude  of  the  launch  point.  

E. CFR  91.151  (a)(1)  ­  Fuel  Requirements  for  Flights  in  VFR  Conditions  

                      1. An  equivalent  level  of  safety  can  be  obtained  by  terminating  the  
                           flight  prior  to  30  minutes  or  25%  battery  power,  whichever  occurs  
                           first.  

                      2. The  UAS  will  not  be  operated  at  night.    

F. 14  CFR  91.405  (a)  Maintenance  Required  

                      1. This  section  and  Part  43  apply  only  to  aircraft  with  an  
                           airworthiness  certificate,  therefore  these  sections  will  not  apply.  

                    2. Maintenance will be accomplished by PAG pursuant to the
                        manufacturer's recommendations.

                      3.  Maintenance,  preventive  maintenance,  rebuilding,  and  alteration  
                          will  be  successfully  accomplished  by  trained  personnel.  

                      4.  The  sUAS  shall  be  discrepancy  free  prior  to  initiating  flight.    
                                                                                             Price  Aviation  Group   11  
                                                                          Small  UAS  Petition  for  Exemption  

                           5.  If  a  mechanical  issue  arises  the  sUAS  can  land  safely  within  the  "Safe  
                           Zone."  
     G. 14  CFR  91.407  (a)  (1)  ­  Operation  After  Maintenance,  Preventive  Maintenance,    
          Rebuilding,  or  Alteration  
                           1. This  section  and  Part  43  apply  only  to  aircraft  with  an  

                                airworthiness  certificate,  therefore  these  sections  will  not  apply.  
     H. 14  CFR  91.409  (a)  (1)  and  (2)  -  Inspections.  

                           1. This  section  and  Part  43  apply  only  to  aircraft  with  an  
                                airworthiness  certificate,  therefore  these  sections  will  not  apply.    

     I. 14  CFR  91.417(a)  and  (b)  ­  Maintenance  Records.  
                           1. This  section  and  Part  43  apply  only  to  aircraft  with  an  
                                airworthiness  certificate,  therefore  these  sections  will  not  apply.  

D. Reasons why granting this request would be in the public interest.

     · PAG  is  a  small  business  that  is  using  the  latest  sUAS  technology.        
     · PAG  will  operate  with  an  equivalent  or  better  level  of  safety.    
     · PAG  will  use  a  sUAS  that  has  proven  operational  history.    
     · PAG  will  use  available  technology  and  knowledge  to  ensure  public  safety  

          continuously  updating  procedures.      

     · PAG  will  only  conduct  flights  where  a  controlled,  sterile  environment  can  be  
          assured.      

E. The Reasons Why Granting The Exemption Would Not Adversely Affect Safety,
Or How The Exemption Would Provide A Level Of Safety At Least Equal To That
Provided By The Rule From Which PAG Seeks Exemption.

     1. PIC and Visual Observer

              a. The PIC shall possess at least a private pilot certificate and at least a
                   current driver's license.
                       i. The PIC shall also meet the flight review requirements
                                                                                  Price  Aviation  Group   12  
                                                              Small  UAS  Petition  for  Exemption  

                  specified in 14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is
                  rated on their pilot certificate.
             ii. The PIC shall be trained in the operation of the specific Make
                  and Model of the UAS being piloted.
            iii. The PIC must have:

                      1. A minimum of 200 flight cycles and 25 hours of total
                           time as a sUAS rotorcraft pilot

                      2. Five hours logged with the make and model utilized

    b. The PIC and Visual Observer (VO) will be designated before each
         flight

              i. Minimum crew for each operation will consist of the PIC and
                  the VO.

    c. The PIC and VO will always be within visual line of sight (VLOS) of
         each other and in direct verbal communication at all times.

    d. Safety Briefings prior to each flight:

              i. Designated roles of PIC and VO
             ii. Risk Management and Mitigation
            iii. PIC and VO will inspect site for safety issues.
            iv. PIC  will  operate  the  UAS  with  appropriate  distance  from  non-

                    participants  in  accordance  with  14  CFR  §  91.119.

2. SUAS Specifications and Design:

    a. All sUAS flown under this exemption shall be less than 55 pounds
         including aircraft and payload.

    b. The radio frequency spectrum used for operation and control of the
         sUAS shall comply with the Federal Communications Commission
         (FCC) or other appropriate government oversight agency requirements.

    c. Maximum speed shall be no more than 50 knots.

    d. The sUAS shall be equipped with Inertial Navigation
         Sensor(s) (IRS/IRU/Accelerometer).

    e. The sUAS shall be equipped with a Compass
         (Magnetometer/Heading Source).
                                                                                  Price  Aviation  Group   13  
                                                              Small  UAS  Petition  for  Exemption  

    f. The sUAS shall be equipped with a Global Positioning System
         (GPS) guidance system.

    g. The sUAS shall have a return to home feature

3. Maintenance

    a. The UAS shall be maintained in accordance with the
         manufacturer's recommendations with appropriate
         recordkeeping.

    b. The PIC shall perform a preflight inspection of the sUAS, controller,
         and ground control station prior to each flight to ensure it is
         operational with no discrepancies. If the preflight inspection has any
         discrepancies that may affect a safe operation, repairs or maintenance
         shall be performed prior to flight. The sUAS will only be operated if it
         is free of all discrepancies.

        Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the
        UAS operationor flight characteristics, e.g. replacement of a flight
        critical component, must undergo a functional test flight in accordance
        with the operator's manual. The PIC who conducts the functional test
        flight must make an entry in the UAS aircraft records of the flight. The
        requirements and procedures for a functional test flight and aircraft
        record entry mustbe added to the operator's manual.

    c. PAG shall follow the manufacturer's sUAS maintenance, overhaul,
         replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements. When not
         specified at a minimum, the following shall be included:

              i. Actuators / Servos
             ii. Powerplant(s) (motors)
            iii. Propellers
            iv. Electronic speed controller(s)
             v. Batteries
            vi. Remote controllers and Ground control station

    d. All sUAS shall be identified by serial number, registered in accordance
         with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification (N-Number) markings in
         accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C, except with respect to the
         size of the markings. Markings shall be as large as practicable.
                                                                                       Price  Aviation  Group   14  
                                                                   Small  UAS  Petition  for  Exemption  

3. Permissions and Permitting

         a. All required permissions and permits shall be obtained from
             territorial, state, county or city jurisdictions, including local law
             enforcement, or other appropriate governmental agencies.

         b. At least three days before a scheduled operational flight, PAG shall
             submit a written Plan of Activities to the local flight standards district
             office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of the proposed flight. The
             3-day notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO.

                  i. The plan of activities shall include at least the following:

                           1. Dates and times for all requested flights
                           2. Name and phone number of the PIC responsible for

                               operation of the sUAS
                           3. Make, model, and serial or N-number of sUAS to be

                               used
                           4. Name and certificate number of sUAS PICs involved in

                               the flight
                           5. Signature of exemption-holder or representative
                           6. A description of the flight activity, including maps or

                               diagrams of any area over which flights will be
                               conducted, the relationship of that area to any nearby
                               city, town, etc., and the altitudes essential to accomplish
                               the operation

         c. Documents required under 14 CFR § 91.9 and § 91.203 shall be readily
             available to the PIC any time the aircraft is in operation. These
             documents shall be made available to the Administrator or any law
             enforcement official upon request.

         d. PAG shall obtain an Air Traffic Organization (ATO) issued Certificate
             of Waiver or Authorization (COA) prior to conducting any operations
             under  this  grant  of  exemption.  Dow  shall  also  request  a  Notice  to  Airman  

               (NOTAM)  not  more  than  72  hours  in  advance,  but  not  less  than  48  hours  
               prior  to  the  operation.  

4. Operations

         a. The sUAS shall not operate in Class B, C, or D airspace without written
                                                                             Price  Aviation  Group   15  
                                                         Small  UAS  Petition  for  Exemption  

    approval from the FAA. The sUAS shall not operate within 5 nautical
    miles of the geographic center of a non-towered airport as denoted on a
    current FAA-published aeronautical chart unless a letter of agreement
    with that airport's management is obtained, and the operation is
    conducted in accordance with a NOTAM as required by the operator's
    COA. This letter of agreement with the airport management shall be
    made available to the Administrator upon request.

b. Flights shall be conducted under day visual meteorological
    conditions (VMC).

         i. In addition, the sUAS shall not be operated less than 500 feet
              below or less than 2,000 feet horizontally from a cloud or when
              visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

         ii. sUAS operations shall not be conducted during night, as defined in
              14 CFR § 1.1.

        iii. Flights shall not be conducted under special visual flight
             rules (SVFR).

c. Flights shall be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet
    above ground level (AGL).

d. The PIC shall be prohibited from operating the sUAS from any
    moving device or vehicle.

e. The sUAS shall be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the
    PIC.

         i. The PIC shall maintain VLOS without the aid of
             telescopes, cameras or other devices.

        ii. The PIC will maintain VLOS with their own vision, which
             includes the use of eyeglasses or corrective lenses.

f. The sUAS shall remain clear and yield the right of way to manned
    operations and activities at all times

g. Prior to any flight operations authorized by this grant of exemption, the
    PIC and VO must have successfully completed a qualification process,
    as outlined in the operator's manual. As this is a requirement stipulated
    by the operator, the test must be developed and implemented by a
                                                                                             Price  Aviation  Group   16  
                                                                          Small  UAS  Petition  for  Exemption  

                   qualified person designated at the sole discretion of the operator. A
                   record of completion of this qualification process must be documented
                   and made available to the Administrator upon request.

              h. The UAS must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles
                   or emergencies in accordance with the operator's manual.

              i. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral
                   or vertical boundaries of the operational area as defined by the
                   applicable COA must be reported to the FAA's UAS Integration Office
                   (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must bereported to the National
                   Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions contained on the
                   NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov. Further flight operations may not be
                   conducted until the incident, accident, or transgression is reviewed by
                   AFS-80 and authorization to resume operations is provided.

     5. Flight Time

               a. Each sUAS operation shall be completed within 30 minutes flight time
                    or with 25% battery power remaining, whichever occurs first.

F. Summary for Federal Register publication.

         The Rules From Which PAG Seeks Exemption: 14 CFR 61.113(a)
         and (b), 14 CFR 91.103, 14 CFR 91.119, 14 CFR 91.121, 14 CFR
         91.151(a), 14 CFR 91.405(a), 14 CFR 91.407(a)(1), 14 CFR
         91.409(a)(2), 14 CFR 91.417(a) and (b)

         A. Brief Description Of The Nature Of The Exemption PAG Seeks:

         Price Aviation Group (PAG) seeks exemption to operate a UAS under
         Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012. This
         exemption will allow PAG to operate a UAS for the purposes of aerial
         photography and inspection in a controlled, sterile environment. PAG will
         be operating a proven airframe to accomplish flights with an equivalent or
         better level of safety to manned operations.
                                                                                             Price  Aviation  Group   17  
                                                                          Small  UAS  Petition  for  Exemption  

                                            CONCLUSION
         PAG seeks to operate sUAS in a manner that will ensure an equivalent level of
safety to the general public. The flights will be conducted to a high standard using
proven technology complying with FAA regulations and the conditions of the requested
exemption.
         Specific information on the sUAS is included as an appendix, and any other
information needed to fulfill necessary requirements will be gladly given upon request.

Submitted By:

Christopher Lawler
Price Aviation Group
December 6, 2014
