September 4, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12768
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA-2015-2569

Mr. Randall Newman
Princess Delivery Express, LLC
P.O. Box 841276
Pearland, TX 77584

Dear Mr. Newman:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated June 3, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of Princess Delivery Express, LLC (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an
exemption. The petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to
conduct aerial imaging, monitoring, inspection, videography, and photography.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a DJI Phantom 2.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
                                                                                                                 2

aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

· They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

· The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

· A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Princess Delivery Express, LLC is granted an
exemption from 14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a),
91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and
91.417(a) and (b), to the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform
aerial data collection. This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed
below.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                             3

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Princess Delivery Express, LLC is hereafter referred to as
the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom 2
    when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any
    other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
    not permitted.

3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
    exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
    compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
    airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
    aircraft manufacturer.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
    electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
    must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
    required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
                                                                                                            4

    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.
                                                                                                            5

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.
                                                                                                            6

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

    The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
    nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
    reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
    contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.
                                                                                                                 7

 If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
 television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                                                 8

This exemption terminates on September 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.
Sincerely,
/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service
Enclosures
FederalAviationAdministrationExemption
PetitionforExemptionunderSection333
FAAModernizationandReformActof2012
Public112-95Feb.14,2012,Section333
Submittedby:PrincessDeliveryExpress,LLC.(RandallNewman)

Date:6/3/2015

DearSirorMadam:

AttachedpleasefindPrincessDeliveryExpress,LLCrequestfor anexemptionfromthelistedFederal
Aviation Regulations to allow commercial operation of its Small Unmanned Aircraft Systems ("UAS")
for aerial imaging for aerial advertising; safety, monitoring, inspecting and/or recording of secured
andcontrolledenvironmentconstructionsites; proposeddevelopmentsites; inspectionsofproperty
and videography/photography for realty advertisements and property listings. This exemption
requestisexclusivelyfortheuseoftheUASmanufacturedbyDJI,DJIPhantom2.Alsopleasefindthe
link to the DJI Phantom 2 UAS Manual ("Manual"), which outlines the operating requirements,
limitations, and technical specifications for the DJI Phantom 2 system.
http://www.dji.com/product/phantom-2/download

WehavereviewedthisManualandinconjunctionwiththerequirementsoutlinedinthisdocumentwe
havefoundittobeacceptablefor UASoperationsonourprojectsites.Thankyouforyourtime and
consideration,andpleaseletmeknowifyou haveanyquestions.

Sincerely,

RandallNewman
PrincessDeliveryExpress,LLC
IntendedUASUse

Torecordvideoandcapturepicturesofclient'shomes/propertiesfortheuseinrealestatemarketing
materials,propertydevelopment,property investigationanddocumentationbytheuseoflightweight
UASsinthefollowingareas ofcommerce:
·  Realty and Advertising - Selling/leasing properties, enhancing advertising campaigns, and
increasing production of marketing materials. Evaluating value by documenting assets and deficits
especiallyinhardtoaccessareasasanalternatetoconventionallarge,heavy,combustiblefuelbearing
andmannedvehiclesarecurrentlyused.
 Photo/Videographyofruralcontractedoutdoorrecreationalactivitiesonprivateandpublicuse
lands(PriorPermissionandcoordinationOnly). PrincessDeliveryExpress,LLC hasasignificant
amount of interest in taking video and photos for advertising in our local area.Utilizing the UAS will
offer a significant improvement to the agency with regards to both safety and cost.Using a 6 lb. UAS
compared to a gas turbine helicopter or aircraft will offer a considerable safety margin as well as cost
savings advantage.
·Propertyinspections- Especiallyroofinginspections,especiallytileroofs,aresusceptibletoadded
damagefromaninvestigatorwalkingontherooftocompletehisinitialinspection. AsUAScoulddo
the work and record the inspection findings without the probability of additional roof damage or
personnel injury from falls. This service would be valuable to companies like: Roofing contractors,
Insuranceadjusters,propertyowners,renters, etc.
·Constructiondefectinvestigations- Siteinvestigationandfindingsspecificallyforbuildingexteriors
wouldbegreatlyenhancedbythe useofaUAS.Itcanbeveryexpensivetosafelyfindanddocument
exterior construction defects on multiple story building, a UAS could inspect, find and record
informationthatwouldbeotherwiseonlybeaccessiblebyladdersorscaffolding.AlsoAUASwouldbe
amuchsaferwaytodothistypeofhighand/ordifficultaccessinvestigation.
·Siteinvestigation- Suchassteephillsideorbluff.Recordingthevisualcondition ofexisting hillsides
orbluffsthatwouldotherwisebeverydifficulttoaccessandrecord.Itwouldalsobelessintrusiveto
environmentallysensitiveareas.
·Sitedevelopment- Creatinghighresolutionscalableoverheadphotographyofapropertywouldbe
valuable to engineers, architects , designers and landscape architects in evaluating the best use for
developing a property and the potential effects that such development might have. Development of
existing properties for remodeling or renovation especially commercial building where equipment is
locatedontheroofwouldalsobenefitfromHDphotosthatdocumentthe equipmentanditslocation.
Currently Google Maps are useful for such endeavors but only with a very low resolution overhead
photoofsuchproperties.
·  Developers and Construction Companies - To record and document the overall progress of large
developmentsandtoobserveanddocumentjobsitesafety.
·Landscapemaintenance- Torecordlandscapehealthandirrigationproficiencyonlargeproperties
suchascondominiums,apartmentcomplexes,malls,golfcoursesorevenpublicparksandrecreation
areas.
·TherearemanyotherareasthataUASwouldbeasafer,accurateandlessexpensivealternativeto
currentcommercialservicesbutPrincessDeliveryExpress,LLCwouldbespecificallyinterestedinthe
areasmentionedabove.

SpecificSectionof14CFRSeekingspecificexemptionfrom:
Section 333 of the FAA Reform Act and Part 11 of the Federal Aviation Regulations from 14 C.F.R.
45.23(b); 14 CFR Part 21; 14 CFR 61.113 (a) & (b); 91.7 (a); 91.9 (b) (2); 91.103(b); 91.109; 91.119;
91.121;91.151(a);91.20 3(a)&(b); 91.405(a);91.407(a)(1);91.409(a)(2);91.417(a)&(b).

DearSirorMadam:
Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (the Reform Act) and 14
C.F.R. Part 11, Lloyd & Associates, a design/build and construction firm, hereby applies for an
exemptionfromthelistedFederalAviationRegulations("FARs")toallowcommercialoperationofits
SmallUnmannedAircraftSystems("UAS")foraerialimagingforsafetyandmonitoringofsecuredand
controlledenvironmentconstructionsites,solongassuchoperationsareconductedwithinandunder
the conditions outlined herein or as may be established by the FAA as required by Section 333. As
detailed in this document and the link to Flight Manual, the requested exemption would permit the
operation of UAS under controlled conditions in airspace that is 1) limited 2) predetermined 3)
controlledastoaccessand4)wouldprovidesafetyenhancementstothealreadybestpracticessafety
protocolsfollowedby PrincessDeliveryExpress,LLCateachoneofitsprojectsites.Approvalofthis
exemption would thereby enhance safety and fulfill the Secretary of Transportation's (the FAA
Administrator's) responsibilities to "...establish requirements for the safe operation of such aircraft
systemsinthenationalairspacesystem."Section333(c)oftheReformAct.

Thenameandaddressoftheapplicantis:
PrincessDeliveryExpress,LLC
RandallNewman
PH:713-614-4001
Email:randy@rhnewman.com
Address:POBox841276

Regulationsfromwhichtheexemptionisrequested:
14C.F.R.Part21
14C.F.R.45.23(b)
14C.F.R.61.113(a)&(b)
14C.F.R.91.7(a)
14C.F.R.91.9(b)(2)
14C.F.R.91.103
14C.F.R.91.109
14C.F.R.91.119
14C.F.R.91.121
14C.F.R.91.151(a)
14C.F.R.91.203(a)&(b)

STATUTORYAUTHORITYFOREXEMPTIONS
The Federal Aviation Act expressly grants the FAA authority to issue exemptions. This statutory
authority includes exempting civil aircraft, as the term is defined under §40101 of the Act, including
UAS, from the requirement that all civil aircraft must have a current airworthiness certificate. The
Administrator may grant an exemption from a requirement of a regulation prescribed under
subsection(a)or(b)ofthissectionoranysections44702-44716ofthistitleiftheAdministratorfinds
theexemptioninthepublicinterest.49U.S.C.§44701(f)Seealso 49USC§44711(a);49USC§44704;
14CFR§91.203(a)(1).Section333(b)oftheReformActassiststheSecretaryindeterminingwhether
UAS may operate in the National Airspace System (NAS) without creating a hazard to the user, the
public,orathreattonationalsecurity.Inmakingthisdetermination,theSecretarymustconsider:

·TheUAS'ssize,weight,speed,andoperationalcapability;
·WhethertheUASoperateswithinthevisuallineofsightoftheoperator
·WhethertheUASoperatesoutsideofhighlypopulatedareasandawayfromcloseproximityto
airports Reform Act §333(a). If the Secretary determines that a UAS "may operate safely in the
national airspace system, the Secretary shall establish requirements for the safe operation of such
aircraftinthenationalairspacesystem."Id.§333(c).

Princess DeliveryExpress, LLC UASs are multi-rotor vehicles, weighting 10 or fewer lbs. including
payload. They operate under normal conditions at a speed of no more than 50 knots and have the
capability to hover, and move in the vertical and horizontal plane simultaneously. The UAS will
operate only in the pilot's visual line of sight at all times and will operate only within the
recommendations described in the DJI Flight Manual. Such operations will insure that the UAS will
"not create a hazard to users of the national airspace system or the public." Reform Act Section 333
(b).GiventhesmallsizeoftheUASinvolvedandtherestrictedandsterileenvironmentwithinwhich
theywilloperate,ourapplicationfallssquarelywithin thezoneofsafety(anequivalentlevelofsafety)
in which Congress envisioned that the FAA must, by exemption, allow commercial operations of UAS
tocommenceimmediately.AlsoduetothesmallsizeoftheUASsandthelowaltitudesandrestricted
areas in which our UAS will operate, approval of the application presents no national security issue.
Given the clear direction in Section 333 of the Reform Act, the authority contained in the Federal
Aviation Act, as amended; the strong equivalent level of safety surrounding the proposed operations,
andthesignificantpublicbenefit,includingenhancedsafety,thegrantoftherequestedexemptionsis
in the public interest. Accordingly, Princess DeliveryExpress, LLC respectfully requests that the FAA
granttherequestedexemptionwithoutdelay.

PUBLICINTEREST
ThisexemptionapplicationisexpresslysubmittedtofulfillCongress'goalin passingSection333(a)
through (c) of the Reform Act.This law directs the SecretaryofTransportation toconsider whether
certain unmanned aircraft systems may operate safely in the NAS before completion of the rule
making required under Section 332of the Reform Act. By granting an exemption the FAA will fulfill
Congress's intent of allowing UAS to operate with significant safety precautions in low risk
environments.TheuseofUASonaconstructionorinspectionsite cansignificantlyreducetheriskto
workersoffallswhileinspecting,surveying,ormonitoringsiteprogress.UAScaninspect,photograph,
andcollectdataonhardtogettoareasthatotherwisewouldrequireworkerinspection.Fallsarethe
leadingsourceofworkplacefatalityandinjuryonconstructionsites',andreducingfallsthrough UAS
useforsiteimaging could save workers lives. Additionally, UAS couldreplace the use of helicopters
and small aircraft to monitor sites. The UAS we propose to fly in this application are under five
pounds, and carry no combustible material on board, as opposed to the much larger conventionally
powered small aircraft. Shifting to UAS from helicopters presents a marked safety increase for our
workersandthepublic.

Lastly,UASreducetheenvironmentalimpactbydramaticallydecreasingtheenergyusedforaerial
imaginganddatacollectionoveraconstructionsite.OurUASuserechargeablelithiumionbatteries,
as opposed to fossil fuels burned in operation of small aircraft that are many hundreds of times
heavier.

EQUIVALENTLEVELOFSAFETY
Princess DeliveryExpress, LLC proposes that the exemption requested herein apply to civil aircraft
that have the characteristics and that operate with the limitations listed herein. These limitations
provide for at least an equivalent or even higher level of safety to operations under the current
regulatory structure because the proposed operations represent a safety 1 "Commonly Used
Statistics", Occupational Safety & Health Administration. Available at: https://
www.osha.gov/oshstats/commonstats.html  enhancement to the already safe protocols followed on
construction sites and imaging and surveying operations conducted with helicopters and other
conventionalaircraft.PrincessDeliveryExpress,LLC willbeboundbythefollowinglimitationswhen
conductingitsUASoperationsunder anFAAissuedexemption:

1. TheUASwillbelessthan10pounds.
2. Flightswillbeoperatedwithinvisuallineofsightofapilot.
3. Maximumtotalflighttimeforeachoperationalflightwillbe30minutes.TheUAScalculatesbattery
reserve in real time, and will return to its ground station with at least 20% battery power reserve
shouldthatoccurpriortothe30minutelimit.
4. Flightswillbeoperatedatanaltitudeof200feet AGL,neverexceeding400feetAGL.
5. CrewforeachoperationwillconsistoftheUASpilotwhowillkeeptheUASwithinhisvisuallineof
sightatalltimesandaspotter whenrequired.
6. The UAS pilot will be trained in flight, operations, and safety procedures as detailed in this
documentand asdetailedintheDJIManual.
7. TheUASwillonlyoperatewithinaconfinedareasasdefinedinthisdocument.Thisdocumentand
theDJIManualalsorequirestheestablishmentofa SecurityPerimeterfortheflightoperationsarea.
8. AbriefingwillbeconductedinregardtotheplannedUASoperationspriortoeachday'sproduction
activities.Itwillbemandatorythatallpersonnel whowillbeperformingdutieswithintheboundaries
ofthesafetyperimeterbepresentforthisbriefing.
9. Allonsite personnelwillconsenttotheUASflyoveronsitebywaiver,andtheoperatorwillobtain
additionalverbalorwrittenconsentofallpersons whowillbeallowedwithin100feetoftheflight
operation.
10. Thepilotwillhavebeentrainedinoperation ofUASgenerallyandreceivedup-to-dateinformation
ontheparticularUAStobeoperatedasrequiredbythisdocument.
11. Writtenand/ororalpermissionfromtherelevantpropertyholderswillbeobtained.
12. Allrequiredpermissionsandpermitswillbeobtainedfromterritorial,state,countyorcity
jurisdictions,includinglocallawenforcement,fire,orotherappropriategovernmentalagencies.
13. IftheUASlosescommunicationsorlosesitsGPSsignal,itwillhavecapabilitytoreturntoapre-
determinedlocationwithintheSecurityPerimeterandland.

DESCRIPTION OFSPECIFIC REGULATIONS14CFR Part 21,Subpart H: AirworthinessCertificates14
C.F.R. §91203(a)(1) Subpart H, entitled Airworthiness Certificates, establishes the procedural
requirementsfortheissuanceofairworthinesscertificatesasrequiredbyFAR§9 1.203(a)(1).Given
the size and limited operating area associated with the aircraft to be utilized by Princess
DeliveryExpress,LLC,an exemptionfromPart21subpartHmeetstherequirementsofanequivalent
level ofsafety under Part 11andSection 333 of the Reform Act.The Federal Aviation Act (49U.S.C.
44701 (f)) and Section 333 of the Reform Act both authorize the FAA to exempt aircraft from the
requirementforanairworthinesscertificate,uponconsiderationofthesize,weight,speed,operation
alcapability,andproximitytoairportsandpopulatedareasoftheparticularUAS.OursmallUASwill
be operated at low speed in a controlled environment, at least five miles from an airport and more
thanthreemilesfromanycityordenselypopulatedarea.
