July 23, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12131
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­1653

Mr. Marc Turner
Pro Image Aerial, LLC
9 Sycamore Drive
Wallkill, NY 12589

Dear Mr. Turner:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated May 3, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of Pro Image Aerial, LLC (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption. The
petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct aerial
surveying, photography, inspections, monitoring, and patrolling.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a 3DRobotics Iris+.

In accordance with the statutory criteria provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in
reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited
operating area associated with the aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation
has determined that this aircraft meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA
                                                                                             2

finds that relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts,
Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing

requirements of part 36, is not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Pro Image Aerial, LLC is granted an exemption from
14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c),
91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to
the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Pro Image Aerial, LLC is hereafter referred to as the operator.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                                                 3

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the 3DRobotics Iris+
         when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any
         other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
         must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
         documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
         Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
         limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
         the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
         Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
         documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
         operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
         documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
                                                                                                            4

    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
                                                                                                            5

    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.
                                                                                                               6

   23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
       any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
       PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
       These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
       official upon request.

   24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
       activities at all times.

   25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

   26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
       persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
          a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
             from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
             that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
             where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
             the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
             of nonparticipating persons; and
          b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
             for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
             the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
             present an undue hazard.

       The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
       nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

   27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
       permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
       Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
       obtained for each flight to be conducted.

   28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
       boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
       to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
       reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
       contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

   29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
       as documented in this grant of exemption.
                                                                                                                 7

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.

This exemption terminates on July 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,
/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
Marc Turner
Pro Image Aerial, LLC
9 Sycamore Dr.
Wallkill, NY 12589
845-527-2161
marc@proimageaerial.com

May 3, 2015
U.S. Department of Transportation
Docket Management System
1200 New Jersey Ave., SE
Washington, DC 20590

Dear Sir or Madam:
Attached please find Pro Image Aerial, LLC requisition for an exemption from the Federal
Aviation Regulations to allow commercial operation of its Small Unmanned Aircraft Systems
("UASs") for a multitude of industries described within, which will promote greater safety
when compared to conventional methods used to date.

Thank you for your consideration, and please let me know if you have any questions.

Sincerely,

Marc Turner
Member, Pro Image Aerial, LLC
Pro Image Aerial, LLC                  May 3, 2015
Section 333 Petition to Operate Small
Unmanned Aerial Systems

Petition Summary:

Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012, Pub. L. No. 112-95
(2012), 126 Stat. 11 ("Section 333") and the Federal Aviation Administration's ("FAA") general
exemption authority under 49 U.S.C. section 44701(f), Pro Image Aerial, LLC ("Petitioner")
hereby petitions for exemptions from 14 C.F.R Part 21, Subpart H (Airworthiness Certificates),
14 C.F.R. Part 27 (Airworthiness Standards: Normal Category Rotorcraft), 14 C.F.R sections
61.113(a)-(b), 91.103(b)(1), 91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151, 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(2),
and 91.417(a)- (b).

The requested exemption, if granted, would allow Petitioner to conduct commercial operations
of small unmanned aircraft systems ("UAS") meeting or exceeding all of the operational and
safety requirements Congress has set forth in Section 333.

Pro Image Aerial, LLC is an aviation technology company that plans to utilize the capabilities
of Unmanned Aerial Systems to offer a multitude of services, including:

      o Aerial surveying
      o Remote sensing
      o Telecommunications
      o Agriculture
      o Aerial real estate photography
      o Energy systems inspections and asset management
      o Construction site inspections and monitoring
      o Wildlife and forestry monitoring
      o Educational and research operations
      o Pipeline inspection and patrolling

Statutory Authority

Section 333, titled "Special Rules for Certain Unmanned Aircraft Systems", and provides a
mechanism for seeking expedited FAA authorization of safe civil UAS operations in the NAS.
Section 333(a) states that the FAA "shall determine if certain unmanned aircraft systems may
operate safely in the national airspace system before completion of the (comprehensive) plan
and rulemaking required by section 332(b)(1) of this Act or the guidance required by section 334
of this Act." In Section 332(b)(1), Congress made it clear that Section 333 provides a
mechanism for "expedited operation authorization" if several factors are met. Petitioner meets
all requirements to permit FAA approval of commercial UAS operations.

The Petitioner Requests Relief from the Following:
Section 61.113(a) and (b) prescribes that--

          (a) no person who holds a private pilot certificate may act as a pilot in command of an
aircraft that is carrying passengers or property for compensation or hire; nor may that person,
for compensation or hire, act as pilot in command of an aircraft.

          (b) a private pilot may, for compensation or hire, act as pilot in command of an aircraft

                                                                                                                                              Page 2 of 8
Pro Image Aerial, LLC                  May 3, 2015
Section 333 Petition to Operate Small
Unmanned Aerial Systems

in connection with any business or employment if:

                    (1) The flight is only incidental to that business or employment; and

                    (2) The aircraft does not carry passengers or property for compensation or hire.

Section 91.103 prescribes, in pertinent part, that each pilot in command shall, before beginning
a flight, become familiar with all available information concerning that flight, to include--

     (a) For a flight under IFR or a flight not in the vicinity of an airport, weather reports and
forecasts, fuel requirements, alternatives available if the planned flight cannot be completed,
and any known traffic delays of which the pilot in command has been advised by ATC;

     (b) For any flight, runway lengths at airports of intended use, and the following takeoff
and landing distance information:

          (1) For civil aircraft for which an approved Airplane or Rotorcraft Flight Manual
containing takeoff and landing distance data is required, the takeoff and landing distance data
contained therein;

          (2) For civil aircraft other than those specified in paragraph (b)(1) of this section, other
reliable information appropriate to the aircraft, relating to aircraft performance under expected
values of airport elevation and runway slope, aircraft gross weight, and wind and temperature.

Section 91.119 prescribes that, except when necessary for takeoff or landing, no person may
operate an aircraft below the following altitudes:

          (a) Anywhere. An altitude allowing, if a power unit fails, an emergency landing without
undue hazard to persons or property on the surface.

          (b) Over congested areas. Over any congested area of a city, town, or settlement,
or over any open air assembly of persons, an altitude of 1,000 feet above the highest
obstacle within a horizontal radius of 2,000 feet of the aircraft.

          (c) Over other than congested areas. An altitude of 500 feet above the surface, except
over open water or sparsely populated areas. In those cases, the aircraft may not be operated
closer than 500 feet to any person, vessel, vehicle, or structure.

          (d) Helicopters, powered parachutes, and weight-shift-control aircraft. If the operation
is conducted without hazard to persons or property on the surface--

                   (1) A helicopter may be operated at less than the minimums prescribed in
         paragraph (b) or (c) of this section, provided each person operating the helicopter
         complies with any routes or altitudes specifically prescribed for helicopters by the FAA;
         and

                   (2) A powered parachute or weight-shift-control aircraft may be operated at less
         than the minimums prescribed in paragraph (c) of this section.

                                       Page 3 of 8
Pro Image Aerial, LLC                  May 3, 2015
Section 333 Petition to Operate Small
Unmanned Aerial Systems

Section 91.121 requires, in pertinent part, each person operating an aircraft to maintain cruising
altitude by reference to an altimeter that is set "to the elevation of the departure airport or an
appropriate altimeter setting available before departure."

Section 91.151(a) prescribes that no person may begin a flight in an airplane under VFR
conditions unless (considering wind and forecast weather conditions) there is enough fuel to fly
to the first point of intended landing and, assuming normal cruising speed, (1) during the day, to
fly after that for at least 30 minutes; or (2) At night, to fly after that for at least 45 minutes.
[emphasis added]

Section 91.405(a) requires, in pertinent part, that an aircraft operator or owner shall have that
aircraft inspected as prescribed in subpart E of the same part and shall, between required
inspections, except as provided in paragraph (c) of the same section, have discrepancies
repaired as prescribed in part 43 of the chapter.

Section 91.407(a)(1) prohibits, in pertinent part, any person from operating an aircraft that has
undergone maintenance, preventive maintenance, rebuilding, or alteration unless it has been
approved for return to service by a person authorized under § 43.7 of the same chapter.

Section 91.409(a)(2) prescribes, in pertinent part, that no person may operate an aircraft unless,
within the preceding 12 calendar months, it has had an inspection for the issuance of an
airworthiness certificate in accordance with part 21 of this chapter.

Section 91.417(a) and (b) prescribes, in pertinent part, that--

         (a) Each registered owner or operator shall keep the following records for the periods
specified in paragraph (b) of this section:

                   (1) Records of the maintenance, preventive maintenance, and alteration and
         records of the 100-hour, annual, progressive, and other required or approved
         inspections, as appropriate, for each aircraft (including the airframe) and each engine,
         propeller, rotor, and appliance of an aircraft. The records must include--

                             (i) A description (or reference to data acceptable to the Administrator)
                   of the work performed; and

                             (ii) The date of completion of the work performed; and

                             (iii) The signature, and certificate number of the person approving the
                   aircraft for return to service.

                                       Page 4 of 8
Pro Image Aerial, LLC                                                             May 3, 2015
Section 333 Petition to Operate Small
Unmanned Aerial Systems

         (2) Records containing the following information:

         (i) The total time in service of the airframe, each engine, each propeller, and
each rotor.

         (ii) The current status of life-limited parts of each airframe, engine,
propeller, rotor, and appliance.

         (iii) The time since last overhaul of all items installed on the aircraft which are
required to be overhauled on a specified time basis.

         (iv) The current inspection status of the aircraft, including the time since the
last inspection required by the inspection program under which the aircraft and its
appliances are maintained.

         (v) The current status of applicable airworthiness directives (AD) and safety
directives including, for each, the method of compliance, the AD or safety directive
number and revision date. If the AD or safety directive involves recurring action, the
time and date when the next action is required.

         (vi) Copies of the forms prescribed by § 43.9(d) of this chapter for each major
alteration to the airframe and currently installed engines, rotors, propellers, and
appliances.

(b) The owner or operator shall retain the following records for the periods prescribed:

         (1) The records specified in paragraph (a)(1) of this section shall be retained until the
work is repeated or superseded by other work or for 1 year after the work is performed.

         (2) The records specified in paragraph (a)(2) of this section shall be retained and
transferred with the aircraft at the time the aircraft is sold.

         (3) A list of defects furnished to a registered owner or operator under § 43.11 of this
               chapter shall be retained until the defects are repaired and the aircraft is approved
               for return to service.

The Petitioner has Supplied the Following Additional Information:
3DRobotics Iris+ Operation Manual
3DRobotics Iris+ Flight Checklist.
FAA Aircraft Registration Confirmation for Iris+

Unmanned Aircraft System

The petitioner states that the unmanned aircraft (UA) to be operated under this request is less
than 55 lbs. fully loaded, flies at a speed of no more than 50 knots, carries neither a pilot nor
passenger, carries no explosive materials or flammable liquid fuels, and operates exclusively
within a secured area as set out in the User Manual. The craft is the Iris+ four-rotor

                                                                                                                                                       Page 5 of 8
Pro Image Aerial, LLC                  May 3, 2015
Section 333 Petition to Operate Small
Unmanned Aerial Systems

manufactured by 3DRobotics. The VTOL quadrotor-type design has four motors, GPS, full
autonomous autopilot capabilities, telemetry and manual ground control.

In addition, the craft has integrated safety features built into the design of the UAS, as described
in the Operation Manual, to ensure the safety of persons and property within and surrounding
the limited operating area. The petitioner further describes that, in the event the UAS loses
communications or its GPS signal, the UAS will have the capability to return to a pre-determined
location within the Security Perimeter and land. It will also have the capability to abort a flight in
the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

Petitioner's UAS will be identified by serial number, registered in accordance with 14 C.F.R. Part
47, and have identification (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 C.F.R. Part 45, Subpart
C. Markings will be as large as practicable. Aircraft registration confirmation is supplied as part
of this petition.

Pre-flight Inspection, Maintenance

Before each flight the PIC will perform a series of pre-flight and takeoff checks as defined by the
Operation Manual supplied. After each 60 minutes of airtime, the craft will undergo a thorough
inspection of all aircraft components, including, but not limited to:

a. Actuators / Servos

b. Motors, wiring and connectors

c. Propellers, smooth, no chips

d. Electronic speed controller, wiring and connectors

e. Batteries, wiring and connectors

f. Remote command and control

g. Ground control station

Operating Parameters

The petitioner states that all flights will be operated with a two person crew (pilot and
spotter/observer) within visual line of sight (VLOS) of pilot. All flights will occur during
daytime, using VFR flight conditions and all operations will be conducted by the pilot with the
assistance of a second spotter/observer. The UAS flights will be limited to a maximum altitude
of 400 feet AGL. Altitude is accurately measured by GPS. The petitioner further states that an
operator will ensure that only consenting production personnel will be allowed within 100 feet
of the UA operation, and UAS will be kept at least 100' from any inhabited structure. Generally
the petitioner's UAS will be operated in rural or suburban areas that will permit significantly
larger safety zones.

Flight Standards District Offices (FSDOs) will be notified as required prior to operations to
describe intended coordination for proposed operation(s). Petitioner will obtain an Air Traffic
Organization ("ATO") issued Certificate of Waiver or Authorization ("COA") prior to conducting
any operations under this grant of exemption. In fulfilling its requirements under the COA,

                                                                                                                                                       Page 6 of 8
Pro Image Aerial, LLC                                                 May 3, 2015
Section 333 Petition to Operate Small
Unmanned Aerial Systems

Petitioner will be required to request a NOTAM not more than 72 hours in advance, but not less
than 48 hours prior to the operation.

Petitioner's UAS will remain clear and yield the right of way to all manned operations and
activities at all times (including, but not limited to, ultralight vehicles, parachute activities,
parasailing activities, and hangliders). Petitioner will not conduct UAS operations within 5
nautical miles of the geographic center of a non-towered airport unless a letter of agreement
with that airport's management is obtained and the operation is conducted in accordance with a
Notice to Airmen ("NOTAM").

In addition the follow safety measures shall be strictly adhered to:

o Flights will not be flown at an indicated air speed exceeding 50 mph (43.3 knots).
o The Pilot in Command (PIC) will follow the operations and maintenance procedures

    outlined in the UAS operation manual
o Prior to each flight the PIC must inspect the UAS to ensure it is in a condition for safe

    flight as outlined in the UAS operations manual.
o Pro Aerial, LLC will not permit any PIC to operate unless that PIC has demonstrated

    through Pro Aerials, LLC's training requirement that the PIC is able to safely operate the
    UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated as outlined in the UAS
    operation manual, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and maintaining
    appropriate distances from people, vessels, vehicles and structures.
o The PIC will abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies in
    accordance with the UAS operations manual.
o The PIC is prohibited from beginning a UAS flight unless (considering wind and
    forecasted weather conditions and assuming normal cruising speed) there is enough
    power to fly to the first point of intended landing prior to utilizing battery reserve power.
o The UAS will remain clear and yield the right of way to all other manned aviation
    operations and activities at all times.
o The UAS will not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.
o All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the land owner/controller or authorized representative. Permission
    from land owner/controller or authorized representative will be obtained prior to the
    beginning of every flight.
o Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA will be reported to
    the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents will be reported
    to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions contained on the
    NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

Pilot in Command (PIC)

The pilot in command will be Pro Image Aerial, LLC Member Marc Turner or employees of Pro
Image Aerial, LLC, holding the minimum of a sport, recreational or private pilot certificate. Mr.
Turner received his airman's private certificate in 2001.

Regarding Petitioner's requested relief from 14 C.F.R. § 91.103(b)(1), Petitioner will comply with
the other applicable procedures and requirements stated in § 91.103(a) and (b). Specifically, the
PIC will take all actions including reviewing weather, flight battery requirements, aircraft
performance data, and landing and takeoff distances before initiation of a flight. The PIC will

                                                                                                                                                       Page 7 of 8
Pro Image Aerial, LLC                  May 3, 2015
Section 333 Petition to Operate Small
Unmanned Aerial Systems

also account for all relevant site-specific conditions in their preflight procedures. Risks
presented by sun glare will be mitigated by the PIC's and VO's ability to see other air traffic and
initiate a return-to-home sequence if needed.

Radio Frequencies

Radio frequencies used will be those allotted by the FCC for data transmission and vehicle
control in unlicensed frequency bands. All devices used will comply with FCC usage and
emissions regulations.

Safety and Benefits of the UAS

The petitioner will be using the UAS in a variety of applications that generally require expensive
full-size manned aircraft to complete. Small, light, unmanned aerial vehicles offer a multitude of
benefits over the use of full-sized manned aircraft for electric power line inspection, oil/gas
pipeline inspection, advanced agriculture, film and still photography, just to name a few.
Replacing significantly larger manned aircraft carrying crew and flammable fuel with small UAS
carrying no passengers or crew creates a much greater margin of safety for the pilots and crew.
In addition the use of UAS reduce the environmental impact by dramatically decreasing the
energy used for aerial imaging and data collection. Our UAS use rechargeable batteries, as
opposed to fossil fuels burned in the operations of small aircrafts.

By granting Petitioner's requested exemptions, the FAA will help drive development of safe and
successful commercial UAS operations and will advance the public knowledge base for such
operations. Petitioner is committed to promoting the UAS research efforts of policymakers
including the FAA, NASA, DOD and DARPA by sharing data from its commercial UAS
operations and serving as a resource for future UAS research operations. Thus, the FAA has
good cause to grant this Petition.

Conclusion

For the foregoing reasons, the exemptions requested herein should be granted and Petitioner
should be permitted to conduct small UAS operations in accordance with its manuals and all
other operating parameters deemed necessary and appropriate by the FAA.

                                       Page 8 of 8
