May 11, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 11524
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­0337

Mr. William V. O'Connor
Mr. William D. Janicki
Ms. Joanna L. Simon
Morrison & Foerster LLP
12531 High Bluff Drive
San Diego, CA 92130

Dear Messrs. O'Connor and Janicki and Ms. Simon:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated February 9, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA)
on behalf of Pro Drones Canada Inc. (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption.
The petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct oil and gas
pipeline inspections, solar installation inspections, power line/cable inspections, cooling tower
inspections, forestry, critical infrastructure inspections, wind turbine inspections, safety and
security monitoring, radiation measurement, surveying, and mapping.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a DT-18.
                                                                                                                 2

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

· They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

· The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

· A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Pro Drones Canada Inc. is granted an exemption from
14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c),
91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                                                 3

the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Pro Drones Canada Inc. is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DT-18 when
         weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any other
         aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
         must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
         documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
                                                                                                            4

    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.
                                                                                                            5

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.
                                                                                                            6

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

    The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
    nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
    reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
    contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.
                                                                                                                 7

 If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
 television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                   8

This exemption terminates on May 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.
Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
                  12531 HIGH BLUFF DRIVE   MORRISON & FOERSTER LLP
                  SAN DIEGO, CALIFORNIA
                  92130-2040               BEIJING, BERLIN, BRUSSELS, DENVER,
                                           HONG KONG, LONDON, LOS ANGELES,
                  TELEPHONE: 858.720.5100  NEW YORK, NORTHERN VIRGINIA,
                  FACSIMILE: 858.720.5125  PALO ALTO, SACRAMENTO, SAN DIEGO,
                                           SAN FRANCISCO, SHANGHAI, SINGAPORE,
                  WWW.MOFO.COM             TOKYO, WASHINGTON, D.C.

February 9, 2015                           Writer's Direct Contact

                                           +1 (858) 720.7932
                                           WOConnor@mofo.com

U.S. Department of Transportation
Docket Operations, M-30
1200 New Jersey Avenue, SE
Room W12-140, West Building Ground Floor
Washington, DC 20590-0001

Re: Petition of Pro Drones Canada Inc. for an Exemption Pursuant to Section 333 of
         the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 to Operate an Unmanned Aircraft
         System

Dear Sir or Madam:

Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (the Reform
Act) and 14 C.F.R. Part 11, Pro Drones Canada Inc. (Pro Drones),1 the North American
manufacturer and operator of the DT-18, hereby applies for an exemption from the Federal
Aviation Regulations identified below.

The requested exemption would permit Pro Drones' commercial operation of the DT-18,
which is a lightweight, electric powered aircraft. The DT-18 was the first UAV to obtain a
S4 Permit from the French Aviation Authority (DGAC), allowing for flight beyond line of
sight. However, Pro Drones agrees to limit its operations of the DT-18 in the United States
to within visual line of sight of the pilot in command (PIC). The DT-18 can be used for a
variety of purposes, including oil and gas pipeline inspections, solar installation inspections,
power line/cable inspections, cooling tower inspections, forestry, critical infrastructure
inspections, wind turbine inspections, safety and security monitoring, radiation measurement,
surveying, and mapping.

As discussed below, Pro Drones is willing to abide by conditions the FAA has required
in issuing recent Section 333 exemptions, specifically Exemptions 11109 (Clayco, Inc.)
and 11110 (Trimble Navigation Ltd.). This agreement and the strong similarity of its
operations to those approved in Exemptions 11109 and 11110 should give the FAA a basis
for expedited consideration and processing of Pro Drones' request.

1 Pro Drones Canada Inc. dba Avyon, www.Avyon.com, and dba Flyterra, www.Flyterra.com.

sd-655014
U.S. Department of Transportation
February 9, 2015
Page Two

Use of the DT-18 for survey and inspection activities reduces the need to operate
conventional aircraft for the same purposes and provides extremely high quality imagery and
modeling at a fraction of the price and time for the same activities done by conventional
aircraft. Use of the DT-18 therefore results in enhanced efficiency, environmental benefits,
and increased safety.

Operation under the requested exemption will be subject to strict operating parameters, set
forth more fully herein. These parameters will ensure at least an equivalent level of safety to
currently authorized operation using manned aircraft.2

         I. REGULATIONS FOR WHICH EXEMPTION IS REQUESTED

Pro Drones requests exemption from the following regulations:

     14 C.F.R Part 21, Subpart H;
     14 C.F.R Part 27;
     14 C.F.R § 45.23(b);
     14 C.F.R. § 45.27(a);
     14 C.F.R § 61.113;
     14 C.F.R § 91.7(a);
     14 C.F.R § 91.9(b)(2);
     14 C.F.R § 91.9(c);
     14 C.F.R § 91.103;
     14 C.F.R § 91.109(a);
     14 C.F.R § 91.119;
     14 C.F.R § 91.121;
     14 C.F.R § 91.151(a) & (b)
     14 C.F.R § 91.203 (a) & (b);
     14 C.F.R § 91.405(a);
     14 C.F.R § 91.407(a)(l);
     14 C.F.R § 91.409(a)(2);
     14 C.F.R § 91.417 (a) & (b).

This petition incorporates the material contained in the Pro Drones DT-18 Operations,
Inspection, and Maintenance Manual, the Pro Drones DT-18 Training/Experience Manual,
and the DT-18 Operator Manual, (together, the "Manuals" at Attachments 1-3). The Manuals
are submitted herewith as confidential under 14 C.F.R. § 11.35(b), because they contain

2 While Pro Drones is filing this petition for exemption on its own behalf, it anticipates that future customers
may file exemptions to allow them to operate the DT-18 at their own facilities, which will be substantially
similar to this petition.

sd-655014
U.S. Department of Transportation
February 9, 2015
Page Three

commercial and proprietary information that Pro Drones has not and will not share with
others, is not available to the public, and is protected from release under the Freedom of
Information Act, 5 U.S.C. § 552 et seq.

         II. STATUTORY AUTHORITY FOR REQUESTED EXEMPTIONS

This petition for exemption is submitted in accordance with Section 333 of the Reform Act.
Congress has directed the FAA "to safely accelerate the integration of civil unmanned
aircraft systems into the national airspace system." Pursuant to Section 333 of the Reform
Act, the FAA Administrator is to permit operation of an unmanned aircraft system where it
does not create a hazard to users of the national airspace system (NAS) or the public or pose
a threat to national security based on the following considerations:

     The size, weight, speed and operational capability;
     Operation in proximity to airports and populated areas; and
     Operation within visual line of sight of the operator.

Furthermore, the Federal Aviation Act grants the FAA Administrator general authority to
grant exemptions from the agency's safety regulations and minimum standards when the
Administrator decides a requested exemption is in the public interest. See 49 U.S.C. §§
106(f), 44701-44716, et seq. A party requesting an exemption must explain the reasons why
the exemption: (1) would benefit the public as a whole, and (2) would not adversely affect
safety or how it would provide a level of safety at least equal to the existing rules. 14 C.F.R.
§ 11.81.

         III. DESCRIPTION OF PRO DRONES AND ITS SERVICES

Pro Drones provides professional Unmanned Aircraft System solutions, delivering
customized services with its UAS products including surveying and mapping solutions.

Pro Drones is based in New York (USA) and Alma (Canada). In 2014, Pro Drones acquired
the exclusive rights to manufacture, distribute and develop custom solutions for Microdrones
products in North America. Pro Drones also sells Delair-Tech products, including the DT-18.

Pro Drones provides UAS solutions for utilities, allowing for safer and high precision
inspections of sites including power lines, pipelines, railways, and wind farms. Pro Drones'
services also support security and safety operations, such as monitoring or searching hard to
access areas. Pro Drones' products also allow unprecedented access to geospatial data to
support civil engineering projects. The UAS products can also provide detailed and timely
crop information from scouting land and conducting multispectral imagery collection.

sd-655014
U.S. Department of Transportation
February 9, 2015
Page Four

The contact information for Pro Drones is as follows:

Vivien Hériard Dubreuil            C/O William V. O'Connor
Pro Drones Higher Solutions        William D. Janicki
President                          Joanna L. Simon
www.Pro Drones.com                 Morrison & Foerster LLP
Tel (418) 800-0403                 12531 High Bluff Drive
vivien@Pro Drones.com              San Diego, CA 92130
                                   Tel (858) 720-5100
                                   WOConnor@mofo.com
                                   WJanicki@mofo.com
                                   JoannaSimon@mofo.com

         IV. DESCRIPTION OF PROPOSED OPERATIONS

                  A. The DT-18

The DT-18 was conceived and manufactured by Delair-Tech. Over ten DT-18 have been sold
to date. Globally, the DT-18 has completed 521 flights for a total of 231 flight hours and
12,600 km covered.

The DT-18 is hand launched and lands on its belly. It typically lands with a 5m precision.
Every aspect of the landing is automatic. It is the first and only UAS certified by the
Direction Generale de l'Aviation Civile (DGAC) for flight beyond line of sight (BLOS) up to
15km from the base station in the French civilian airspace (Scenario S4). However, flights
pursuant to the requested exemption will be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of
the pilot in command (PIC).3

The DT-18 is equipped with six control surfaces. It has one aileron on each wing, one flap
on each wing, and two ruddervators located on the empennage. The flaps are only used on
landing. They are also automatically deployed in case of an overspeed to act as speed
brakes.

3 Given the DT-18's proven record for operations BLOS and the Direction Generale de l'Aviation Civile
certification, Pro Drones intends to seek permission to operate BLOS in the United States in the future.

sd-655014
U.S. Department of Transportation
February 9, 2015
Page Five

                                      Figure 1: The DT-18 System

                    Figure 2: DT-18 Specifications

   Type of Motors                         Brushless, outrunner
     Cruise Speed                            31 mph (50 km/h)
      Max speed
                                           49.7 mph (80 km/h)
         Power      4S 8900mAh Li-Po, 270W Max Power
        Weight
Maximum Endurance                                   4.4 lbs (2kg)
       Wingspan                                     120 minutes
   Fuselage length                                    5.9 ft/1.8m
   Takeoff/landing                                   3.9 ft/1.2 m
   Wind resistance              Hand or catapult/belly or net
       C2 range                              31 mph (50 km/h)
   Data link range                   25 mi/40 km (857 MHz)
                                       9.3mi/15 km (5.8 Ghz)

sd-655014
U.S. Department of Transportation
February 9, 2015
Page Six

                  B. The DT-18 Flight Control System

The DT-18 Ground Control Station (GCS) serves as the operator interface, coordinating the
mission and communication functions including mission planning, near real-time mission
progress, video display, and function monitoring.

The GCS consists of a laptop and mission planning/execution software (SolApp), a case with
a built-in joystick and slider, a back-up controller, a steerable command and control link
antenna, and a steerable data link antenna.

The SolApp program conducts mission planning for the DT-18, with complete route
planning to include waypoints, identify No-Fly zones, and take into consideration the terrain
height. All of the takeoff and landing is planned in SolApp. The mission planning
information is up-loaded to the DT-18 prior to flight. SolApp also has the ability to change
and upload all mission planning during flight via the Command and Control link.

As part of the mission execution, SolApp has a check-list that confirms the following:

     DT-18 assembly
     Internal sensor (magnetometer, GPS, etc) calibration
     Payload functionality
     Weather inputs
     Carrying case controller (joystick and slider) calibration
     Antennae placement and calibration
     Uploading of mission information to DT-18

During flight, SolApp provides complete management of the DT-18 mission. The following
is provided during flight to the operator:

     Moving map showing the location of the DT-18
     Speed
     Heading
     Altitude
     Climb rate
     Link status
     Battery status
     All safety systems and alarms

sd-655014
U.S. Department of Transportation
February 9, 2015
Page Seven

                            Figure 3: SolApp Mission Planning Software

The DT-18 system operates under autopilot during missions, or can be controlled by the
joystick and slider built into the GCS. The joystick and slider operate through the command
control link of the GCS. The DT-18 system also includes a back-up controller, which
operates on a separate link from the GCS. The operator can bypass the DT-18 autopilot with
the back-up controller.

                                  Figure 4: GCS Joystick and Slider

sd-655014
U.S. Department of Transportation
February 9, 2015
Page Eight

                                     Figure 5: Back-up Controller

The command and control and data link antennae are part of the GCS. The two antennae are
mounted on a motorized steerable mount that will automatically track the location of the DT-
18. The main command and control link between the DT-18 and the GCS operates at a
frequency of 915 MHz (ISM Band). This link provides all the DT-18 flight information back
to the GCS and provides any updates to the mission from the GCS to the DT-18. The DT-18
uses the XBee-Pro 900HP Modem, which has FCC regulatory approval. See Figure 7,
XBee-Pro 900 Specifications. The data link on the DT-18 allows for the payload
information to be transmitted in near real-time between the DT-18 and the GCS. The data
link operates at a frequency of 5.8 GHz.

  Figure 6: Steerable Antenna (Command & Control Link Antenna) and Data Antenna

sd-655014
U.S. Department of Transportation
February 9, 2015
Page Nine

                             Figure 7: Specifications for XBee-Pro 900

sd-655014
U.S. Department of Transportation
February 9, 2015
Page Ten

Notable features include:

     Lost Link Mission Procedures: If at any time during the mission the command and
         control link is lost between the GCS and DT-18 for more than 30 seconds, the GCS
         and PIC are notified and the DT-18 will terminate the assigned mission. The DT-18
         will return to the pre-determined holding pattern location and will attempt to
         reestablish the link. If the link cannot be reestablished, the PIC can initiate the DT-18
         to recover using the back-up controller (safety-like). If both links cannot establish
         communication, the DT-18 will continue in the holding pattern. Once the battery
         reaches 12.5 B, the DT-18 will go into auto landing mode and will calculate a landing
         zone based upon the axis of flight when the fault occurred.

     Alarm monitoring: SolApp has an integrated annunciator panel, giving the pilot the
         alarm level at a glance. SolApp monitors various parameters such as the
         communication status, accelerator status, GPS status and so forth. The autopilot goes
         into the different levels of alarm depending on how long an abnormality persists. The
         autopilot will take certain actions to ensure the safety of those on the ground
         depending on the alarm monitor, such as flying to a predefined location to land
         automatically, defining a landing path using the current heading, or powering the
         motor off and circling over the current location while losing altitude until touchdown.
         The pilot can, at all times, gain full control over the aircraft if any of these autopilot
         decisions would be concerning in regard to security of those on the ground.

     Independent flight termination system: The DT-18 is equipped with an
         independent flight termination system, designed to stop the aircraft from flying by
         creating an important amount of drag to cause the DT-18 to fall to the ground with a
         limited amount of energy. The calculated impact force is less than 51 foot pounds
         (69J). The system itself includes a 1S low capacity Li-Po battery, a nylon bolt, a
         heating element and an electronic control board. If it is activated, the heating element
         melts the nylon bolt, which breaks. This nylon bolt holds the V-Tail to the fuselage,
         causing the V-Tail to pivot on a pin and become perpendicular to the airflow. This
         system will activate under three circumstances:

             o Total power loss (main electrical and avionics buses unpowered)
             o Critical autopilot failure (physical damage to the autopilot)
             o Manual activation from the ground station (to prevent the UAV from colliding

                  with another aircraft or any other obstacles, only as a last resort)

sd-655014
U.S. Department of Transportation
February 9, 2015
Page Eleven

                  Figure 8: DT-18 GCS Alarm Panel on SolApp GCS Software

                                   Figure 9: DT-18 Failsafe System

sd-655014
U.S. Department of Transportation
February 9, 2015
Page Twelve

                  C. Pro Drones' Proposed Operations Demonstrate an Equivalent
                           Level of Safety

                           1. General Description of Proposed Flight Operations

Pro Drones proposes to operate the DT-18 only on privately-owned, remote locations and
within the limitations and performance specifications listed in the Manuals, which are
summarized below.

The DT-18 will be used for a variety of purposes including line inspections of utilities with
real time mosaicking of pictures and live visual and thermal video feed, security and safety
monitoring with streaming visual and infra-red video, geospatial analysis for civil
engineering projects, and data collection for agricultural lands.

The proposed operations do not create any hazard to users of the national airspace system or
pose a threat to national security. The aircraft is battery operated and weighs approximately
4.4 pounds. The vehicle's ground speed has a maximum of 49.7 mph but it will be operated
below 25 miles per hour, and it will operate at or below 400 feet AGL. The DT-18 has an
alarm monitoring system and a fail-safe independent flight termination system.

Manned aircraft are at risk of fuel spillage and fire in the event of an incident or accident.
The DT-18 carries no fuel, and therefore the risk of fire following an incident or accident due
to fuel spillage is eliminated. Compared to manned aircraft, the unmanned aircraft reduces
the risk to participating persons in close proximity to the aircraft due to the limited size,
weight, operating conditions, and design safety features of the DT-18.

Pro Drones' operations will be over remote areas and over land that is secured by either Pro
Drones or its customers.

The FAA has determined that the risk of not having an electronic means to monitor and
communicate with other aircraft, such as transponders or sense and avoid technology, is
mitigated by placing limits on altitude, requiring stand-off distance from clouds, permitting
daytime operations only, and requiring that the aircraft be operated within visual line of sight
and yield right of way to all other manned operations. Additionally, the operator will request
a NOTAM prior to operations to alert other users of the NAS. See Exemption No. 11062,
Docket No. FAA 2014-0352, at p. 13, attached hereto as Attachment 4.

The petitioner's aircraft has the capability to operate safely after experiencing certain in-
flight failures, as specified above in the description of the Flight Control System in IV.B.
The aircraft is also able to respond to a lost-link event with a pre-coordinated, predictable,
automated flight maneuver returning to a pre-determined holding pattern location.

sd-655014
U.S. Department of Transportation
February 9, 2015
Page Thirteen

                           2. Specific Limitations on Proposed Flight Operations

Given the small size involved, the restricted environment within which they will operate, the
procedures listed below, and pilot certification requirements, Pro Drones' proposed
operations using the DT-18 would "not create a hazard to users of the national airspace
system or the public or pose a threat to national security." Reform Act Section 333(b)(1).

         1. The aircraft is approximately 4.4 pounds.

         2. The aircraft will be identified by serial number, registered with the FAA, and
                  will have identification (N-Number) markings as large as practicable.

         3. Flights will be operated within visual line of sight of the pilot in command
                  (PIC).

         4. Prior to each flight, a zero altitude initiation point will be established and
                  confirmed for accuracy by PIC.

         5. Maximum flight time for each operational flight will be 120 minutes.

         6. The aircraft will be safely landed with no less than the greater of (a) 20%
                  battery life remaining or (b) fifteen minutes of flight time remaining.

         7. The aircraft will be operated during daylight and in VFR conditions.

         8. Flights will not exceed 400 feet AGL.

         9. Flights will be operated at a lateral distance of at least 500 feet from any
                  persons or property not associated with the operation who have not given
                  prior permission.

         10. Flights will be limited to a groundspeed of 25 mph.

         11. Minimum crew for each flight will consist of a PIC and a Visual Observer.

         12. The PIC will possess at least a private pilot certificate and a third class
                  medical certificate.

         13. Prior to the flight, a Mission Plan will be created setting forth the limitations
                  for the flight as well as contact information for the PIC.

         14. The flight operations will yield the right of way to other manned aircraft
                  operations.

sd-655014
U.S. Department of Transportation
February 9, 2015
Page Fourteen

         15. All persons who are not involved with Pro Drones' operations will be required
                  to be at least 500 feet from flight operations.

         16. The aircraft will only operate over sites with the consent of the owner.

         17. Pro Drones will provide NOTAM details to the FAA 24 hours prior to each
                  flight.

         18. All required permissions and permits will be obtained from territory, state,
                  county or city jurisdictions prior to flight.

         19. Prior to commencing operations, Pro Drones will obtain a Certificate of
                  Waiver or Authorization (COA) from the FAA.

         20. If the aircraft loses communications, it will have the capability to return to a
                  pre-determined location within the operational area and land.

         21. If the aircraft loses its GPS signal it will have the capability of being flown
                  manually to a predetermined location within the operational area and land.

         22. The flight will be aborted in case of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

         23. Each flight will be recorded in an Aircraft Logbook and by the PIC in the
                  Pilot Logbook.

         24. Maintenance on the aircraft will be recorded in an Aircraft Logbook.

                           3. Flight Recovery, Lost Communications, and Lost GPS
                                    Procedures

The flight recovery, lost communications, and lost GPS procedures are documented above,
and are more fully documented in the attached DT-18 Operator Manual. See Attachment 3.

         V. PRIOR OPERATIONAL APPROVALS

The DT-18 has received prior operational approvals in the U.S., Canada, and France, further
verifying it is safe for use.

     The DT-18 was granted a COA by the FAA for the "Operation of the Delair-Tech
         DT-18 Unmanned Aircraft System (UAS) in Class G airspace at or below 400 feet
         Above Ground Level (AGL) at Musgrave Research Farm, in the vicinity of Aurora,
         NY, under the jurisdiction of Elmira TRACON." See Attachment 5.

sd-655014
U.S. Department of Transportation
February 9, 2015
Page Fifteen

     The DT-18 was granted two Special Flight Operations Certificates (SFOCs) by
         Transport Canada. See Attachments 6 - 7.

The FAA COA noted that "[t]he Griffiss International Airport has made its own determination
that the Delair-Tech DT-18 unmanned aircraft is airworthy." (Attachment 5 p. 3) Transport
Canada made a similar finding, stating that Pro Drones dba Flyterra "is adequately equipped and
able to conduct a safe operation" using the DT-18. (Attachment 6 p. 1)

         VI. SPECIFIC FAR EXEMPTIONS REQUESTED

Pro Drones seeks an exemption from several interrelated provisions of 14 C.F.R. Parts 21,
45, 61, and 91 for purposes of conducting the requested operations using the DT-18. Listed
below are (1) the specific FAR sections for which exemption is sought, and (2) the operating
procedures and safeguards that Pro Drones has established which will ensure a level of safety
better than or equal to the rules from which exemption is sought. See 14 C.F.R. § 11.81 (e).

                  A. 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H ­ Airworthiness Certificates and 14
                           C.F.R. § 91.203(a)(1)

The FAA has stated that no exemption is needed from this section if a finding is made under
the Reform Act that the UAS selected provides an equivalent level of safety when compared
to aircraft normally used for the same application. These criteria are met, and therefore no
exemption is needed. See Attachment 1, Grant of Exemption to Astraeus Aerial, Docket No.
FAA 2014-0352 at 13-14, 22. If, however, the FAA determines that there are some
characteristics of the DT-18 that fail to meet the requirements of the Reform Act, an
exemption is requested.

Equivalent Level of Safety: The DT-18 is safe when taking into account its size, weight,
speed, and operational capability. The DT-18 weighs approximately 4.4 pounds and will be
flown at speeds less than 25 miles per hour, in visual line of sight of the operator, and in
remote and unpopulated airspace over land only with the consent of the owner. The DT-18
does not carry pilots, passengers, explosive materials, or flammable liquid fuels. The DT-18
will be operated within the parameters of the Manuals.

Pro Drones will also provide the FAA with advance notice of all operations via NOTAM and
coordination with the local FSDO. The proposed operations will be at least as safe as, or
safer than, conventional aircraft and/or rotorcraft operating with an airworthiness certificate
without the restrictions and conditions proposed here. The proposed operations will also be
as safe, or safer than traditional surveying or inspection activities.

sd-655014
U.S. Department of Transportation
February 9, 2015
Page Sixteen

                  B. 14 C.F.R. §§ 45.23(b), 45.27(a) and 91.9(c): Aircraft Marking and
                           Identification Requirements

14 C.F.R. §45.23(b), Markings of the Aircraft states:

         When marks include only the Roman capital letter "N" and the registration number is
         displayed on limited, restricted or light-sport category aircraft or experimental or
         provisionally certificated aircraft, the operator must also display on that aircraft near
         each entrance to the cabin, cockpit, or pilot station, in letters not less than 2 inches
         nor more than 6 inches high, the words "limited," "restricted," "light-sport,
         "experimental," or "provisional," as applicable.

14 C.F.R. § 91.9(c) states:

         No person may operate a U.S.-registered civil aircraft unless that aircraft is identified
         in accordance with part 45 of this chapter.

In a previous Grant of Exemption, the FAA determined that exemption from these
requirements was warranted provided that the aircraft "have identification (N-Number)
markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C if the markings are "as large as
practicable." See Exemption No. 11062, Docket No. FAA 2014-0352, at p. 14.

Equivalent Level of Safety: Pro Drones will mark all DT-18s with their N-Number in a
prominent spot on the fuselage with markings that are as large as practicable.

                  C. 14 C.F.R. § 61.113: Private Pilot Privileges and Limitations

Pro Drones seeks exemption from 14 CFR § 61.113, which restricts private pilots from flying
aircraft for compensation or hire and would also require a second class medical certificate.
The purpose of Part 61 is to ensure that the skill and competency of any PIC matches the
airspace in which the PIC will be operating, as well as requiring certifications if the pilot is
carrying passengers or cargo for hire.

While the DT-18 will be operated as part of a commercial operation, it carries neither
passengers nor cargo. In the Grant of Exemption in FAA Docket No. FAA-2014-0352, the
FAA determined that the unique characteristics of UAS operation outside of controlled
airspace did not warrant the additional cost and restrictions attendant with requiring the PIC
to have a commercial pilot certificate and a class II medical certificate. The FAA has also
determined that the required knowledge for a commercial pilot covers the same fundamental
principles as a private pilot.

sd-655014
U.S. Department of Transportation
February 9, 2015
Page Seventeen

The PIC will possess at least a private pilot certificate, a third class medical certificate, and
will have completed the Delair-Tech training course for the DT-18. See the Pro Drones DT-
18 Training/Experience Manual for more information. (Attachment 2.)

The FAA stated in its grant of an exception to Astraeus Aerial the "the FAA considers the
overriding safety factor for the limited operations proposed by the petitioner to be the
airmanship skills acquired through UAS-specific flight cycles, flight time, and specific make
and model experience, culminating in verification through testing." See Exemption No.
11062, Docket No. FAA 2014-0352, at p. 18. The proposed operations can achieve an
equivalent level of safety by requiring the knowledge and experience in DT-18 operations
described above.

Furthermore, the security screening conducted by the Transportation Security Administration
of certificated airmen satisfies the statutory requirement of Section 333 for operations to not
pose a threat to national security.

The restrictions Pro Drones has placed on its DT-18 operations meet or exceed the
restrictions similarly imposed on Astraeus Aerial in FAA Docket No. FAA-2014-0352. Pro
Drones will operate in unpopulated areas with the consent of the land owner away from
persons and property not involved in the operation. The aircraft will be flown based on
VLOS at or below 400 feet AGL. A NOTAM will be issued at least 24 hours before the
flight is to occur, and the flight will be coordinated with the applicable FSDO.

                  D. 14 C.F.R. § 91.7(a): Civil Aircraft Airworthiness

Pro Drones seeks an exemption from 14 C.F.R. § 91.7(a), which requires that a civil aircraft
be in airworthy condition to be operated. The FAA has stated that no exemption is required
to the extent that the requirements of Part 21 are waived or found inapplicable. Accordingly,
Pro Drones requests that the requirements for Section 91.7 be treated in accordance with
FAR Part 21 Subpart H. See Grant of Exemption No. 11062, p. 19.

                  E. 14 C.F.R. § 91.9(b)(2): Civil Aircraft Flight Manual in the
                           Aircraft; 14 C.F.R. §§ 91.203(a) and (b): Carrying Civil Aircraft
                            Certification and Registration

Pursuant to 14 C.F.R. § 91.9(b)(2):

         (b) No person may operate a U.S.-registered civil aircraft -
                  ...

                  (2) For which an Airplane or Rotorcraft Flight Manual is required by §
                           21.5 of this chapter, unless there is available in the aircraft a current

sd-655014
U.S. Department of Transportation
February 9, 2015
Page Eighteen

                           approved Airplane or Rotorcraft Flight Manual, approved manual
                           material, markings, and placards, or any combination thereof.

Pursuant to 14 C.F.R. § 91.203(a) and (b):

         (a) Except as provided in § 91.715, no person may operate a civil aircraft unless it
                  has within it the following:

                  (1) An appropriate and current airworthiness certificate...

         (b) No person may operate a civil aircraft unless the airworthiness certificate
                  required by paragraph (a) of this section or a special flight authorization
                  issued under § 91.715 is displayed at the cabin or cockpit entrance so that it is
                  legible to passengers or crew.

Pro Drones does not request an exemption from this section but instead notifies the FAA
that, in accordance with FAA Office of Chief Counsel's Opinion dated August 8, 2014, the
UAS flight manual, registration certificate and other documentation will be kept at the
control station with the PIC during flight. The Chief Counsel's Office has held that for all
UAS operations, this alternate method constitutes full compliance with the regulations. See
also Grant of Exemption No. 11062, pp. 19-20, and Grant of Exemption No. 8607.

                  F. 14 C.F.R. § 91.103: Preflight Action

Pro Drones seeks an exemption from 14 C.F.R. § 91.103, which requires a PIC to become
familiar with specific information before each flight, including information contained in the
FAA-approved Flight Manual on board the aircraft. The aircraft will not have a Flight
Manual on board. The PIC will take all actions including reviewing weather, flight battery
requirements, landing and takeoff distances and aircraft performance data before initiation of
flight. Under these circumstances, the FAA has stated that no exemption is required. See
Grant of Exemption No. 11062, p. 20. An exemption is requested to the extent that an FAA-
approved Flight Manual is required.

Equivalent Level of Safety: An equivalent level of safety will be provided by following the
Manuals. The PIC will take all required preflight actions - including performing all required
checklists and reviewing weather, flight requirements, battery charge, landing and takeoff
distance, aircraft performance data, and contingency landing areas - before initiation of
flight. The Manuals will be kept at the ground station with the operator at all times.

sd-655014
U.S. Department of Transportation
February 9, 2015
Page Nineteen

                  G. 14 C.F.R. § 91.109(a): Flight Instruction

Pro Drones seeks an exemption from 14 C.F.R. § 91.109(a), which provides that "[n]o
person may operate a civil aircraft (except a manned free balloon) that is being used for flight
instruction unless that aircraft has fully functioning dual controls." UASs and remotely
piloted aircraft, by their design, do not have functional dual controls. Instead, flight control is
accomplished through the use of the Ground Control System consisting of the antenna with
the command and control link and the data link, a case with a built-in joystick, and a back-up
controller that communicates with the aircraft via radio modem communications.

Equivalent Level of Safety: When flight instruction is performed, no pilots will be on the
aircraft and the GCS will be a safe distance from the aircraft and the public, causing no
safety hazard. Given the size and speed of the DT-18, an equivalent level of safe training can
still be performed without dual controls because no pilot or passengers are aboard the
aircraft, and all persons will be a safe distance away in the event that the aircraft experiences
any difficulties during flight instruction. In addition, Pro Drones will conduct flight training
at a remote facility away from population centers. These training flights will comply with the
provisions in the Manuals. Accordingly, Pro Drones' proposed method of operation provides
superior levels of safety.

                  H. 14 C.F.R. § 91.119(c): Minimum Safe Altitudes in Uncongested
                           Areas

Pro Drones requests an exemption from the minimum safe altitude requirements of 14 C.F.R.
§ 91.119(c). Section 91.119(c) prescribes that an aircraft may not be operated closer than 500
feet to any person, vessel, vehicle, or structure. The Manuals provide for operations away
from congested population areas, but in close proximity to potential inspection sites and
structures. The FAA has already determined that relief from Section 91.119(c) is warranted
for UAS operations in uncongested areas with similar flight restrictions as those imposed by
Pro Drones. See Grant of Exemption No. 11062, p. 20-21.

Equivalent Level of Safety: Compared to flight operations with rotorcraft/aircraft weighing
far more than the maximum weights proposed herein, and given the lack of flammable fuel,
any risk associated with these operations is far less than those that presently existing with
conventional aircraft. An equivalent level of safety will be achieved given the size, weight,
and speed of the DT-18, as well as the locations where it is operated. In order to avoid any
risk to aircraft, flight operations will be restricted to 400 feet AGL or below. This is airspace
where other aircraft do not normally operate. As set forth in the Manuals and herein, the DT-
18 will be operated over land with the consent of the owner, away from persons or structures
not involved in the operation. All persons who are not involved with Pro Drones' operations
will be required to be at least 500 feet from flight operations.

sd-655014
U.S. Department of Transportation
February 9, 2015
Page Twenty

                  I. 14 C.F.R. § 91.121: Altimeter Settings

This petition seeks an exemption from 14 C.F.R. § 91.121, which requires a person operating
an aircraft to maintain cruising altitude or flight level by reference to an altimeter that is set
to the elevation of the departure airport.

Equivalent Level of Safety: The FAA has stated that an equivalent level of safety can be
achieved if the aircraft will be operated at or below 400 feet AGL and within visual line-of-
sight in addition to GPS based altitude information relayed in real time to the operator. See
Grant of Exemption No. 11062, p. 20-21. As the attached Manuals indicate, the DT-18 will
be operated at or below 400 feet AGL and otherwise comply with the limitations in the Grant
of Exemption No. 11062.

                  J. 14 C.F.R. § 91.151(a): Fuel Requirements for Flight in VFR
                           Conditions

Pro Drones requests an exemption from 14 C.F.R. § 91.151(a)'s fuel requirements for flight
in VFR conditions. Section 91.151 states:

         (a) No person may begin a flight in an airplane under VFR conditions unless
                  (considering wind and forecast weather conditions) there is enough fuel to fly
                  to the first point of intended landing and, assuming normal cruising speed -

                  (1) During the day, to fly after that for at least 30 minutes; or

                  (2) At night, to fly after that for at least 45 minutes.

The aircraft is battery powered with a maximum flight time of 120 minutes. The aircraft will
be safely landed with no less than the greater of (a) 20% battery life remaining or (b) fifteen
minutes of flight time remaining.

Equivalent Level of Safety: The FAA has stated that an equivalent level of safety is provided
if the UAS flight is conducted under daytime VFR flight conditions using VLOS, and
terminated with at least 25% reserve battery power still available. See Grant of Exemption
No. 11062, p. 21-22. The Manuals providing an equivalent level of safety by safely landing
with no less than the greater of (a) 20% battery life remaining or (b) fifteen minutes of flight
time remaining and otherwise complying with the flight restrictions above.

sd-655014
U.S. Department of Transportation
February 9, 2015
Page Twenty-One

                  K. 14 C.F.R. §§ 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(l), 91.409(a)(2); 91.417(a) and
                           (b): Maintenance Inspections

Pro Drones seeks an exemption from the maintenance inspection requirements contained in
14 C.F.R. § 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(l), 91.409(a)(2); 91.417(a) and (b). These regulations
specify maintenance and inspection standards in reference to 14 C.F.R. Part 43. See, e.g., 14
C.F.R. § 91.405(a) (stating that each owner or operator of an aircraft "[s]hall have the aircraft
inspected as prescribed in subpart E of this part and shall between required inspections ...
have discrepancies repaired as prescribed in part 43 of this chapter"). An exemption from
these regulations is needed because Part 43 and these sections only apply to aircraft with an
airworthiness certificate, which the DT-18 will not have.

Equivalent Level of Safety: An equivalent level of safety will be achieved because
maintenance and inspections will be performed in accordance with the Manuals. This
includes maintenance, overhaul, replacement, and inspection requirements for the aircraft
and procedures to document and maintain maintenance records for the aircraft. This also
includes preflight inspection procedures. See Exemption No. 11062, Docket No. FAA 2014-
0352, at p. 14-15.

As provided in the Manuals, flights will not be conducted unless a flight operations checklist
is performed that includes all of the aircraft's components. The Manuals also set
requirements for maintenance log books and record keeping as well as routine and post-flight
maintenance. The Manuals set requirements for both annual maintenance and preventative
maintenance.

         VII. PUBLIC INTEREST

Granting Pro Drones' petition for exemption furthers the public interest. National policy set
by Congress favors early integration of UAS into the NAS in controlled, safe, working
environments. By granting this petition, the FAA will fulfill Congress's intent of allowing
UAS to operate safely in the NAS before completion of the rulemaking required under
Section 332 of the Reform Act.

Pro Drones' DT-18 allows for safer and more thorough surveys and inspections of buildings,
construction sites, pipelines, railways, etc. Such inspections and surveys traditionally
required either manned aircraft or people surveying on foot.

The DT-18 is a safer option than traditional manned aircraft. The DT-18 is approximately
4.4 pounds, carries no passengers or crew and has no flammable fuel, as opposed to larger
and more powerful helicopters and small airplanes. The public has an interest in reducing
the hazards to human health and safety and property associated with such traditional manned
aircraft for inspection operations. Moreover, an additional benefit is the reduced emissions

sd-655014
U.S. Department of Transportation
February 9, 2015
Page Twenty-Two

associated with the proposed UAS use, which addresses both environmental and human
health imperatives.
The DT-18 also allows for safer agricultural surveying compared to manned aircraft and or
higher precision surveying compared to satellite. Satellite imagery has much lower precision
and is not "on demand." The DT-18 will allow for high precision imagery and surveying of
agricultural fields. Here too, the benefits to human health and safety and property obtain.
But in addition to the environmental benefits of reduced emissions from traditional aircraft,
the use of UAS can support more targeted applications of irrigation, herbicides, and
fertilizers to agricultural lands, which also benefit the environment.

         VIII. PRIVACY
All flights will occur over unpopulated areas, with the consent of the landowner. All flights
will be conducted in accordance with any federal, state or local laws regarding privacy.

         IX. SUMMARY FOR FEDERAL REGISTER
Pursuant to 14 C.F.R. Part 11, the following summary is provided for publication in the
Federal Register, should it be determined that publication is needed:
Pro Drones seeks an exemption from the following rules for the commercial operation of a
small unmanned aerial system: 14 C.F.R Part 21, Subpart H; 14 C.F.R Part 27; 14 C.F.R §
45.23(b); 14 C.F.R. § 45.27(a); 14 C.F.R § 61.113; 14 C.F.R § 91.7(a); 14 C.F.R §
91.9(b)(2); 14 C.F.R § 91.9(c); 14 C.F.R § 91.103; 14 C.F.R § 91.109(a); 14 C.F.R § 91.119;
14 C.F.R § 91.121; 14 C.F.R § 91.151(a) & (b) 14 C.F.R § 91.203 (a) & (b); 14 C.F.R §
91.405(a); 14 C.F.R § 91.407(a)(l); 14 C.F.R § 91.409(a)(2); 14 C.F.R § 91.417 (a) & (b).
The exemption will enhance safety by reducing risk to the operator, the general public and
property owners from the substantial hazards associated with performing equivalent work
using conventional aircraft and rotorcraft.

sd-655014
U.S. Department of Transportation
February 9, 2015
Page Twenty-Three

X. ATTACHMENTS

Attachment 1:  Pro Drones DT-18 Operations, Inspection, and Maintenance Manual

Attachment 2:  Pro Drones DT-18 Training/Experience Manual

Attachment 3:  DT-18 Operator Manual

Attachment 4:  Grant of Exemption to Astraeus Aerial, Docket No. FAA 2014-0352.

Attachment 5:  FAA Form 7711-UAS COA Attachment, 2014-ESA-102 ­Certificate
               of Waiver of Authorization for Griffiss International Airport Test Site

Attachment 6:  Special Flight Operations Certificate (SFOC) for DT-18 issued by
               Transport Canada on September 12, 2014 for operations at unspecified
               locations in the Province of Ontario.

Attachment 7:  Special Flight Operations Certificate (SFOC) for DT-18 issued by
               Transport Canada on September 19, 2014 for operations in the
               provinces of Alberta, Saskatchewan, Manitoba and the Yukon,
               Northwest and Nunavut Territories

Attachments 1-3 are confidential documents submitted under 14 C.F.R. § 11.35(b) and are
exempt from disclosure under the Freedom of Information Act, 5 U.S.C. § 552 et seq., and
any other requirements established by the FAA pursuant to Section 333 of the Reform Act).
If you have any questions or require any additional information, please do not hesitate to
contact the undersigned attorneys for Pro Drones.

         XI. CONCLUSION

Satisfaction of the criteria provided in Section 333 of the Reform Act - size, weight, speed,
operating capabilities, proximity to airports and populated areas, operation within visual line
of sight, and national security considerations - provides more than adequate justification for
the grant of the requested exemptions to permit Pro Drones to operate the DT-18 for
commercial purposes.

Granting the requested exemption will benefit the public interest as a whole in many ways,
including (1) significantly improving safety and reducing risk by alleviating human exposure

sd-655014
U.S. Department of Transportation
February 9, 2015
Page Twenty-Four
to danger; (2) improving the quality of services Pro Drones can provide to its customers; (3)
decreasing operating costs related to survey and inspection activities; (4) reducing
environmental impacts aerial surveys and inspections; and (5) supporting agricultural
applications and treatments that reduce environmental impacts.
Sincerely,

William V. O'Connor
William D. Janicki
Joanna L. Simon
Morrison & Foerster LLP
12531 High Bluff Drive, Suite 100
San Diego, CA 92130-2040
Telephone: (858) 720-5100
Facsimile: (858) 720-5125
woconnor@mofo.com
wjanicki@mofo.com
joannasimon@mofo.com

sd-655014
Attachment 1
                  Submitted confidentially under 14 C.F.R § 11.35(b).
Exempt from disclosure under the Freedom of Information Act, 5 U.S.C § 552 et

                                                 seq.
Attachment 2
                  Submitted confidentially under 14 C.F.R § 11.35(b).
Exempt from disclosure under the Freedom of Information Act, 5 U.S.C § 552 et

                                                 seq.
Attachment 3
                  Submitted confidentially under 14 C.F.R § 11.35(b).
Exempt from disclosure under the Freedom of Information Act, 5 U.S.C § 552 et

                                                 seq.
Attachment 4
                Exemption No. 11062

      UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
 DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION
FEDERAL AVIATION ADMINISTRATION

          WASHINGTON, DC 20591

In the matter of the petition of          Regulatory Docket No. FAA-2014-0352

ASTRAEUS AERIAL

for an exemption from part 21;
§§ 45.23(b); 61.113(a) and (b); 91.7(a);
91.9(b)(2); 91.103; 91.109; 91.119;
91.121; 91.151(a); 91.203(a) and (b);
91.405(a); 91.407(a)(1);
91.409(a)(2); and 91.417(a) and (b)
of Title 14, Code of Federal Regulations

                                       GRANT OF EXEMPTION

   By letter dated May 27, 2014, Jonathan B. Hill, Cooley LLC, Counsel for Astraeus Aerial,
and John McGraw, Aerospace Consulting, LLC, Agent for Astraeus Aerial, 1299
Pennsylvania Avenue, NW., Suite 700, Washington, DC 20004 petitioned the Federal
Aviation Administration (FAA) on behalf of Astraeus Aerial (Astraeus) for an exemption
from part 21, §§ 45.23(b), 61.113(a) and (b), 91.7(a), 91.9(b)(2), 91.103, 91.109, 91.119,
91.121, 91.151(a), 91.203(a) and (b), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(2), and 91.417(a) and
(b) of Title 14, Code of Federal Regulations (14 CFR). The proposed exemption, if granted,
would allow operation of unmanned aircraft systems (UAS) for the purpose of scripted,
closed-set filming for the motion picture and television industry.

The petitioner requests relief from the following regulations:

       Part 21 prescribes, in pertinent part, the procedural requirements for issuing and
       changing design approvals, production approvals, airworthiness certificates, and
       airworthiness approvals.

       Section 45.23(b) prescribes, in pertinent part, that when marks include only the Roman
       capital letter "N" and the registration number is displayed on limited, restricted or light-
       sport category aircraft or experimental or provisionally certificated aircraft, the operator

AFS-14-320-E
                                                2
must also display on that aircraft near each entrance to the cabin, cockpit, or pilot
station, in letters not less than 2 inches nor more than 6 inches high, the words
"limited," "restricted," "light-sport," "experimental," or "provisional," as applicable.

Section 61.113(a) and (b) prescribes that--

          (a) no person who holds a private pilot certificate may act as a pilot in
              command of an aircraft that is carrying passengers or property for
              compensation or hire; nor may that person, for compensation or hire, act as
              pilot in command of an aircraft.

          (b) a private pilot may, for compensation or hire, act as pilot in command of an
              aircraft in connection with any business or employment if:

                   (1) The flight is only incidental to that business or employment; and

                   (2) The aircraft does not carry passengers or property for compensation
                       or hire.

Section 91.7(a) prescribes, in pertinent part, that no person may operate a civil aircraft
unless it is in an airworthy condition.

Section 91.9(b)(2) prohibits operation of U.S.-registered civil aircraft unless there is
available in the aircraft a current approved Airplane or Rotorcraft Flight Manual,
approved manual material, markings, and placards, or any combination thereof.

Section 91.103 prescribes, in pertinent part, that each pilot in command shall, before
beginning a flight, become familiar with all available information concerning that
flight, to include--

          (a) For a flight under IFR or a flight not in the vicinity of an airport, weather
              reports and forecasts, fuel requirements, alternatives available if the
              planned flight cannot be completed, and any known traffic delays of which
              the pilot in command has been advised by ATC;

          (b) For any flight, runway lengths at airports of intended use, and the following
              takeoff and landing distance information:

                   (1) For civil aircraft for which an approved Airplane or Rotorcraft
                       Flight Manual containing takeoff and landing distance data is
                       required, the takeoff and landing distance data contained therein;
                       and
                                                3

                   (2) For civil aircraft other than those specified in paragraph (b)(1) of
                       this section, other reliable information appropriate to the aircraft,
                       relating to aircraft performance under expected values of airport
                       elevation and runway slope, aircraft gross weight, and wind and
                       temperature.

Section 91.109 prescribes, in pertinent part, that no person may operate a civil aircraft
(except a manned free balloon) that is being used for flight instruction unless that
aircraft has fully functioning dual controls.

Section 91.119 prescribes that, except when necessary for takeoff or landing, no person
may operate an aircraft below the following altitudes:

          (a) Anywhere. An altitude allowing, if a power unit fails, an emergency
              landing without undue hazard to persons or property on the surface.

          (b) Over congested areas. Over any congested area of a city, town, or
              settlement, or over any open air assembly of persons, an altitude of 1,000
              feet above the highest obstacle within a horizontal radius of 2,000 feet of
              the aircraft.

          (c) Over other than congested areas. An altitude of 500 feet above the surface,
              except over open water or sparsely populated areas. In those cases, the
              aircraft may not be operated closer than 500 feet to any person, vessel,
              vehicle, or structure.

          (d) Helicopters, powered parachutes, and weight-shift-control aircraft. If the
              operation is conducted without hazard to persons or property on the
              surface--

                   (1) A helicopter may be operated at less than the minimums prescribed
                       in paragraph (b) or (c) of this section, provided each person
                       operating the helicopter complies with any routes or altitudes
                       specifically prescribed for helicopters by the FAA; and

                   (2) A powered parachute or weight-shift-control aircraft may be
                       operated at less than the minimums prescribed in paragraph (c) of
                       this section.

Section 91.121 requires, in pertinent part, each person operating an aircraft to maintain
cruising altitude by reference to an altimeter that is set "to the elevation of the departure
airport or an appropriate altimeter setting available before departure."
                                                4

Section 91.151(a) prescribes that no person may begin a flight in an airplane under
VFR conditions unless (considering wind and forecast weather conditions) there is
enough fuel to fly to the first point of intended landing and, assuming normal
cruising speed, (1) during the day, to fly after that for at least 30 minutes; or (2) At
night, to fly after that for at least 45 minutes. [emphasis added]

Section 91.203(a) prohibits, in pertinent part, any person from operating a civil aircraft
unless it has within it (1) an appropriate and current airworthiness certificate; and (2) an
effective U.S. registration certificate issued to its owner or, for operation within the
United States, the second copy of the Aircraft Registration Application as provided for
in § 47.31(c). Section 91.203(b) prescribes, in pertinent part, that no person may
operate a civil aircraft unless the airworthiness certificate or a special flight
authorization issued under § 91.715 is displayed at the cabin or cockpit entrance so that
it is legible to passengers or crew.

Section 91.405(a) requires, in pertinent part, that an aircraft operator or owner shall
have that aircraft inspected as prescribed in subpart E of the same part and shall,
between required inspections, except as provided in paragraph (c) of the same section,
have discrepancies repaired as prescribed in part 43 of the chapter.

Section 91.407(a)(1) prohibits, in pertinent part, any person from operating an aircraft
that has undergone maintenance, preventive maintenance, rebuilding, or alteration
unless it has been approved for return to service by a person authorized under § 43.7 of
the same chapter.

Section 91.409(a)(2) prescribes, in pertinent part, that no person may operate an aircraft
unless, within the preceding 12 calendar months, it has had an inspection for the
issuance of an airworthiness certificate in accordance with part 21 of this chapter.

Section 91.417(a) and (b) prescribes, in pertinent part, that--

          (a) Each registered owner or operator shall keep the following records for the
              periods specified in paragraph (b) of this section:

                   (1) Records of the maintenance, preventive maintenance, and alteration
                       and records of the 100-hour, annual, progressive, and other required
                       or approved inspections, as appropriate, for each aircraft (including
                       the airframe) and each engine, propeller, rotor, and appliance of an
                       aircraft. The records must include--

                       (i) A description (or reference to data acceptable to the
                            Administrator) of the work performed; and

                       (ii) The date of completion of the work performed; and
                                      5

             (iii) The signature, and certificate number of the person approving
                   the aircraft for return to service.

         (2) Records containing the following information:

              (i) The total time in service of the airframe, each engine, each
                   propeller, and each rotor.

              (ii) The current status of life-limited parts of each airframe, engine,
                   propeller, rotor, and appliance.

              (iii) The time since last overhaul of all items installed on the
                    aircraft which are required to be overhauled on a specified
                    time basis.

              (iv) The current inspection status of the aircraft, including the time
                    since the last inspection required by the inspection program
                    under which the aircraft and its appliances are maintained.

              (v) The current status of applicable airworthiness directives (AD)
                   and safety directives including, for each, the method of
                   compliance, the AD or safety directive number and revision
                   date. If the AD or safety directive involves recurring action, the
                   time and date when the next action is required.

              (vi) Copies of the forms prescribed by § 43.9(d) of this chapter for
                    each major alteration to the airframe and currently installed
                    engines, rotors, propellers, and appliances.

(b) The owner or operator shall retain the following records for the periods
    prescribed:

         (1) The records specified in paragraph (a)(1) of this section shall be
             retained until the work is repeated or superseded by other work or
             for 1 year after the work is performed.

         (2) The records specified in paragraph (a)(2) of this section shall be
             retained and transferred with the aircraft at the time the aircraft is
             sold.

         (3) A list of defects furnished to a registered owner or operator under
             § 43.11 of this chapter shall be retained until the defects are
             repaired and the aircraft is approved for return to service.
                                                        6

The petitioner supports its request with the following information:

The petitioner has provided the following information ­ contained in its petition and
supplemental proprietary Flight Operations and Procedures Manual (hereafter FOPM) and
Motion Picture and Television Operations Manual (hereafter MPTOM) ­ in support of its
exemption request. The petitioner submitted additional information in response to the FAA's
August 7, 2014 request which is posted to the docket. The FAA has organized the petitioner's
information into three sections: 1) the unmanned aircraft system, 2) the UAS Pilot In
Command (PIC), and 3) the UAS operating parameters.

Unmanned Aircraft System

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a proprietary design, conceived and constructed by
Astraeus Aerial, and referred to as the Astraeus Aerial Cinema System V.3CS UAS aircraft
variant, serial #001 onward (hereafter referred to as V.3). This aircraft has eight rotors and
eight motors in a quadcopter configuration (X8). The petitioner states that given the size,
weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the aircraft to be utilized by the
applicant, an exemption from 14 CFR part 21, Subpart H (Airworthiness Certificates), subject
to certain conditions and limitations, is warranted and meets the requirements for an
equivalent level of safety under 14 CFR part 11 and Section 333 of the FAA Modernization
and Reform Act of 2012 (PL 112-95). The petitioner further states that UAS operated without
an airworthiness certificate in the restricted environment and under the conditions and
limitations proposed by the petitioner will be at least as safe, or safer, than a conventional
aircraft (fixed wing or rotorcraft) operating with an airworthiness certificate issued under 14
CFR part 21, Subpart H and not subject to the proposed conditions and limitations.

The petitioner states that the unmanned aircraft (UA) to be operated under this request is less
than 55 lbs. fully loaded, flies at a speed of no more than 50 knots, carries neither a pilot nor
passenger, carries no explosive materials or flammable liquid fuels, and operates exclusively
within a secured area as set out in the MPTOM. In addition, the petitioner has integrated
safety features into the design of the UAS, as described in the petitioner's FOPM, to ensure
the safety of persons and property within and surrounding the limited operating area. The
petitioner further describes that, in the event the UAS loses communications or its GPS signal,
the UA will have the capability to return to a pre-determined location within the Security
Perimeter and land. It will also have the capability to abort a flight in the event of unpredicted
obstacles or emergencies.

The petitioner states that even though its UAS will have no airworthiness certificate, an
exemption may be needed from 14 CFR § 45.23 as the UA will have no entrance to the cabin,
cockpit, or pilot station on which the word "experimental" can be placed. Given the size of the
UA, the petitioner notes that the two-inch lettering will be impossible. The petitioner asserts
that an equivalent level of safety will be provided by having the UA marked with the word
"experimental" on the fuselage in compliance with 14 CFR § 45.29(f), in a location where the
pilot, observer, and others working with the UA will see the identification.
                                                        7

The petitioner states that the maintenance requirements in the pertinent sections of 14 CFR
part 91 are only applicable to aircraft with an airworthiness certificate in accordance with part
43. The petitioner states that its V.3 UAS does not have specific maintenance instructions;
therefore the petitioner has developed and documented in its MPTOM and FOPM an "on-
condition" maintenance process for the V.3 UAS affected by this exemption. The petitioner
has also stated that it intends to follow any manufacturers' recommended instructions and
procedures when those procedures exist for certain components of its V.3 UAS.

UAS Pilot In Command (PIC)

The petitioner asserts that since the UA will not carry a pilot or passengers on board, the
proposed operations will not adversely affect safety by requiring the PIC operating the aircraft
to have a private pilot's license rather than a commercial pilot's license. In support of its
position, the petitioner argues that, since there are no standards for either private or
commercial UAS pilot certificates, knowledge of airspace regulations and dexterity in the
control and operation of the UAS acquired from actual operation of the aircraft will be the
most important factors in establishing an equivalent level of safety. Furthermore, the
petitioner explains that, given the restricted and controlled airspace within which operations
will take place, the key factors needed by the PIC are knowledge of the airspace within which
the "closed-set filming" operation will take place and how that airspace fits into the National
Airspace System (NAS). The petitioner also states that it cannot be assumed that a
commercial pilot, approved to operate a helicopter or fixed wing aircraft, has the skill or
ability to safely operate an unmanned aerial vehicle, operating at 400 feet AGL or lower,
within strictly controlled pre-approved airspace. The petitioner asserts that there are relatively
few certificated pilots who are also qualified to fly the type of UAS utilized in motion picture
industry image-capture operations. Astraeus further asserts that there are even fewer
commercially certificated pilots that can fly these UAS, to the point that to do both is
considered rare.

Additionally, the petitioner states that the aircraft will be operated within a secure
environment, which no one will be allowed to enter unless they are part of the production,
have been fully briefed of the risks prior to operation of the UAS, and have consented to the
risks associated with being in the operating area. Should there be a mishap, the UA being
flown pose significantly less of a threat than the helicopters and fixed wing aircraft now being
employed because they are a fraction of the size, carry no flammable fuel, and do not carry
crew or passengers. This is in stark contrast to conventional aircraft that are flown to the site,
carry flammable fuel, carry passengers and crew, and operate in a much larger area.

UAS Operating Parameters

The petitioner states that all flights will be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of a
pilot and/or observer, and that the UA flights will be limited to a maximum altitude of 400
feet AGL. The petitioner further states that an operator will ensure that only consenting
production personnel will be allowed within 100 feet of the UA operation, but this radius may
be reduced to 30 feet based upon an equivalent level of safety determination, as stated in their
MPTOM, with the advance permission of the local Flight Standards District Office (FSDO).
The petitioner asserts that an equivalent level of safety can be achieved given the size, weight,
                                                        8

and speed of the UAS, as well as the location where it is operated. The petitioner states that
the UAS will be operated within a safe operating perimeter, the boundaries of which will be
determined by production personnel and the UAS PIC based on the site-specific filming
activities and speed of the UAS required for the operation, and coordinated with the
jurisdictional FAA FSDO and local government officials as applicable, as outlined in the
MPTOM and FOPM. The petitioner states that only participating and consenting production
personnel will be allowed within this perimeter; the petitioner also states their intention to
comply with the guidelines outlined in Order 8900.1 V3, C8, S1 with regard to
nonparticipating personnel outside the safety perimeter. The petitioner argues that, compared
to flight operations with aircraft or rotorcraft weighing far more than its maximum 55 lb. UA,
and the lack of flammable fuel, any risk associated with its UAS operations is far less than
those with conventional aircraft operating at or below 500 feet AGL in the movie industry.

With respect to preflight actions, the petitioner notes it may need an exemption from 14 CFR
§ 91.103, because it will not have approved rotorcraft flight manuals. The petitioner asserts
that an equivalent level of safety will be achieved by the PIC taking all preflight actions as set
forth in their MPTOM and FOPM, including reviewing weather, flight battery requirements,
landing and takeoff distances, and aircraft performance data before initiation of flight.
Additionally, the petitioner states that a briefing will be conducted prior to each day's filming
regarding planned UAS operations, and all personnel who will be performing duties within
the boundaries of the safety perimeter will be required to attend.

With respect to the fuel requirements, the petitioner notes that, in order to meet the 30 minute
reserve requirements in 14 CFR § 91.151, UAS flights would have to be limited to
approximately 10 minutes. The petitioner argues that, given the limitations on the UA's
proposed flight area and the location of its proposed operations within a predetermined area, a
longer time frame for flight in daylight or night VFR conditions is reasonable. The petitioner
believes that an equivalent level of safety can be achieved by limiting flights to 30 minutes or
25% of battery power, whichever occurs first.

The petitioner notes that it may need an exemption from 14 CFR § 91.121, as its UAS may
have a GPS altitude read out instead of a barometric altimeter. The petitioner asserts that an
equivalent level of safety will be achieved, as outlined in its MPTOM. Specifically, the
altitude information will be provided to the UAS PIC via a digitally encoded telemetric data
feed. Prior to each flight, a zero altitude initiation point will be established and confirmed for
accuracy by the PIC.

Public Interest

The petitioner states that, given the small size of the UA involved and the restricted sterile
environment within which it will operate, its proposed operation "falls squarely within that
zone of safety (an equivalent level of safety) in which Congress envisioned that the FAA
must, by exemption, allow commercial operations of UAS to commence immediately." Also
due to the size of the UA and the restricted areas in which the UAS will operate, approval of
the application presents no national security issue. The petitioner states that, given the clear
direction in Section 333, the strong equivalent level of safety surrounding the proposed
operations, and the significant public benefit, including enhanced safety, reduction in
                                                        9

environmental impacts, and including reduced emissions associated with allowing UAS for
movie and television operations, granting the requested exemptions is in the public interest.

Discussion of Public Comments:

A summary of the petition was published in the Federal Register on June 26, 2014 (79 FR
36378). Eighty-six comments were received.

Of the 86 comments received, including eight from associations, 50 comments supported the
exemption request, 22 opposed, and 14 were neutral. The petition received comments on the
following topics: economic impact, UAS, PIC, operational capabilities, airspace, privacy,
sense and avoid, and data link.

Comments supporting the exemption request came from individuals and industry groups,
including the Association of Unmanned Vehicle Systems International (AUVSI), Aerospace
Industries Association (AIA), the National Association of Realtors, the News Media
Coalition, and the National Press Photographers Association. Supporting comments cited the
petitioner's intent to use controlled access airspace, licensed airmen, and preflight safety
briefings, as well as the economic benefits of UAS.

Several trade organizations submitted letters to the docket, expressing various issues and
concerns with the Astraeus petition for exemption, including the Air Line Pilots Association
International (ALPA), the National Agricultural Aviation Association (NAAA), and the
United States Hang Gliding and Paragliding Association (USHPA).

ALPA expressed concern regarding certain conditions outlined in Astraeus' petition. ALPA
notes that the proposed operations will be for "compensation or hire," and ALPA believes that
the pilot must hold at least a current FAA Commercial Pilot Certificate with an appropriate
category and class rating for the type of aircraft being flown as well as specific and adequate
training on the UAS make and model intended to be used. Similarly, a current 2nd Class FAA
Medical certificate should be required for a UAS pilot operating an aircraft for compensation
or hire commercial operations as is required in the NAS today. NAAA and USHPA also
commented on pilot qualification. Specifically,

         NAAA believes that the Part 61 regulations currently in effect do not address the licensing of
         pilots of an unmanned aircraft used for commercial purposes. We believe it is necessary for
         the FAA to evaluate pilots of these aircraft on their knowledge and skills in UAV operations.
         Requirements for this licensing should be developed along with other rigorous rules and
         qualifications to ensure safe integration of the unmanned aircraft into the NAS.

The FAA has carefully reviewed the knowledge and training required by holders of both
private and commercial certificates, as well as the separation of Astraeus' proposed operations
from other manned operations. Additional details are available in the ensuing analysis of this
issue with regards to 14 CFR § 61.113.

ALPA commented that although the anticipated operation is expected to occur below 400 feet
above the surface, the petition also makes reference to operations 200 feet above structures of
unspecified and therefore unlimited height. This would put the aircraft at the same altitude
                                                       10

strata as other aircraft in the NAS, with only geographic separation to mitigate the risk of
collision. However, in subsequent materials posted to the docket, Astraeus has removed
operation from elevated platforms. All operations will be limited to 400 feet AGL, which is
specified in the conditions and limitations below.

ALPA further notes that the aircraft "may not have a barometric altimeter" so the ability to
accurately maintain altitude must be addressed. NAAA noted the same in its comments. The
FAA agrees with ALPA and NAAA and addresses this concern in its analysis of the
exemption from 14 CFR § 91.121, finding that the alternative means of compliance proposed
by Astraeus does not adversely affect safety.

ALPA and an individual comment that Command and Control (C2) link failures are one of the
most common failures on a UAS, and that lost link mitigations should require safe modes to
prevent fly-aways or other scenarios. The FAA agrees and carefully examined the proposed
operation to ensure that the vehicle design and the petitioner's MPTOM and FOPM addressed
potential hazards related to C2 failure. The FAA finds that the UAS to be operated by
Astraeus has sufficient design features to address these hazards. The FAA also finds that the
MPTOM and FOPM have incorporated safety procedures to be followed by all operational
participants should a C2 failure occur. Further detail is contained in the analysis of the UAS
below.

NAAA stated that it represents the interests of small business owners and pilots licensed as
commercial applicators. NAAA members operate in low-level airspace, and clear low-level
airspace is vital to the safety of these operators.

NAAA stated that seeing and avoiding other aircraft and hazardous obstructions is the
backbone for agricultural safety, and agricultural pilots depend on pilots of other aircraft to
perform their see and avoid functions needed to prevent collisions. NAAA believes that UA
operations at low altitudes will increase the potential of collision hazards with agricultural
aircraft. In its comments, the USHPA submitted similar concerns relative to activities of other
low altitude user groups including ballooning, skydiving, powered ultralights, etc.

NAAA acknowledged Astraeus' plan to submit a written Plan of Activities to the FSDO three
days before the proposed operations, as required by the petitioner's MPTOM. However,
NAAA maintains, as does the USHPA, that in addition to this, issuance of a NOTAM
advising nonparticipating pilots of the planned activity is vital to disseminating this safety
information. The FAA agrees and has incorporated this into the conditions and limitations of
this exemption. Further detail is contained in the analysis of the operating parameters below.

NAAA commented that UA should have assigned numbers that can be read from a suitable
distance to aid in identification when enforcement of flight regulations is required. The
USHPA commented similarly, noting that while the current identification standards are not
feasible on small UA given their reduced size, identification appropriate for these design
parameters could be defined and created without undue burden or negative impacts on UAS
operations. The FAA partially agrees with NAAA and USHPA. UA operated under this
exemption will be marked in accordance with 14 CFR part 45 or as otherwise authorized by
the FAA. Further detail is contained in the analysis of the UAS below.
                                                       11

USHPA states that it is a nonprofit member organization with the specific and primary
purpose to engage exclusively for scientific and educational purposes in the development,
study, and use of fuel-less flight systems and aircraft capable of being launched by human
power alone. USHPA commented that it believes with proper notification of time and place,
along with other considerations, safety can be maintained. USHPA's notification concerns
will be addressed by the conditions and limitations that will require an Air Traffic
Organization issued Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA) to address airspace
requirements and notification. Further detail is contained in the analysis of the UAS operating
parameters below.

Related to the operation of the UA within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the pilot and/or
observer, USHPA believes operation of any UA in three-dimensional space presents unique
challenges in accurately determining position in relation to stationary or mobile objects.
USHPA comments that utilization of an observer for operational redundancy is prudent and
encouraged, but should not be considered a viable replacement for the pilot in command.
USHPA believes that the identification of navigational requirements and accurately conveying
them to the pilot in command would not be provided with adequate precision or sufficient
response time in a crisis situation and recommends that dual control systems be utilized as a
redundant safety measure common in commercial aviation environments. The FAA notes
USHPA's concerns; additional detail is provided in the analysis of the UAS below.

USHPA also asserts that manned flight should always maintain right of way over all UA
operations. The FAA agrees and has incorporated this into the conditions and limitations of
this exemption.

Several comments noted that small UAS can be hard to see during the day, due to their small
size and factors such as sun glare. Commenters also noted concerns with regard to weather
and wind conditions affecting operations. The FAA addressed these concerns by adding
operating restrictions in the conditions and limitations regarding stand-off distance from
clouds, altitude restrictions, and operating distance from non-participating personnel. Further
detail is contained in the analysis of the UAS operating parameters below.

The petition received several comments suggesting that UAS operated under this exemption
should have the ability to monitor and communicate with other aircraft or install transponders,
or that the UAS should not operate until they can sense and avoid other aircraft. One
commenter suggested that the FAA should implement a buffer between these UAS operations
and manned operations, while another raised concern with near misses with other aircraft.
Two comments noted that UAS are susceptible to accidents and GPS jamming. The FAA
believes the limitations under which the petitioner will operate (i.e. VLOS and at or below
400 feet AGL) and the UAS emergency procedures as outlined in the petitioner's FOPM and
MPTOM are sufficient mitigations to this risk so that the operations will not adversely affect
safety. Further information is contained in the analysis of the UAS below.

One commenter suggested that the FAA should require testing of software and systems prior
to operation, including testing to RTCA standards. The FAA believes the preflight checks
discussed in the analysis of the UAS operating parameters are sufficient to mitigate this risk,
and addresses this in the conditions and limitations below.
                                                       12

The FAA also received comments not related to the UA and its operation as proposed by the
petitioner, but rather addressing more general UAS issues, which are discussed below.

The FAA received two comments asking how the FAA plans to monitor or conduct
surveillance of the petitioner's UAS operations. The FAA expects operators to comply with
its regulations and the terms of the exemption. The jurisdictional FSDO will be the primary
office responsible for oversight of the operations.

The FAA received several comments that integrating UAS operations via a broadly applicable
rule was a more suitable method than the exemption process, and that industries other than the
motion picture industry should be allowed to participate. Section 333 provides interim
authority to the Secretary of Transportation, which facilitates limited, controlled UAS
operations prior to the completion of a UAS regulatory structure. The FAA is using its
exemption process to facilitate implementation of Section 333 and to address FAA rules that
would be applicable to the proposed operations. We have received and are considering
exemption petitions from a broad array of industries and applications for this technology.
Additionally, the FAA is engaged in a rulemaking process that will allow broader applications
of UAS operations.

Two commenters suggested this exemption process should be available to anybody, regardless
of organizational size or resources. The FAA will consider any request for exemption
submitted to it, no matter the source.

One commenter stated that meaningful public review of the petition was not possible because
some of the documents submitted by the petitioner are confidential. The FAA routinely
considers confidential materials in its exemption process. The FAA reviewed and considered
the petitioner's information in its analysis of the petition.

The petition received several comments on privacy. A commenter expressed concern that the
UAS could be used for spying. Other commenters stated that there are strong privacy
regulations in place. Specifically, a commenter states that the petitioner addressed privacy
issues in its request by mandating that all filming be within a contained environment with all
participants fully aware that they are being filmed. The petitioner states that all UAS flights
will occur over private or controlled access property with the property owner's prior consent
and knowledge, and that only people who have consented or otherwise have agreed to be in
the area where filming will take place will be filmed. The FAA notes that the terms of this
grant of exemption are consistent with the petitioner's proposal in this area.

The FAA's analysis is as follows:

Unmanned aircraft system (UAS)

Regarding the petitioner's requested relief from 14 CFR part 21 Certification procedures for
products and parts, the FAA finds that, based on the limited size, weight, operating
conditions, design safety features, and the imposed conditions and limitations, the petitioner
has demonstrated that its operations would not adversely affect safety compared to similar
                                                       13

operations conducted with aircraft that have been issued an airworthiness certificate under
14 CFR part 21, Subpart H.

Commercial motion picture and television aerial filming operations with manned aircraft are
typically conducted with aircraft holding standard airworthiness certificates issued under
part 21, subpart H. These aircraft are normally modified via the Supplemental Type Certificate
(STC) process to install cameras and other equipment not included in the original aircraft
design.

Manned helicopters conducting motion picture and television aerial filming can weigh 6,000
lbs. or more and are operated by an onboard pilot, in addition to other onboard crewmembers,
as necessary. The petitioner's UA will weigh less than 55 lbs. with no onboard pilot or crew.
The pilot and crew will be remotely located from the aircraft. The limited weight significantly
reduces the potential for harm to participating and nonparticipating individuals or property in
the event of an incident or accident. The risk to an onboard pilot and crew during an incident
or accident is eliminated with the use of a UA for the aerial filming operation.

Manned aircraft are at risk of fuel spillage and fire in the event of an incident or accident. The
UA carries no fuel, and therefore the risk of fire following an incident or accident due to fuel
spillage is eliminated.

During motion picture and television aerial filming with manned aircraft under the conditions
of an FAA issued Certificate of Waiver, aircraft can be operated in very close proximity to
participating persons. The safety of these individuals is maintained through use of an aircraft
with standard airworthiness certification under 14 CFR part 21, Subpart H, operation of the
aircraft by a qualified and competent pilot, and operating according to limitations necessary to
ensure safety. In these situations, the filming subject and production personnel are exposed to
risk by virtue of their close proximity to an aircraft in flight. Compared to manned aircraft, the
UA being operated by the petitioner reduces the risk to participating persons in close
proximity to the aircraft due to the limited size, weight, operating conditions, and design
safety features of the UAS.

This exemption does not require an electronic means to monitor and communicate with other
aircraft, such as transponders or sense and avoid technology. Rather the FAA is mitigating the
risk of these operations by placing limits on altitude, requiring stand-off distance from clouds,
permitting daytime operations only, and requiring that the UA be operated within visual line
of sight and yield right of way to all other manned operations. Additionally, the exemption
provides that the operator will request a NOTAM prior to operations to alert other users of the
NAS.

The petitioner's UAS has the capability to operate safely after experiencing certain in-flight
failures. The UA is also able to respond to a lost-link event with a pre-coordinated,
predictable, automated flight maneuver. With regard to USHPA's concerns about dual control
systems, current FAA regulations permit motion picture and television filming operations by
manned aircraft that do not require a copilot. Additionally, under this exemption, the FAA
requires that the UAS PIC hold a current third class medical certificate. Historically, instances
of complete PIC incapacitation are rare. In all other cases other than complete incapacitation,
                                                       14

the PIC has the ability to terminate the flight operation or initiate the automated return to
home procedure outlined within the FOPM. The FAA also believes that the multiple control
redundancies described in the petitioner's FOPM are sufficient to mitigate risks associated
with the loss of GPS signal. In consideration of these factors and the UA size, weight, speed
and other operating limitations associated with this aerial filmmaking operation, the FAA
finds that there is no adverse safety affect relative to similar operations conducted by manned
aircraft with a flight crew complement of one.

These safety features also provide for no adverse safety affect to participating and
nonparticipating individuals compared to a manned aircraft that holds a standard airworthiness
certificate performing a similar operation.

In accordance with the statutory criteria provided in Section 333 of PL 112-95 in reference to
49 USC 44704, and in consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area
associated with the aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined
that this aircraft meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the
requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, and any associated noise certification and testing
requirements of part 36, is not necessary.

Regarding the petitioner's requested relief from 14 CFR § 45.23(b) Display of marks, the
petitioner's request is made under the assumption that marking with the word "experimental"
will be required as a condition of an exemption request. This marking is reserved for aircraft
that are issued experimental certificates under § 21.191. Since the petitioner's UAS will not
be certificated under 14 CFR § 21.191, a grant of exemption for 14 CFR § 45.23(b) is not
necessary.

The petitioner's UA must be identified by serial number, registered in accordance with 14
CFR part 47, and have identification (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part
45, Subpart C. Markings must be as large as practicable.

Regarding the petitioner's requested relief from 14 CFR §§ 91.405(a) Maintenance
required, 91.407(a)(1) Operation after maintenance, preventive maintenance, rebuilding, or
alteration, 91.409(a)(2) Inspections, and 91.417(a) and (b) Maintenance records, the FAA has
determined that relief from 91.409(a)(1) is also necessary, because it is an alternate inspection
requirement of 91.409(a)(2).

The petitioner's FOPM contains the maintenance requirements for the V.3 UAS, to include
"on-condition" maintenance and modifications. The petitioner's MPTOM and FOPM were
reviewed and do not sufficiently support the regulatory relief sought under 14 CFR part 91,
Subpart E. The FAA has carefully considered the petitioner's supplemental information and
determined that its operations will not adversely affect safety with regard to the regulatory
maintenance and alteration requirements of 14 CFR §§ 91.405(a)(1), 91.407(a)(1),
91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), provided changes are made to the MPTOM and
FOPM as required by the conditions and limitations included in this exemption. These
changes include: requirements to develop and document maintenance, overhaul, replacement,
and inspection requirements in the absence of manufacturer's requirements; procedures to
document and maintain maintenance records with regard to the petitioner's UAS; and UAS
                                                       15

technician qualification criteria. They also require the petitioner's FOPM to include preflight
inspection procedures that account for any discrepancies not already covered in the manual.
The FAA finds these additional requirements are necessary to ensure the petitioner's proposed
UAS operations do not adversely affect safety in the NAS and of people and property on the
ground. Therefore, the FAA finds that exemption from 14 CFR §§ 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1),
91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b) is warranted subject to the conditions and
limitations below.

Pilot In Command of the UAS

Regarding the petitioner's requested relief from 14 CFR § 61.113(a) and (b) Private pilot
privileges and limitations, comments were received that voiced concerns about pilot
certification. One such comment came from ALPA, which states that one of the "areas that
must be addressed to ensure safe operations" is Astraeus' proposal to use a private pilot with a
third class medical as its UAS PIC. ALPA believes that the UAS pilot should possess a
commercial pilot certificate with appropriate category and class rating for the type of aircraft
being flown and the corresponding second class medical certificate, as well as specific and
adequate training on the UAS make and model intended to be used. Similar concerns were
also raised by other associations such as USHPA and NAAA.

Given these grounds, the FAA must determine the appropriate level of pilot certification for
Astraeus' proposed operation. Title 14 CFR part 61 requires that operations conducted for
compensation or hire necessitate a commercial pilot certificate and at least a second class
medical certificate. In considering the petitioner's requested relief from 14 CFR § 61.113(a)
and (b), the FAA must consider the following factors as they relate specifically to Astraeus'
proposed operations:

Separation from manned aircraft operations: Astraeus proposes operations in a "sterile
environment" of closed-set motion-picture filming. In this controlled environment, their
operations will remain within visual line of site (VLOS) and below 400 feet AGL.
Additionally, the FAA has added further conditions and limitations that will require a
Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA) from the FAA Air Traffic Organization to
address airspace requirements and notification requiring Astraeus to request a Notice to
Airman (NOTAM) not more than 72 hours in advance, but not less than 48 hours prior to the
operation. Astraeus will also be required to avoid and yield right-of-way to all manned
operations.

The current aeronautical knowledge requirements for a private pilot compared to a
commercial pilot: The FAA analyzed the areas of knowledge specified in 14 CFR part 61 for
that of a commercial pilot versus a private pilot. The results show that the required areas of
knowledge for a commercial versus private pilot cover the same fundamental principles, as
shown in the following table.
                                                      16

             Commercial Knowledge                                  Private Knowledge

             **Airplane Single Engine Land (ASEL) used for comparison**

§ 61.125 Aeronautical knowledge.                      § 61.105 Aeronautical knowledge.

(a) General. A person who applies for a commercial (a) General. A person who is applying for a private

pilot certificate must receive and log ground         pilot certificate must receive and log ground

training...                                           training...

(b) Aeronautical knowledge areas.                     (b) Aeronautical knowledge areas.

(1) Applicable Federal Aviation Regulations of this (1) Applicable Federal Aviation Regulations of this

chapter that relate to commercial pilot privileges, chapter that relate to private pilot privileges,

limitations, and flight operations;                   limitations, and flight operations;

(2) Accident reporting requirements of the National   (2) Accident reporting requirements of the National
Transportation Safety Board;                          Transportation Safety Board;
(3) Basic aerodynamics and the principles of flight;  (10) Principles of aerodynamics, powerplants, and
                                                      aircraft systems;
(4) Meteorology to include recognition of critical    (6) Recognition of critical weather situations from the
weather situations, windshear recognition and         ground and in flight, windshear avoidance, and the
avoidance, and the use of aeronautical weather        procurement and use of aeronautical weather reports
reports and forecasts;                                and forecasts;
(5) Safe and efficient operation of aircraft;         (7) Safe and efficient operation of aircraft, including
                                                      collision avoidance, and recognition and avoidance of
(6) Weight and balance computations;                  wake turbulence;
(7) Use of performance charts;                        (9) Weight and balance computations;
                                                      (8) Effects of density altitude on takeoff and climb
(8) Significance and effects of exceeding aircraft    performance;
performance limitations;                              **Related to other areas within the private
(9) Use of aeronautical charts and a magnetic         requirements but not referenced specifically**
compass for pilotage and dead reckoning;              (4) Use of aeronautical charts for VFR navigation
                                                      using pilotage, dead reckoning, and navigation
(10) Use of air navigation facilities;                systems;
                                                      (4) Use of aeronautical charts for VFR navigation
(11) Aeronautical decision making and judgment;       using pilotage, dead reckoning, and navigation
(12) Principles and functions of aircraft systems;    systems;
                                                      (5) Radio communication procedures;
(13) Maneuvers, procedures, and emergency             (12) Aeronautical decision making and judgment; and
operations appropriate to the aircraft;               (10) Principles of aerodynamics, powerplants, and
                                                      aircraft systems;
(14) Night and high-altitude operations; **           (7) Safe and efficient operation of aircraft, including
                                                      collision avoidance, and recognition and avoidance of
(15) Procedures for operating within the National     wake turbulence;
Airspace System; and                                  (11) Stall awareness, spin entry, spins, and spin
                                                      recovery techniques for the airplane and glider
                                                      category ratings;
                                                      **Although not mentioned in § 61.105, 3 hours of
                                                      night flight training is required for the private per §
                                                      61.107 and § 61.109. For this comparison, high-
                                                      altitude operations are considered not applicable.**
                                                      (3) Use of the applicable portions of the "Aeronautical
                                                      Information Manual" and FAA advisory circulars;
                                                      (13) Preflight action that includes-- (i) How to obtain
                                                      information on runway lengths at airports of intended
                                                      17

(16) Procedures for flight and ground training for    use, data on takeoff and landing distances, weather
lighter-than-air ratings.**                           reports and forecasts, and fuel requirements; and (ii)
§ 61.127 Flight proficiency.                          How to plan for alternatives if the planned flight
(a) General. A person who applies for a commercial    cannot be completed or delays are encountered.
pilot certificate must receive and log ground and     **For this comparison (ASEL), these operations are
flight training                                       considered not applicable.**
(b) Areas of operation. (1) For an airplane category  § 61.107 Flight proficiency.
rating with a single-engine class rating:             (a) General. A person who applies for a private pilot
(i) Preflight preparation;                            certificate must receive and log ground and flight
(ii) Preflight procedures;                            training
(iii) Airport and seaplane base operations;           (b) Areas of operation. (1) For an airplane category
(iv) Takeoffs, landings, and go-arounds;              rating with a single-engine class rating:
(v) Performance maneuvers;                            (i) Preflight preparation;
(vi) Ground reference maneuvers;                      (ii) Preflight procedures;
(vii) Navigation;                                     (iii) Airport and seaplane base operations;
(viii) Slow flight and stalls;                        (iv) Takeoffs, landings, and go-arounds;
(ix) Emergency operations;                            (v) Performance maneuvers;
(x) High-altitude operations; and                     (vi) Ground reference maneuvers;
                                                      (vii) Navigation;
(xi) Postflight procedures.                           (viii) Slow flight and stalls;
**Not referenced specifically**                       (x) Emergency operations;
**Not referenced specifically**                       **For this comparison, high-altitude operations are
                                                      considered not applicable.**
                                                      (xii) Postflight procedures.
                                                      (ix) Basic instrument maneuvers;
                                                      (xi) Night operations, except as provided in §61.110
                                                      of this part; and

The specific UAS airmanship skills required for Astraeus' PIC(s): Some of the
requirements for Astraeus' PIC(s) are provided in their proprietary documents. However, as
with other exemptions that contain specific pilot qualifications, e.g. Exemption Nos. 7830,
6802K, and 6540N, those pilot requirements become conditions and limitations within the
grant of exemption. An abbreviated summary of those PIC requirements include the
following:

             a. The PIC must possess a Private Pilot's Certificate and a valid third-class
                  medical certificate;

             b. The PIC must have accumulated and logged a minimum of 200 flight cycles
                  and 25 hours of total time as a UAS rotorcraft pilot and at least 10 hours
                  logged as a UAS pilot with a similar UAS type (single blade or multirotor).

             c. The PIC must have accumulated and logged a minimum of five hours as UAS
                  pilot with the make and model of UAS to be utilized for operations under the
                  exemption and three take-offs and landings in the preceding 90 days.

             d. The PIC must have successfully completed the qualification process as
                  specified in the MPTOM and FOPM, to include a knowledge and skill test.

The FAA's analysis regarding PIC requirements: The parallel foundation of aeronautical
knowledge required for private and commercial pilots is shown in the above table. Private
                                                       18

pilot airmanship skills are furthered through manned flights in the NAS. Commercially
certificated pilots build additional experience through these manned flights as well. The
additional experience and airmanship skills obtained by commercially certificated airmen
contribute to their ability to overcome adverse situations that could be encountered in flights
conducted for compensation or hire. However, the experience obtained beyond a private pilot
certificate in pursuit of a commercial pilot certificate in manned flight does not necessarily aid
a pilot in the operational environment proposed by the petitioner; the FAA considers the
overriding safety factor for the limited operations proposed by the petitioner to be the
airmanship skills acquired through UAS-specific flight cycles, flight time, and specific make
and model experience, culminating in verification through testing.

The FAA shares ALPA's concerns regarding appropriate training on the UAS being utilized.
The FAA has reviewed the petitioner's knowledge and experience criteria for its PICs. The
FAA finds that the combination of aeronautical knowledge, UAS airmanship skills, and
verification through testing is a sufficient method for Astraeus to evaluate a pilot's
qualifications, given that operations will be conducted within the limitations outlined in this
exemption.

The knowledge and airmanship test qualifications have been developed by Astraeus for the
UAS operations proposed in their petition for exemption. There are no established practical
test standards that support a jurisdictional FAA FSDO evaluation and approval of company
designated examiners. The petitioner will conduct these tests in accordance with its FOPM
and the conditions and limitations noted below. Given the constraints of the proposed
operations, the FAA believes this would not adversely affect the safety of the NAS.

The petitioner plans to operate in a unique and limited environment. Given the 1) separation
of these closed-set filming operations from other manned operations, 2) the parallel nature of
private pilot aeronautical knowledge requirements to those of commercial requirements, and
3) the UAS airmanship skills of Astraeus' PICs, the FAA finds that the additional manned
airmanship experience of a commercially certificated pilot would not correlate to the
airmanship skills necessary for Astraeus' specific proposed operations. Upon consideration of
the overall safety case presented by the petitioner and the concerns of the commenters, the
FAA finds that granting the requested relief from 14 CFR § 61.113(a) and (b), provided the
conditions and limitations outlined below, would not adversely affect the safety of the NAS.

Another consideration supporting the certificate requirement is that pilots holding a private
pilot certificate are subject to security screening by the Department of Homeland Security.
This requirement should ameliorate security concerns over UAS operations under this
exemption.

Operating parameters of the UAS

Astraeus has stated that it plans to comply with the waiver process as described in FAA Order
8900.1, Volume 3, Chapter 8, Section 1 (V3, C8, S1) Issue a Certificate of Waiver for Motion
Picture and Television Filming. The FAA agrees with this philosophy; however, the current
section of Order 8900.1 has specific processes that preclude a jurisdictional FAA FSDO from
issuing the required Certificate of Waiver, because the section did not originally provide for
                                                       19

UA operations. One example of this is the minimum pilot qualifications ­ the pertinent
section of Order 8900.1 provides no way to relieve Astraeus from the pilot requirements.
Also, the sample form 7711-1 used for issuing the Certificate of Waiver specifically states
"this section not used for Unmanned Air Vehicle authorizations."

Therefore, the FAA will exempt Astraeus from the applicable regulations normally waived
during that process. The FAA will then include the required notifications and coordination
with jurisdictional FSDOs through the conditions and limitations listed below. Motion picture
and television filming waivers similar to Astraeus' operation are normally issued from one
jurisdictional FSDO and can be used in locations covered by other geographically responsible
FSDOs through notification. Those local FSDOs then have the ability to review the proposed
plan of activities and associated operations manual(s) and levy any additional local special
provisions. Since Astraeus' operation deals specifically with UAS, this exemption will take
the place of the Certificate of Waiver normally issued by a jurisdictional FSDO under 8900.1
V3, C8, S1. Every FSDO with jurisdiction over the area that Astraeus plans to operate within
must still be notified, just as with manned filming operations, and those FSDOs will have the
ability to coordinate further conditions and limitations with the UAS Integration Office to
address any local concerns, as stated below in the conditions and limitations section of this
exemption.

The petitioner must also obtain a Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA) from the
FAA's Air Traffic Organization (ATO) prior to conducting any operations. This is an existing
process that not only makes local Air Traffic Control (ATC) facilities aware of UAS
operations, but also provides ATO the ability to consider airspace issues that are unique to
UAS operations. The COA will require the operator to request a Notice to Airman (NOTAM),
which is the mechanism for alerting other users of the NAS to the UAS activities being
conducted. Therefore, the FAA believes that adherence to this process is the safest and most
expeditious way to permit Astraeus to conduct their proposed UAS operations. The conditions
and limitations below prescribe the requirement for Astraeus to obtain an ATO-issued COA.

Regarding the petitioner's requested relief from 14 CFR § 91.7(a) Civil Aircraft
Airworthiness, Astraeus' request is based on the fact that no airworthiness certificate will be
issued for the UAS. As previously noted, the petitioner's UAS will not require an
airworthiness certificate in accordance with 14 CFR part 21, Subpart H. Based on the fact that
an airworthiness certificate will not be issued, exemption from § 91.7(a) is not necessary.

In accordance with the pertinent part of 14 CFR § 91.7(b), the PIC of the UAS is responsible
for determining whether the aircraft is in condition for safe flight. The petitioner's manuals for
maintenance and operations include safety checklists to be used prior to each flight.

Regarding the petitioner's requested relief from 14 CFR § 91.9(b)(2) Civil aircraft flight
manual, marking, and placard requirements and § 91.203(a) and (b) Civil aircraft:
Certifications required, the original intent of these regulations was to display an aircraft's
airworthiness, certification, and registration documents so they would be easily available to
inspectors and passengers. Based on the FAA Memorandum subject "Interpretation regarding
whether certain required documents may be kept at an unmanned aircraft's control station,"
                                                       20

dated August 8, 2014, the requested relief from 14 CFR §§ 91.9(b)(2) and 91.203(a) and (b) is
not necessary.

Regarding the petitioner's requested relief from 14 CFR § 91.103 Preflight action, although
there will be no approved Airplane or Rotorcraft Flight Manual as specified in paragraph
(b)(1), the FAA believes that the petitioner can comply with the other applicable requirements
in 14 CFR § 91.103(b)(2). The procedures outlined in the petitioner's MPTOM and FOPM
address the FAA's concerns regarding compliance with § 91.103(b). The petitioner has also
stated its intent to comply with § 91.103(a): "The PIC will take all actions including reviewing
weather, flight battery requirements, landing and takeoff distances and aircraft performance
data before initiation of flight." The FAA has imposed stricter requirements with regard to
visibility and distance from clouds; this is to both keep the UA from departing VLOS and to
preclude the UA from operating so close to a cloud as to create a hazard to other aircraft
operating in the NAS. The FAA also notes the risks associated with sun glare; the FAA
believes that the PIC's and VO's ability to still see other air traffic, combined with the PIC's
ability to initiate a return-to-home sequence, are sufficient mitigations in this respect. The PIC
will also account for all relevant site-specific conditions in their preflight procedures.
Therefore, the FAA finds that exemption from 14 CFR § 91.103 is not necessary.

Regarding the petitioner's requested relief from 14 CFR § 91.109 Flight instruction;
Simulated instrument flight and certain flight tests, the petitioner did not describe training
scenarios in which a dual set of controls would be utilized or required, i.e. dual flight
instruction, provided by a flight instructor or other company-designated individual, that would
require that individual to have fully functioning dual controls. Rather, Astraeus evaluates the
qualification of its PICs based on their experience with the UAS to be operated and verifies
through testing, in lieu of formalized training. As such, the FAA finds that the petitioner can
conduct its operations without the requested relief from 14 CFR § 91.109.

Regarding the petitioner's requested relief from 14 CFR § 91.119 Minimum safe altitudes, the
petitioner failed to specify the pertinent part of 14 CFR § 91.119 from which they require
relief. Relief from 14 CFR § 91.119(a) , which requires operating at an altitude that allows a
safe emergency landing if a power unit fails, is unprecedented and unwarranted. Relief from §
14 CFR 91.119(b), operation over congested areas, is not applicable, because the petitioner
states that operations will only be conducted within the sterile area described in the MPTOM.

Although the petitioner specifically mentioned relief from 14 CFR § 91.119(d), the FAA finds
that relief is only needed from 14 CFR § 91.119(c), which is consistent with the relief
typically provided to manned operations in FAA Order 8900.1 V3, C8, S1 Issue a Certificate
of Waiver for Motion Picture and Television Filming. This Order allows for relief from §
91.119(c) with respect to those participating persons, vehicles, and structures directly involved
in the performance of the actual filming. In accordance with the petitioner's stated intention to
adhere to Order 8900.1 V3, C8, S1, persons other than participating persons1 are not allowed

1 Per Order 8900.1 V3, C8, S1, participating persons are all persons associated with the filming production, and
they must be briefed on the potential risk of the proposed flight operation(s) and must acknowledge and accept
those risks. Nonparticipating persons are the public, spectators, media, etc., not associated with the filming
production.
                                                       21

within 500 feet of the operating area. This provision may be reduced to no less than 200 feet if
an equivalent level of safety can be achieved and the Administrator has approved it. For
example, an equivalent level of safety may be determined through evaluation by an aviation
safety inspector of the filming production area to note terrain features, obstructions, buildings,
etc. Such barriers may protect nonparticipating persons (observers, the public, news media,
etc.) from debris in the event of an accident.

The FAA notes the petitioner's additional guidelines in its MPTOM to protect its participating
production personnel, and finds that relief from 14 CFR § 91.119(c) is warranted, provided
adherence to the procedures outlined in the petitioner's MPTOM and FOPM, and the FAA's
additional conditions and limitations outlined below. However, all nonparticipating personnel
will be required to be at least 500 feet from flight operations, with possible relief to allow
reductions to 200 feet, as specified above.

Regarding the petitioner's requested relief from 14 CFR § 91.121 Altimeter Settings, the FAA
believes that an altitude reading is a critical safety component of the petitioner's proposed
operation. Although the petitioner will not have a typical barometric altimeter onboard the
aircraft, the FAA finds the petitioner's intention to operate the UA within VLOS and at or
below 400 feet AGL, combined with the petitioner's intention to provide altitude information
to the UAS pilot via a digitally encoded telemetric data feed, which downlinks from the
aircraft to a ground-based on-screen display, to be a sufficient method for ensuring the UAS
operations do not adversely affect safety. The altitude information will be generated by
equipment installed onboard the aircraft, as specified using GPS triangulation, or digitally
encoded barometric altimeter, or radio altimeter, or any combination thereof. Prior to each
flight, a zero altitude initiation point will be established and confirmed for accuracy by the
UAS PIC. The FAA has determined that good cause exists for granting the requested relief to
14 CFR § 91.121.

Regarding the petitioner's requested relief from 14 CFR § 91.151(a) Fuel requirements for
flight in VFR conditions, relief has been granted for manned aircraft to operate at less than the
minimums prescribed in 14 CFR § 91.151(a), including Exemption Nos. 2689, 5745, and
10650. In addition, similar UAS-specific relief has been granted in Exemption Nos. 8811,
10808, and 10673 for daytime, Visual Flight Rules (VFR) conditions. The petitioner states
that its UAS operations will be conducted in a controlled closed-set filming environment, with
UA under 55 pounds, at speeds below 50 Knots, and within VLOS. These factors, combined
with Astraeus' stated intention to terminate flights after 30 minutes or with 25% remaining
battery power (whichever occurs first), provides the FAA sufficient reason to grant the relief
from 14 CFR § 91.151(a) as requested in accordance with the conditions and limitations
proposed by Astraeus.

With respect to the petitioner's request to operate at night, the FAA finds that the petitioner
has not provided a sufficient safety case and mitigations, per FAA Order 8900.1 V16, C5, S3
General Operational Requirements, to avoid collision hazards at night. All previous UAS-
specific grants of relief from 14 CFR § 91.151(a) have restricted flights to daytime VFR
conditions only. While the FAA acknowledges the petitioner's stated film set lighting
techniques to mitigate the risks of nighttime operations, the petitioner has not provided
                                      22

sufficient data and analysis regarding the PICs' and VOs' ability to maintain VLOS with the
UA and conduct their functions to see and avoid other potential obstacles and air traffic,
relative to the lighting configuration on the film set. There is a limitation outlined below that
precludes nighttime UAS operations. The petitioner may provide additional data and seek an
amendment to its exemption to permit night operations.

Additionally, in evaluating the petitioner's proposed operating parameters with regard to
VLOS and a safe operating perimeter, the FAA considered operations from a moving device
or vehicle. Since the petitioner did not discuss provisions for these circumstances, the
conditions and limitations below preclude operations from moving devices or vehicles.

Public Interest

The FAA finds that a grant of exemption is in the public interest. The enhanced safety
achieved using a UA with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no
passengers or crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying
crew in addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation
enabled by this exemption is in the public interest. The FAA also finds that UAS provide an
additional tool for the filmmaking industry, adding a greater degree of flexibility, which
supplements the current capabilities offered by manned aircraft.

The table below summarizes the FAA's determinations regarding the relief sought by the
petitioner:

Relief sought by petitioner (14 CFR)  FAA determination (14 CFR)

Part 21                               Not necessary

45.23(b)                              Not necessary

61.113(a) and (b)                     Granted with conditions and limitations

91.7(a)                               Not necessary

91.9(b)(2)                            Not necessary

91.103                                Not necessary with conditions and limitations

91.109                                Not necessary

91.119                                Paragraph (c) granted with conditions and
                                      limitations

91.121                                Granted with conditions and limitations

91.151(a)                             91.151(a)(1), day, granted with conditions and
                                      limitations; 91.151(a)(2), night, denied

91.203(a) and (b)                     Not necessary

91.405(a)                             Granted with conditions and limitations

91.407(a)(1)                          Granted with conditions and limitations
91.409(a)(2)       23
91.417(a) and (b)
                   Granted with conditions and limitations; relief
                   from 91.409(a)(1) also granted with
                   conditions and limitations

                   Granted with conditions and limitations

The FAA's Decision
In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. §§ 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Astraeus Aerial is granted an exemption from
14 CFR §§ 61.113(a) and (b); 91.119(c); 91.121; 91.151(a); 91.405(a); 91.407(a)(1);
91.409(a)(1) and (2); and 91.417(a) and (b) to the extent necessary to allow Astraeus to
operate unmanned aircraft systems (UAS) for the purpose of scripted, closed-set filming for
the motion picture and television industry. This exemption is subject to the conditions and
limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

Relative to this grant of exemption, Astraeus is hereafter referred to as the operator.

The Flight Operations and Procedures Manual (FOPM) and Motion Picture and Television
Operations Manual (MPTOM) are hereafter collectively referred to as the operator's manual.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

The operator proposed the following conditions and/or limitations, which were accepted by
the FAA.2

1. The unmanned aircraft (UA) must weigh less than 55 pounds (25 Kg), including energy
    source(s) and equipment. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to
    the following aircraft described in the operator's manual: Astraeus Aerial Cinema System
    V.3CS UAS aircraft variant, serial #001 onward (V.3). Proposed operations of any other
    aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this grant.

2. The UA may not be flown at a ground speed exceeding 50 knots.

3. Flights must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL), as indicated by the procedures specified in the operator's manual. All altitudes
    reported to ATC must be in feet AGL.

2 Conditions and limitations outlined by the operator may have been modified for clarity.
                                                       24

4. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times. This
    requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued medical certificate.

5. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The VO may be used to satisfy the
    VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS capability. The VO and
    PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times.

6. The operator's manual is considered acceptable to the FAA, provided the additional
    requirements identified in these conditions and limitations are added or amended. The
    operator's manual and this grant of exemption must be maintained and made available to
    the Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operator's manual, the
    conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed. Otherwise, the
    operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operator's manual.

    The operator may update or revise its operator's manual. It is the operator's responsibility
    to track such revisions and present updated and revised documents to the Administrator
    upon request. The operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions
    for extension or amendment. If the operator determines that any update or revision would
    affect the basis for which the FAA granted this exemption, then the operator must petition
    for amendment to their exemption. The FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be
    contacted if questions arise regarding updates or revisions to the operator's manual.

7. Prior to each flight the PIC must inspect the UAS to ensure it is in a condition for safe
    flight. If the inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the
    aircraft is prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed
    and the UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight. The Ground Control Station, if
    utilized, must be included in the preflight inspection. All maintenance and alterations must
    be properly documented in the aircraft records.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation or
    flight characteristics, e.g. replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo a
    functional test flight in accordance with the operator's manual. The PIC who conducts the
    functional test flight must make an entry in the UAS aircraft records of the flight. The
    requirements and procedures for a functional test flight and aircraft record entry must be
    added to the operator's manual.

9. The operator must follow the manufacturer's UAS aircraft/component, maintenance,
    overhaul, replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements. When unavailable, aircraft
    maintenance/component/overhaul, replacement, and inspection/maintenance requirements
    must be established and identified in the operator's manual. At a minimum, requirements
    for the following must be included in the operator's manual:
                                          25

a. Actuators / Servos;

b. Transmission (single rotor);

c. Powerplant (motors);

d. Propellers;

e. Electronic speed controller;

f. Batteries;

g. Mechanical dynamic components (single rotor);

h. Remote command and control;

i. Ground control station (if used); and

j. Any other components as determined by the operator;

10. The Pilot In Command (PIC) must possess at least a private pilot certificate and at least a
    current third-class medical certificate. The PIC must also meet the flight review
    requirements specified in 14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or
    her pilot certificate.

11. Prior to operations conducted for the purpose of motion picture filming (or similar
    operations), the PIC must have accumulated and logged, in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b), a minimum of 200 flight cycles and 25 hours of total time as a UAS
    rotorcraft pilot and at least ten hours logged as a UAS pilot with a similar UAS type
    (single blade or multirotor). Prior documented flight experience that was obtained in
    compliance with applicable regulations may satisfy this requirement. Training,
    proficiency, and experience-building flights can also be conducted under this grant of
    exemption to accomplish the required flight cycles and flight time. During training,
    proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for flight operations
    are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA with appropriate distance
    from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

12. Prior to operations conducted for the purpose of motion picture filming (or similar
    operations), the PIC must have accumulated and logged, in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b), a minimum of five hours as UAS pilot operating the make and model
    of UAS to be utilized for operations under the exemption and three take-offs and three
    landings in the preceding 90 days. Training, proficiency, experience-building, and take-off
    and landing currency flights can be conducted under this grant of exemption to accomplish
                                                       26

    the required flight time and 90 day currency. During training, proficiency, experience-
    building, and take-off and landing currency flights all persons not essential for flight
    operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA with
    appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

13. Prior to any flight operations authorized by this grant of exemption, the PIC and VO must
    have successfully completed a qualification process, as outlined in the operator's manual.
    As this is a requirement stipulated by the operator, the test must be developed and
    implemented by a qualified person designated at the sole discretion of the operator. A
    record of completion of this qualification process must be documented and made available
    to the Administrator upon request.

14. Prior to operations conducted for the purpose of motion picture filming (or similar
    operations), a flight demonstration, administered by an operator-approved and -qualified
    pilot must be successfully completed and documented. This documentation must be
    available for review upon request by the Administrator. Because the knowledge and
    airmanship test qualifications have been developed by the operator, and there are no
    established practical test standards that support a jurisdictional FAA FSDO evaluation and
    approval of company designated examiners, the petitioner will conduct these tests in
    accordance with the operator's manual.

15. The UA may not be operated directly over any person, except authorized and consenting
    production personnel, below an altitude that is hazardous to persons or property on the
    surface in the event of a UAS failure or emergency.

16. Regarding the distance from participating persons, the operator's manual has safety
    mitigations for authorized and consenting production personnel. At all times, those
    persons must be essential to the closed-set film operations. Because these procedures are
    specific to participating persons, no further FSDO or aviation safety inspector approval is
    necessary for reductions to the distances specified in the petitioner's manuals. This is
    consistent with the manned aircraft procedures described in FAA Order 8900.1, V3, C8,
    S1 Issue a Certificate of Waiver for Motion Picture and Television Filming.

17. Regarding distance from nonparticipating persons, the operator must ensure that no
    persons are allowed within 500 feet of the area except those consenting to be involved and
    necessary for the filming production. This provision may be reduced to no less than
    200 feet if it would not adversely affect safety and the Administrator has approved it. For
    example, an equivalent level of safety may be determined by an aviation safety inspector's
    evaluation of the filming production area to note terrain features, obstructions, buildings,
    safety barriers, etc. Such barriers may protect nonparticipating persons (observers, the
    public, news media, etc.) from debris in the event of an accident. This is also consistent
    with the same FAA Order 8900.1, V3, C8, S1.
                                                       27

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a pre-
    determined location within the security perimeter and land or be recovered in accordance
    with the operator's manual.

19. The UAS must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies in
    accordance with the operator's manual.

20. Each UAS operation must be completed within 30 minutes flight time or with 25% battery
    power remaining, whichever occurs first.

In addition to the conditions and limitations proposed by the operator, the FAA has
determined that any operations conducted under this grant of exemption must be done
pursuant to the following conditions and limitations:

21. The operator must obtain an Air Traffic Organization (ATO) issued Certificate of Waiver
    or Authorization (COA) prior to conducting any operations under this grant of exemption.
    This COA will also require the operator to request a Notice to Airman (NOTAM) not
    more than 72 hours in advance, but not less than 48 hours prior to the operation.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification (N-
    Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must be as
    large as practicable.

23. The operator must develop procedures to document and maintain a record of the UAS
    maintenance, preventative maintenance, alterations, status of replacement/overhaul
    component parts, and the total time in service of the UAS. These procedures must be
    added to the operator's manual.

24. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer Safety
    Bulletins.

25. The operator must develop UAS technician qualification criteria. These criteria must be
    added to the operator's manual.

26. The preflight inspection section in the operator's manual must be amended to include the
    following requirement: The preflight inspection must account for all discrepancies, i.e.
    inoperable components, items, or equipment, not covered in the relevant preflight
    inspection sections of the operator's manual.

27. Before conducting operations, the radio frequency spectrum used for operation and control
    of the UA must comply with the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) or other
    appropriate government oversight agency requirements.
                                                       28
28. At least three days before scheduled filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this

    exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local FSDO with jurisdiction
    over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day notification may be waived with the
    concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities must include at least the following:

    a. Dates and times for all flights;

    b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS filming production conducted
         under this grant of exemption;

    c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of the
         UAS;

    d. Make, model, and serial or N-number of UAS to be used;

    e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the filming production event;

    f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners and/or
         local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those who gave
         permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;

    g. Signature of exemption-holder or representative; and

    h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city, town,
         county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes essential to
         accomplish the operation.

29. The documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the PIC at
    the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating. These
    documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement official
    upon request.

30. The UA must remain clear and yield the right of way to all other manned operations and
    activities at all times (including, but not limited to, ultralight vehicles, parachute activities,
    parasailing activities, hang gliders, etc.).

31. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

32. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

33. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet horizontally
    from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.
                                           29

34. The UA may not operate in Class B, C, or D airspace without written approval from the
    FAA. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of the geographic center of a non-
    towered airport as denoted on a current FAA-published aeronautical chart unless a letter of
    agreement with that airport's management is obtained, and the operation is conducted in
    accordance with a NOTAM as required by the operator's COA. The letter of agreement
    with the airport management must be made available to the Administrator upon request.

35. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported to
    the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be reported
    to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions contained on the
    NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov. Further flight operations may not be conducted until the
    incident, accident, or transgression is reviewed by AFS-80 and authorization to resume
    operations is provided.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to, parts
45, 47, 61, and 91.

This exemption terminates on September 30, 2016, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Issued in Washington, DC, on September 25, 2014.  .

/s/
Michael J. Zenkovich
Deputy Director, Flight Standards Service
Attachment 5
FAA FORM 7711-1 UAS COA Attachment        Page 1 of 21
                  2014-ESA-102

                                                                    DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION

                                                                                                    FEDERAL AVIATION ADMINISTRATION

                    CERTIFICATE OF WAIVER OR AUTHORIZATION

ISSUED TO

TEST SITE - Griffiss International Airport
592 Hangar Rd, Suite 200
Rome, NY 13441

    This certificate is issued for the operations specifically described hereinafter. No person shall conduct any
operation pursuant to the authority of this certificate except in accordance with the standard and special provisions
contained in this certificate, and such other requirements of the Federal Aviation Regulations not specifically
waived by this certificate.

OPERATIONS AUTHORIZED

Operation of the Delair-Tech DT-18 Unmanned Aircraft System (UAS) in Class G airspace at or
below 400 feet Above Ground Level (AGL) at Musgrave Research Farm, in the vicinity of Aurora,
NY, under the jurisdiction of Elmira TRACON.

LIST OF WAIVED REGULATIONS BY SECTION AND TITLE

N/A

                                                                             STANDARD PROVISIONS

1. A copy of the application made for this certificate shall be attached and become a part hereof.
2. This certificate shall be presented for inspection upon the request of any authorized representative of the
Federal Aviation Administration, or of any State or municipal official charged with the duty of enforcing local laws
or regulations.
3. The holder of this certificate shall be responsible for the strict observance of the terms and provisions contained
herein.
4. This certificate is nontransferable.
Note-This certificate constitutes a waiver of those Federal rules or regulations specifically referred to above. It
does not constitute a waiver of any State law or local ordinance.

                                                                               SPECIAL PROVISIONS

Special Provisions are set forth and attached.

This certificate 2014-ESA-102 is effective from September 22, 2014, to September 21, 2016,
and is subject to cancellation at any time upon notice by the Administrator or his/her authorized
representative.

BY DIRECTION OF THE ADMINISTRATOR

FAA Headquarters, AJV-115                                          Jacqueline R. Jackson

                          (Region)                                                                                 (Signature)

  September 17, 2014                      Acting Manager, UAS Tactical Operations Section

                                  (Date)                                                            (Title)

  FAA Form 7711-1 (7-74)

                                          Version 2.1: June 2012
                            FAA FORM 7711-1 UAS COA Attachment  Page 2 of 21
                                              2014-ESA-102

COA Number: 2014-ESA-102

Issued To: TEST SITE - Griffiss International Airport, referred herein as the "proponent"

Address: 592 Hangar Rd, Suite 200
             Rome, NY 13441

Activity: Operation of the Delair-Tech DT-18 Unmanned Aircraft System (UAS) in Class G
airspace at or below 400 feet Above Ground Level (AGL) at Musgrave Research Farm, in the
vicinity of Aurora, NY, under the jurisdiction of Elmira TRACON. See Attachment 1.

Purpose: To prescribe UAS operating requirements in the National Airspace System (NAS) for
the purpose of research flights.

Dates of Use: This COA is valid from September 22, 2014, through September 21, 2016.
Should a renewal become necessary, the proponent shall advise the Federal Aviation
Administration (FAA), in writing, no later than 60 business days prior to the requested effective
date.

Public Aircraft
    1. A public aircraft operation is determined by statute, 49 USC §40102(a)(41) and §40125.
    2. All public aircraft flights conducted under a COA must comply with the terms of the
         statute.
    3. All flights must be conducted per the declarations submitted on COA on-line.

                                                                Version 2.1: June 2012
                            FAA FORM 7711-1 UAS COA Attachment  Page 3 of 21
                                              2014-ESA-102

STANDARD PROVISIONS

A. General.

The review of this activity is based upon current understanding of UAS operations and their
impact in the NAS. This COA will not be considered a precedent for future operations. (As
changes in or understanding of the UAS industry occur, limitations and conditions for
operations will be adjusted.)

All personnel connected with the UAS operation must read and comply with the contents of
this authorization and its provisions.

A copy of the COA including the special limitations must be immediately available to all
operational personnel at each operating location whenever UAS operations are being
conducted.

This authorization may be canceled at any time by the Administrator, the person authorized
to grant the authorization, or the representative designated to monitor a specific operation. As
a general rule, this authorization may be canceled when it is no longer required, there is an
abuse of its provisions, or when unforeseen safety factors develop. Failure to comply with the
authorization is cause for cancellation. The proponent will receive written notice of
cancellation.

During the time this COA is approved and active, a site safety evaluation/visit may be
accomplished to ensure COA compliance, assess any adverse impact on ATC or airspace,
and ensure this COA is not burdensome or ineffective. Deviations,
accidents/incidents/mishaps, complaints, etc. will prompt a COA review or site visit to
address the issue. Refusal to allow a site safety evaluation/visit may result in cancellation of
the COA. Note: This section does not pertain to agencies that have other existing agreements
in place with the FAA.

B. Airworthiness Certification.

The unmanned aircraft must be shown to be airworthy to conduct flight operations in the
NAS. The Griffiss International Airport has made its own determination that the Delair-Tech
DT-18 unmanned aircraft is airworthy. The Delair-Tech DT-18 must be operated in strict
compliance with all provisions and conditions contained in the Airworthiness Safety Release,
including all documents and provisions referenced in the COA application.

1. A configuration control program must be in place for hardware and/or software changes
    made to the UAS to ensure continued airworthiness. If a new or revised Airworthiness
    Release is generated as a result of changes in the hardware or software affecting the
    operating characteristics of the UAS, notify the UAS Integration Office of the changes as
    soon as practical.

                                                                Version 2.1: June 2012
                FAA FORM 7711-1 UAS COA Attachment  Page 4 of 21
                                  2014-ESA-102

a. Software and hardware changes should be documented as part of the normal
    maintenance procedures. Software changes to the aircraft and control station as well
    as hardware system changes are classified as major changes unless the agency has a
    formal process, accepted by the FAA. These changes should be provided to the UAS
    Integration office in summary form at the time of incorporation.

b. Major modifications or changes, performed under the COA, or other authorizations
    that could potentially affect the safe operation of the system must be documented and
    provided to the FAA in the form of a new AWR, unless the agency has a formal
    process, accepted by the FAA.

c. All previously flight proven systems to include payloads, may be installed or
    removed as required, and that activity recorded in the unmanned aircraft and ground
    control stations logbooks by persons authorized to conduct UAS maintenance
    Describe any payload equipment configurations in the UAS logbook that will result in
    a weight and balance change, electrical loads, and or flight dynamics, unless the
    agency has a formal process, accepted by the FAA.

d. For unmanned aircraft system discrepancies, a record entry should be made by an
    appropriately rated person to document the finding in the logbook. No flights may be
    conducted following major changes, modifications or new installations unless the
    party responsible for certifying airworthiness has determined the system is safe to
    operate in the NAS and a new AWR is generated, unless the agency has a formal
    process, accepted by the FAA. The successful completion of these tests must be
    recorded in the appropriate logbook, unless the agency has a formal process, accepted
    by the FAA.

2. The Delair-Tech DT-18 must be operated in strict compliance with all provisions and
    conditions contained within the spectrum analysis assigned and authorized for use within
    the defined operations area.

3. All items contained in the application for equipment frequency allocation must be
    adhered to, including the assigned frequencies and antenna equipment characteristics. A
    ground operational check to verify the control station can communicate with the aircraft
    (frequency integration check) must be conducted prior to the launch of the unmanned
    aircraft to ensure any electromagnetic interference does not adversely affect control of the
    aircraft.

4. The use of a Traffic Collision Avoidance System (TCAS) in any mode while operating an
    unmanned aircraft is prohibited.

C. Operations.

1. Unless otherwise authorized as a special provision, a maximum of one unmanned aircraft
    will be controlled:

    a. In any defined operating area,

                                                    Version 2.1: June 2012
FAA FORM 7711-1 UAS COA Attachment  Page 5 of 21
                  2014-ESA-102

    b. From a single control station, and

    c. By one pilot at a time.

2. A Pilot-in-Command (PIC) is the person who has final authority and responsibility for
    the operation and safety of flight, has been designated as PIC before or during the flight,
    and holds the appropriate category, class, and type rating, if appropriate, for the conduct
    of the flight. The responsibility and authority of the PIC as described by 14 CFR 91.3,
    Responsibility and Authority of the Pilot-in-Command, apply to the unmanned aircraft
    PIC. The PIC position may rotate duties as necessary with equally qualified pilots. The
    individual designated as PIC may change during flight. Note: The PIC can only be the
    PIC for one aircraft at a time. For Optionally Piloted Aircraft (OPA), PIC must meet
    UAS guidance requirements for training, pilot licensing, and medical requirements when
    operating OPA as a UAS.

3. The PIC must conduct a pre-takeoff briefing as applicable prior to each launch. The
    briefing should include but is not limited to the

    a. Contents of the COA,

    b. Altitudes to be flown,

    c. Mission overview including handoff procedures,

    d. Frequencies to be used,

    e. Flight time, including reserve fuel requirements,

    f. Contingency procedures to include lost link, divert, and flight termination, and

    g. Hazards unique to the flight being flown.

    Note: Flight Crew Member (UAS). In addition to the flight crew members identified in
    14 CFR Part 1, Definitions and Abbreviations, an Unmanned Aircraft System flight crew
    members include pilots, sensor/payload operators, and visual observers and may include
    other persons as appropriate or required to ensure safe operation of the aircraft.

4. All operations will be conducted in compliance with Title 14 CFR Part 91. Special
    attention should be given to:

    a. § 91.3 Responsibility and authority of the pilot in command

    b. § 91.13 Careless or reckless operation

    c. § 91.17 Alcohol or drugs

    d. § 91.103 Preflight Actions

    e. § 91.111 Operating near other aircraft.

    f. § 91.113 Right-of-way rules: Except water operations

    g. § 91.115 Right-of-way rules: Water operations

    h. § 91.119 Minimum safe altitudes: General

    i. § 91.123 Compliance with ATC clearances and instructions.

    j. § 91.133 Restricted and prohibited areas

                                    Version 2.1: June 2012
FAA FORM 7711-1 UAS COA Attachment  Page 6 of 21
                  2014-ESA-102

    k. § 91.137 Temporary flight restrictions in the vicinity of disaster/hazard areas

    l. § 91.145 Management of aircraft operations in the vicinity of aerial demonstrations
         and major sporting events

    m. § 91.151 Fuel requirements for flight in VFR conditions

    n. § 91.155 Basic VFR weather minimums

    o. § 91.159 VFR cruising altitude or flight level

    p. § 91.209 Aircraft Lights

    q. § 91.213 Inoperative instruments and equipment

    r. § 91.215 ATC transponder and altitude reporting equipment and use
    s. Appendix D to Part 91--Airports/Locations: Special Operating Restrictions

5. Unless otherwise authorized as a special provision, all operations must be conducted in
    visual meteorological conditions (VMC) during daylight hours in compliance with Title
    14 of the Code of Federal Regulations (CFR) Part 91 §91.155 and the following:

6. Special Visual Flight Rules (VFR) operations are not authorized.

    a. VFR cloud clearances specified in 14 CFR Part 91 §91.155, must be maintained,
         except in Class G airspace where Class E airspace visibility requirements must be
         applied, but not less than 3 statute miles (SM) flight visibility and 1000' ceiling.

         b. Flights conducted under Instrument Flight Rules (IFR) in Class A airspace shall
             remain clear of clouds. NOTE: Deviations from IFR clearance necessary to comply
             with this provision must have prior ATC approval.

         c. Chase aircraft must maintain 5 NM flight visibility.

    7. Night operations are prohibited unless otherwise authorized as a special provision.

    8. Operations (including lost link procedures) must not be conducted over populated areas,
         heavily trafficked roads, or an open-air assembly of people.

D. Air Traffic Control (ATC) Communications.

    1. The pilot and/or PIC will maintain direct, two-way communication with ATC and have
         the ability to maneuver the unmanned aircraft in response to ATC instructions, unless
         addressed in the Special Provision Section.

         When required, ATC will assign a radio frequency for air traffic control during flight.
         The use of land-line and/or cellular telephones is prohibited as the primary means for in-
         flight communication with ATC.

    2. The PIC must not accept an ATC clearance requiring the use of visual separation,
         sequencing, or visual approach.

    3. When necessary, transit of airways and routes must be conducted as expeditiously as
         possible. The unmanned aircraft must not loiter on Victor airways, jet routes, Q and T
         routes, IR routes, or VR routes.

                                    Version 2.1: June 2012
FAA FORM 7711-1 UAS COA Attachment  Page 7 of 21
                  2014-ESA-102

    4. For flights operating on an IFR clearance at or above 18,000 feet mean sea level (MSL),
         the PIC must ensure positional information in reference to established National Airspace
         System (NAS) fixes, NAVAIDs, and/or waypoints is provided to ATC. The use of
         latitude/longitude positions is not authorized, except oceanic flight operations.

    5. If equipped, the unmanned aircraft must operate with

         a. An operational mode 3/A transponder with altitude encoding, or mode S transponder
             (preferred) set to an ATC assigned squawk

         b. Position/navigation and anti-collision lights on at all times during flight unless
             stipulated in the special provisions or the proponent has a specific exemption from 14
             CFR Part 91.209.

    6. Operations that use a Global Positioning System (GPS) for navigation must check
         Receiver Autonomous Integrity Monitoring (RAIM) notices prior to flight operations.
         Flight into a GPS test area or degraded RAIM is prohibited for those aircraft that use GPS
         as their sole means for navigation.

E. Safety of Flight.

    1. The proponent or delegated representative is responsible for halting or canceling activity
         in the COA area if, at any time, the safety of persons or property on the ground or in the
         air is in jeopardy, or if there is a failure to comply with the terms or conditions of this
         authorization.

    2. ATC must be immediately notified in the event of any emergency, loss and subsequent
         restoration of command link, loss of PIC or observer visual contact, or any other
         malfunction or occurrence that would impact safety or operations.

    3. Sterile Cockpit Procedures.

         a. Critical phases of flight include all ground operations involving

             (1) Taxi (movement of an aircraft under its own power on the surface of an airport)

             (2) Take-off and landing (launch or recovery)

             (3) All other flight operations in which safety or mission accomplishment might be
                  compromised by distractions

         b. No crewmember may perform any duties during a critical phase of flight not required
             for the safe operation of the aircraft.

         c. No crewmember may engage in, nor may any PIC permit, any activity during a
             critical phase of flight which could

             (1) Distract any crewmember from the performance of his/her duties or

             (2) Interfere in any way with the proper conduct of those duties.

         d. The pilot and/or the PIC must not engage in any activity not directly related to the
             operation of the aircraft. Activities include, but are not limited to, operating UAS
             sensors or other payload systems.

                                    Version 2.1: June 2012
FAA FORM 7711-1 UAS COA Attachment  Page 8 of 21
                  2014-ESA-102

    e. The use of cell phones or other electronic devices is restricted to communications
         pertinent to the operational control of the unmanned aircraft and any required
         communications with Air Traffic Control.

4. See-and-Avoid.

    Unmanned aircraft have no on-board pilot to perform see-and-avoid responsibilities;
    therefore, when operating outside of active restricted and warning areas approved for
    aviation activities, provisions must be made to ensure an equivalent level of safety exists
    for unmanned operations. Adherence to 14 CFR Part 91 §91.111, §91.113 and §91.115, is
    required.

    a. The proponent and/or delegated representatives are responsible at all times for
         collision avoidance with all aviation activities and the safety of persons or property
         on the surface with respect to the UAS.

    b. UAS pilots will ensure there is a safe operating distance between aviation activities
         and unmanned aircraft at all times.

    c. Any crew member responsible for performing see-and-avoid requirements for the UA
         must have and maintain instantaneous communication with the PIC.

    d. UA operations will only be conducted within Reduced Vertical Separation Minimum
         (RVSM) altitudes, when appropriately equipped or having received a clearance under
         an FAA deviation. NOTE: UA operations should not plan on an en-route clearance in
         RVSM altitudes, without being RVSM equipped.

    e. Visual observers must be used at all times except in Class A airspace, active
         Restricted Areas, and Warning areas designated for aviation activities.

         (1) Observers may either be ground-based or in a chase plane.

         (2) If the chase aircraft is operating more than 100 feet above/below and/or more than
             ½ NM laterally of the unmanned aircraft, the chase aircraft PIC will advise the
             controlling ATC facility.

    f. The PIC is responsible to ensure visual observers are;

         (1) Able to see the aircraft and the surrounding airspace throughout the entire flight,
             and

         (2) Able to provide the PIC with the UA's flight path, and proximity to all aviation
             activities and other hazards (e.g., terrain, weather, structures) sufficiently to
             exercise effective control of the UA to:

             (a) Comply with CFR Parts 91.111, 91.113 and 91.115, and

             (b) Prevent the UA from creating a collision hazard.

5. Observers must be able to communicate clearly to the pilot any instructions required to
    remain clear of conflicting traffic, using standard phraseology as listed in the
    Aeronautical Information Manual when practical.

6. A PIC may rotate duties as necessary to fulfill operational requirements; a PIC must be
    designated at all times.

                                    Version 2.1: June 2012
FAA FORM 7711-1 UAS COA Attachment  Page 9 of 21
                  2014-ESA-102

    7. Pilots flying chase aircraft must not concurrently perform observer or UA pilot duties.

    8. Pilot and observers must not assume concurrent duties as both pilot and observer.

    9. The required number of ground observers will be in place during flight operations.

    10. The use of multiple successive observers (daisy chaining) is prohibited unless otherwise
         authorized as a special provision.

    11. The dropping or spraying of aircraft stores, or carrying of hazardous materials (including
         ordnance) outside of active Restricted, Prohibited, or Warning Areas approved for
         aviation activities is prohibited unless specifically authorized as a special provision.

F. Crewmember Requirements.

    1. All crewmembers associated with the operation of the unmanned aircraft, including chase
         operations, must be qualified or must be receiving formal training under the direct
         supervision of a qualified instructor, who has at all times, responsibility for the operation
         of the unmanned aircraft.

    2. Pilots and observers must have an understanding of, and comply with, Title 14 Code of
         Federal Regulations, and/or agency directives and regulations, applicable to the airspace
         where the unmanned aircraft will operate.

    3. Pilots, supplemental pilots, and observers must maintain a current second class (or
         higher) airman medical certificate that has been issued under 14 CFR Part 67, or an FAA
         accepted agency equivalent based on the application.

    4. At a minimum, the use of alcohol and/or drugs in violation of 14 CFR Part 91 §91.17
         applies to UA pilots and observers.

    5. At a minimum, observers must receive training on rules and responsibilities described in
         14 CFR Part 91 §91.111. §91.113 and §91.115, regarding cloud clearance, flight
         visibility, and the pilot controller glossary, including standard ATC phraseology and
         communication.

    6. Recent Pilot Experience (Currency). The proponent must provide documentation, upon
         request, showing the pilot/supplemental pilot/PIC maintains an appropriate level of recent
         pilot experience in either the UAS being operated or in a certified simulator. At a
         minimum, he/she must conduct three takeoffs (launch) and three landings (recovery) in
         the specific UAS within the previous 90 days (excluding pilots who do not conduct
         launch/recovery during normal/emergency operations). If a supplemental pilot assumes
         the role of PIC, he/she must comply with PIC rating requirements.

    7. A PIC and/or supplemental pilot have the ability to assume the duties of an internal or an
         external UAS pilot at any point during the flight.

    8. A PIC may be augmented by supplemental pilots.

    9. PIC Ratings.

         Rating requirements for the UAS PIC depend on the type of operation conducted. The
         requirement for the PIC to hold, at a minimum, a current FAA private pilot certificate or
         the FAA accepted agency equivalent, based on the application of 14 CFR Part 61, is
         predicated on various factors including the location of the planned operations, mission

                                    Version 2.1: June 2012
FAA FORM 7711-1 UAS COA Attachment  Page 10 of 21
                  2014-ESA-102

    profile, size of the unmanned aircraft, and whether or not the operation is conducted
    within or beyond visual line-of-sight.

    a. The PIC must hold, at a minimum, a current FAA private pilot certificate or the FAA
         accepted agency equivalent, based on the application or 14 CFR Part 61.under all
         operations:

         (1) Approved for flight in Class A, B, C, D, E, and G (more than 400 feet above
             ground level (AGL)) airspace

         (2) Conducted under IFR (FAA instrument rating required, or the FAA accepted
             agency equivalent, based on the application or 14 CFR Part 61

         (3) Approved for night operations

         (4) Conducted at or within 5 NM of a joint use or public airfields

         (5) Requiring a chase aircraft

         (6) At any time the FAA has determined the need based on the UAS characteristics,
             mission profile, or other operational parameters

    b. Operations without a pilot certificate may be allowed when all of the following
         conditions are met:

         (1) The PIC has successfully completed, at a minimum, FAA private pilot ground
             instruction and passed the written examination, or the FAA accepted agency
             equivalent, based on the application. Airman Test reports are valid for the 24-
             calendar month period preceding the month the exam was completed, at which
             time the instruction and written examination must be repeated.

         (2) Operations are during daylight hours.

         (3) The operation is conducted in a sparsely populated location.

         (4) The operation is conducted from a privately owned airfield, military installation,
             or off-airport location.

         (5) Operations are approved and conducted solely within visual line-of-sight in Class
             G airspace.

         (6) Visual line-of-sight operations are conducted at an altitude of no more than 400
             feet Above Ground Level (AGL) in class G airspace at all times.

    c. The FAA may require specific aircraft category and class ratings in manned aircraft
         depending on the UAS seeking approval and the characteristics of its flight controls
         interface.

10. PIC Recent Flight Experience (Currency).

    a. For those operations that require a certificated pilot or FAA accepted agency
         equivalent, based on the application, the PIC must have flight reviews 14 CFR Part
         61.56, and if the pilot conducts takeoff, launch, landing or recovery the PIC must
         maintain recent pilot experience in manned aircraft per 14 CFR Part 61.57,; Recent
         Flight Experience: Pilot in Command.

                                    Version 2.1: June 2012
FAA FORM 7711-1 UAS COA Attachment  Page 11 of 21
                  2014-ESA-102

         b. For operations approved for night or IFR through special provisions, the PIC must
             maintain minimum recent pilot experience per 14 CFR Part 61.57, Recent Flight
             Experience: Pilot in Command, as applicable.

    11. Supplemental Pilot Ratings.

         Supplemental pilots must have, at a minimum, successfully completed private pilot
         ground school and passed the written test or the FAA accepted agency equivalent, based
         on the application. The ground school written test results are valid for two years from the
         date of completion, at which time the instruction and written examination must be
         repeated. If a supplemental pilot assumes the role of PIC, he/she must comply with PIC
         rating, currency, medical, and training requirements listed in this document.

    12. Ancillary personnel such as systems operators or mission specialists must be thoroughly
         familiar with and possess operational experience of the equipment being used. If the
         systems being used are for observation and detection of other aircraft for collision
         avoidance purposes, personnel must be thoroughly trained on collision avoidance
         procedures and techniques and have direct communication with the UAS pilot, observer,
         and other crewmembers.

    13. The Agency will ensure that Crew Resource Management (CRM) training is current for
         all crew members before flying operational or training missions. The CRM program
         must consist of initial training, as well as CRM recurrent training during every recurrent
         training cycle, not to exceed a 12 month interval between initial training and recurrent
         training or between subsequent recurrent training sessions.

G. Notice to Airmen (NOTAM).

    1. A distant (D) NOTAM must be issued when unmanned aircraft operations are being
         conducted. This requirement may be accomplished

         a. Through the proponent's local base operations or NOTAM issuing authority, or

         b. By contacting the NOTAM Flight Service Station at 1-877-4-US-NTMS (1-877-487-
             6867) not more than 72 hours in advance, but not less than 48 hours prior to the
             operation, unless otherwise authorized as a special provision. The issuing agency will
             require the:

             (1) Name and address of the pilot filing the NOTAM request

             (2) Location, altitude, or operating area

             (3) Time and nature of the activity.

    2. For proponents filing their NOTAM with the Department of Defense: The requirement to
         file with an Automated Flight Service Station (AFSS) is in addition to any local
         procedures/requirements for filing through the Defense Internet NOTAM Service
         (DINS).

H. Data Reporting.

    1. Documentation of all operations associated with UAS activities is required regardless of
         the airspace in which the UAS operates. This requirement includes COA operations
         within Special Use airspace. NOTE: Negative (zero flights) reports are required.

                                    Version 2.1: June 2012
FAA FORM 7711-1 UAS COA Attachment  Page 12 of 21
                  2014-ESA-102

    2. The proponent must submit the following information through UAS COA On-Line on a
         monthly basis:

         a. The number of flights conducted under this COA. (A flight during which any portion
             is conducted in the NAS must be counted only once, regardless of how many times it
             may enter and leave Special Use airspace between takeoff and landing)

         b. Aircraft operational hours per flight

         c. Ground control station operational hours in support of each flight, to include Launch
             and Recovery Element (LRE) operations

         d. Pilot duty time per flight

         e. Equipment malfunctions (hardware/software) affecting either the aircraft or ground
             control station

         f. Deviations from ATC instructions and/or Letters of Agreement/Procedures

         g. Operational/coordination issues

         h. The number and duration of lost link events (control, vehicle performance and health
             monitoring, or communications) per aircraft per flight.

I. Incident/Accident/Mishap Reporting.

    Immediately after an incident or accident, and before additional flight under this COA, the
    proponent must provide initial notification of the following to the FAA via the UAS COA
    On-Line forms (Incident/Accident).

1. All accidents/mishaps involving UAS operations where any of the following occurs:

    a. Fatal injury, where the operation of a UAS results in a death occurring within 30 days
         of the accident/mishap

    b. Serious injury, where the operation of a UAS results in a hospitalization of more than
         48 hours, the fracture of any bone (except for simple fractures of fingers, toes, or
         nose), severe hemorrhage or tissue damage, internal injuries, or second or third-
         degree burns

    c. Total unmanned aircraft loss

    d. Substantial damage to the unmanned aircraft system where there is damage to the
         airframe, power plant, or onboard systems that must be repaired prior to further flight

    e. Damage to property, other than the unmanned aircraft.

2. Any incident/mishap that results in an unsafe/abnormal operation including but not
    limited to
    a. A malfunction or failure of the unmanned aircraft's on-board flight control system
         (including navigation)

    b. A malfunction or failure of ground control station flight control hardware or software
         (other than loss of control link)

    c. A power plant failure or malfunction

                                    Version 2.1: June 2012
FAA FORM 7711-1 UAS COA Attachment                             Page 13 of 21
                  2014-ESA-102

d. An in-flight fire

e. An aircraft collision

f. Any in-flight failure of the unmanned aircraft's electrical system requiring use of
    alternate or emergency power to complete the flight

g. A deviation from any provision contained in the COA

h. A deviation from an ATC clearance and/or Letter(s) of Agreement/Procedures

i. A lost control link event resulting in

(1) Fly-away, or

(2) Execution of a pre-planned/unplanned lost link procedure.

3. Initial reports must contain the information identified in the COA On-Line
    Accident/Incident Report.

4. Follow-on reports describing the accident/incident/mishap(s) must be submitted by
    providing copies of proponent aviation accident/incident reports upon completion of
    safety investigations. Such reports must be limited to factual information only where
    privileged safety or law enforcement information is included in the final report.

5. Public-use agencies other than those which are part of the Department of Defense are
    advised that the above procedures are not a substitute for separate accident/incident
    reporting required by the National Transportation Safety Board under 49 CFR Part 830
    §830.5.

6. This COA is issued with the provision that the FAA be permitted involvement in the
    proponent's incident/accident/mishap investigation as prescribed by FAA Order 8020.11,

    Aircraft Accident and Incident Notification, Investigation, and Reporting.

FLIGHT STANDARDS SPECIAL PROVISIONS

A. Contingency Planning

1. Point Identification. The proponent must submit contingency plans that address
    emergency recovery or flight termination of the unmanned aircraft (UA) in the event of
    unrecoverable system failure. These procedures will normally include Lost Link Points
    (LLP), Divert/Contingency Points (DCP) and Flight Termination Points (FTP) for each
    operation. LLPs and DCPs must be submitted in latitude/longitude (Lat/Long) format
    along with a graphic representation plotted on an aviation sectional chart (or similar
    format). FTPs or other accepted contingency planning measures must also be submitted
    in latitude/longitude (Lat/Long) format along with a graphic representation plotted on an
    aviation sectional chart, or other graphic representation acceptable to the FAA. The FAA
    accepts the LLPs, DCPs, FTPs, and other contingency planning measures, submitted by
    the proponent but does not approve them. When conditions preclude the use of FTPs, the
    proponent must submit other contingency planning options for consideration and
    approval. At least one LLP, DCP, and FTP (or an acceptable alternative contingency
    planning measure) is required for each operation. The proponent must furnish this data
    with the initial COA application. Any subsequent changes or modifications to this data

                                                               Version 2.1: June 2012
FAA FORM 7711-1 UAS COA Attachment  Page 14 of 21
                  2014-ESA-102

    must be provided to AJV-13 for review and consideration no later than 30 days prior to
    proposed flight operations.

2. Risk Mitigation Plans. For all operations, the proponent must develop detailed plans to
    mitigate the risk of collision with other aircraft and the risk posed to persons and property
    on the ground in the event the UAS encounters a lost link, needs to divert, or the flight
    needs to be terminated. The proponent must take into consideration all airspace
    constructs and minimize risk to other aircraft by avoiding published airways, military
    training routes, NAVAIDs, and congested areas. In the event of a contingency divert or
    flight termination, the use of a chase aircraft is preferred when the UAS is operated
    outside of Restricted or Warning Areas. If time permits, the proponent should make every
    attempt to utilize a chase aircraft to monitor the aircraft to a DCP or to the FTP. In the
    event of a contingency divert or flight termination, the proponent will operate in Class A
    airspace and Special Use airspace to the maximum extent possible to reduce the risk of
    collision with non-participating air traffic.

    a. LLP Procedures.

         (1) LLPs are defined as a point, or sequence of points where the aircraft will proceed
             and hold at a specified altitude, for a specified period of time, in the event the
             command and control link to the aircraft is lost. The aircraft will autonomously
             hold, or loiter, at the LLP until the communication link with the aircraft is
             restored or the specified time elapses. If the time period elapses, the aircraft may
             autoland, proceed to another LLP in an attempt to regain the communication link,
             or proceed to an FTP for flight termination. LLPs may be used as FTPs. In this
             case, the aircraft may loiter at the LLP/FTP until link is re-established or fuel
             exhaustion occurs.

         (2) For areas where multiple or concurrent UAS operations are authorized in the same
             operational area, a segregation plan must be in place in the event of a
             simultaneous lost link scenario. The segregation plan may include altitude offsets
             and horizontal separation by using independent LLPs whenever possible.

    b. DCP Procedures.

         (1) A DCP is defined as an alternate landing/recovery site to be used in the event of
             an abnormal condition that requires a precautionary landing. Each DCP must
             incorporate the means of communication with ATC throughout the descent and
             landing (unless otherwise specified in the Special Provisions) as well as a plan for
             ground operations and securing/parking the aircraft on the ground. This includes
             the availability of ground control stations capable of launch/recovery,
             communication equipment, and an adequate power source to operate all required
             equipment.

         (2) For local operations, the DCP specified will normally be the airport/facility used
             for launch and recovery; however, the proponent may specify additional DCPs as
             alternates.

         (3) For transit and/or mission operations that are being conducted in Class A airspace
             or Class E airspace above flight level (FL)-600, DCPs will be identified during
             the flight to be no further than one hour of flight time at any given time, taking

                                    Version 2.1: June 2012
FAA FORM 7711-1 UAS COA Attachment  Page 15 of 21
                  2014-ESA-102

         into consideration altitude, winds, fuel consumption, and other factors. If it is not
         possible to define DCPs along the entire flight plan route, the proponent must
         identify qualified FTPs along the entire route and be prepared to execute flight
         termination at one of the specified FTPs if a return to base (RTB) is not possible.

    (4) It is preferred that specified DCPs are non-joint use military airfields, other
         government-owned airfields, or private-use airfields. However, the proponent
         may designate any suitable airfield for review and consideration.

c. Flight Termination Procedures.

    (1) Flight termination is the intentional and deliberate process of performing
         controlled flight into terrain (CFIT). Flight termination must be executed in the
         event that all contingencies have been exhausted and further flight of the aircraft
         cannot be safely achieved or other potential hazards exist that require immediate
         discontinuation of flight. FTPs or alternative contingency planning measures must
         be located within power off glide distance of the aircraft during all phases of
         flight and must be submitted for review and acceptance. The proponent must
         ensure sufficient FTPs or other contingency plan measures are defined to
         accommodate flight termination at any given point along the route of flight. The
         location of these points is based on the assumption of an unrecoverable system
         failure and must take into consideration altitude, winds, and other factors.

    (2) Unless otherwise authorized, FTPs must be located in sparsely populated areas.
         Except for on- or near-airport operations, FTPs will be located no closer than five
         nautical miles from any airport, heliport, airfield, NAVAID, airway, populated
         area, major roadway, oil rig, power plant, or any other infrastructure. For offshore
         locations, the proponent must refer to appropriate United States Coast Guard
         (USCG) charts and other publications to avoid maritime obstructions, shipping
         lanes, and other hazards. Populated areas are defined as those areas depicted in
         yellow on a VFR sectional chart or as determined from other sources.

         (a) It is preferred that flight termination occurs in Restricted or Warning Areas,
             government-owned land, or offshore locations that are restricted from routine
             civil use. However, the proponent may designate any suitable location for
             review and consideration.

         (b) The proponent is required to survey all designated areas prior to their use as
             an FTP. All FTPs will be reviewed for suitability on a routine and periodic
             basis, not to exceed six months. The proponent assumes full risk and all
             liability associated with the selection and use of any designated FTP.

         (c) It is desirable that the proponent receive prior permission from the land owner
             or using agency prior to the use of this area as an FTP. The proponent should
             clearly communicate the purpose and intent of the FTP.

         (d) For each FTP, plans must incorporate the means of communication with ATC
             throughout the descent as well as a plan for retrieval/recovery of the aircraft.

         (e) Contingency planning must take into consideration all airspace constructs and
             minimize risk to other aircraft by avoiding published airways, military

                                    Version 2.1: June 2012
FAA FORM 7711-1 UAS COA Attachment  Page 16 of 21
                  2014-ESA-102

                      training routes, NAVAIDs, and congested areas to the maximum extent
                      possible.

                  (f) In the event of a contingency divert or flight termination, if time permits, the
                      use of a chase aircraft is preferred when the UA is operated outside of
                      Restricted or Warning Areas.

                  (g) In the event of a contingency divert or flight termination or other approved
                      contingency measures, the proponent will operate in Class A airspace and
                      Special Use airspace to the maximum extent possible to reduce the risk of
                      collision with non-participating air traffic.

B. Night Operation Limitations.

    Night operations are not authorized. UAS night operations are those operations that occur
    between the end of evening civil twilight and the beginning of morning civil twilight, as
    published in the American Air Almanac, converted to local time. (Note: this is equal to
    approximately 30 minutes after sunset until 30 minutes before sunrise).

C. It is noted that the proponent has several COAs operating from the Musgrave Research Farm.
    It is incumbent upon the proponent to ensure only one UAS is airborne at any one time.

AIR TRAFFIC CONTROL SPECIAL PROVISIONS

A. Coordination Requirements.

    1. Submission of proposed flight schedules to ATC is not required.

    2. Notify Elmira Approach at 607-739-1971 fifteen (15) minutes prior to UA flight
         operations and immediately after flights are completed for each time block or day.

    3. The Match Mate Airport is a private airport in close proximity of this UAS operational
         area. Prior to the commencement of operations under this authorization, the proponent
         must contact the manager of the airport and notify him of the proposed UAS operation.
         An agreement should be reached on what the airport will require for coordination, if any,
         prior to and/or post UAS operations. This notification may be accomplished via phone
         calls, e-mails, or another preferred method. Contact information for the airport owner:
         Mr. Ronald Buxenbaum at 2663 Dog Corners Road, Aurora, NY 13026. Phone 315-
         364-7635.

B. Communication Requirements.

    1. Two-way communication with ATC is not required.

    2. The PIC will monitor Elmira Approach frequency VHF 124.3 for situational awareness.

C. Flight Planning Requirements.

    Flight plans are not required as this is a VFR operation.

D. Lost Link & Emergency/Contingency Procedures.

    1. Lost Link Procedures:

         a. ATC does not need to be notified in the event of a lost link.

                                    Version 2.1: June 2012
FAA FORM 7711-1 UAS COA Attachment  Page 17 of 21
                  2014-ESA-102

    b. The following explains the procedures that the UA will follow should a lost link
         occur.

         (1) The DT-18 will terminate assigned mission and return to a predetermined holding
             pattern location.

         (2) The PIC will attempt to reestablish the command and control link. If link cannot
             be reestablished, the PIC can initiate the DT-18 to recover at the predefined
             landing zone using the back-up controller (safety link).

         (3) In the unlikely case that both the main link to the GCS and the safety link cannot
             establish communication with the DT-18, the UA will continue holding until such
             time the battery reaches 12.5 volts. At this point the UA will have multiple faults
             (lost link and battery) and will go into the auto landing mode.

    c. In the event of a "fly-away," the UAS pilot will immediately notify Elmira Approach
         on landline 607-739-1971. Additionally, if the UA departs in a westerly direction
         toward Rochester Approach Control (ROC) airspace (see Atch 2), contact Approach
         on landline 585-463-3822. If the UA departs in a northeasterly direction toward
         Syracuse Approach (SYR) airspace (see Atch 2), contact Approach on VHF 126.12
         (backup on landline 315-455-3840). The PIC will advise ATC of the situation and
         provide information:

         a. UA altitude

         b. UA last known location

         c. Direction of flight/heading

         d. Fuel on board/Battery Time

         e. Pilots intentions

         f. Termination of flight/emergency condition

2. If lost link occurs within a restricted or warning area, or the lost link procedure above
    takes the UA into the restricted or warning area ­ the aircraft will not exit the restricted or
    warning areas until the link is re-established.

3. The unmanned aircraft lost link mission will not transit or orbit over populated areas.

    a. Lost link programmed procedures will avoid unexpected turn-around and/or altitude
         changes and will provide sufficient time to communicate and coordinate with ATC.

    b. Lost link orbit points shall not coincide with the centerline of Victor airways.

4. Lost Communications:

    In the event of loss of communication between the PIC, visual observer, and/or ATC (if
    required), the procedures will be as follows:

    a. Change to back-up frequency on VHF Radio.

    b. Call using cellular phone.

    c. If communication is not possible, the PIC will commence mission termination and
         recover the UA. There will be no further flights until communications are restored.

                                    Version 2.1: June 2012
FAA FORM 7711-1 UAS COA Attachment  Page 18 of 21
                  2014-ESA-102

AUTHORIZATION
This Certificate of Waiver or Authorization does not, in itself, waive any Title 14 Code of
Federal Regulations, nor any state law or local ordinance. Should the proposed operation
conflict with any state law or local ordinance, or require permission of local authorities or
property owners, it is the responsibility of the Griffiss International Airport to resolve the matter.
This COA does not authorize flight within Special Use airspace without approval from the using
agency. The Griffiss International Airport is hereby authorized to operate the Delair-Tech DT-
18 Unmanned Aircraft System in the operations area depicted in the Activity section of this
attachment.

                                    Version 2.1: June 2012
FAA FORM 7711-1 UAS COA Attachment      Page 19 of 21
                  2014-ESA-102

             Attachment 1: Page 1 of 2

                                        Version 2.1: June 2012
FAA FORM 7711-1 UAS COA Attachment      Page 20 of 21
                  2014-ESA-102

             Attachment 1: Page 2 of 2
                   Operations Area

                                        Version 2.1: June 2012
FAA FORM 7711-1 UAS COA Attachment       Page 21 of 21
                  2014-ESA-102

                     Attachment 2
  Sector Boundaries ­ ELM, ROC, and SYR

                                         Version 2.1: June 2012
Attachment 6
Attachment 7
