June 17, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 11842
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­1148

Mr. Daniel J. Austin
Chief Executive Officer
ProFly Drones
6609 Brook Court
Fair Oaks, CA 95628

Dear Mr. Austin:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated April 7, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of ProFly Drones (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption. The petitioner
requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct aerial photography,
videography, mapping, surveying and search and rescue operations.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a Q500 Typhoon.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
                                                                                                                 2

consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, ProFly Drones is granted an exemption from 14 CFR
§§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121,
91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to the
extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                             3

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, ProFly Drones is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the Q500 Typhoon
    when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any
    other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
    not permitted.

3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
    exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
    compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
    airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
    aircraft manufacturer.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.

    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
    electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
    must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
    required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
                                                                                                            4

    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
                                                                                                            5

    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
                                                                                                               6

       (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
       be as large as practicable.

   23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
       any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
       PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
       These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
       official upon request.

   24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
       activities at all times.

   25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

   26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
       persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
          a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
             from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
             that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
             where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
             the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
             of nonparticipating persons; and
          b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
             for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
             the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
             present an undue hazard.

       The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
       nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

   27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
       permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
       Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
       obtained for each flight to be conducted.

   28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
       boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
       to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
       reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
       contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.
                                                                                                                 7

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                    8

This exemption terminates on June 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.
Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
                                  9

Project Officer: _______________

MR DANIEL J AUSTIN
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
PROFLY DRONES
6609 BROOK CT
FAIR OAKS CA 95628
 April 7, 2015  

   

 U.S. Department of Transportation 

 Docket Management System 

 1200 New Jersey Ave., SE Washington, DC 20590 

  

 Re: Exemption Request under Section 333  

Dear Sir or Madam: 
 
Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (the "Reform Act")
and 14 C.F.R. Part 11, ProFly Drones (Unmanned Aerial Video), the operator of the 
Q500 Typhoon Unmanned Aircraft System ("UAS"), seeks an exemption from the Federal
Aviation Regulations ("FARs") listed below. 
 
The requested exemption would permit ProFly Drones to operate their Q500, which weighs
under 3.5 lbs and produced by Yuneec, for commercial precision aerial surveys: 
 

          Farm land with Terra 3D mapping 
          Thermal mapping to aid in water conservation and use 
          Agricultural mapping aiding in fertilizer growth patterns 
          Search and Rescue 
          Real estate 
          
With the landowner's permission, the Q500 uses an onboard camera to capture high quality
digital images of the surveyed area. Use of the Q500 for aerial surveys reduces the need to
operate conventional aircraft for the same purpose and provides very high quality imagery at a
fraction of the cost. These savings result in enhanced efficiency and productivity for the affected
activities, as well as environmental benefits. 
 
Operations under the exemption will be subject to strict operating requirements and conditions
to ensure at least an equivalent level of safety to currently authorized operations using manned
aircraft and under conditions as may be modified by the FAA as required by Section 333. 
 
As described more fully below, the requested exemption would authorize commercial operations
of aerial surveys using the Q500, which at 3.5 lbs, is small in size. The Q500 will be operated
under controlled conditions:  
 
          Operated by an individual who possess a current Commercial Pilot License  
          Low altitude of less than 400 AGL in airspace that is limited in scope  
          It will have automated control features, as described below  
          ProFly Drones will be offering their surveys as a service 
          The airspace in which the UAS will operate will be logged for FAA inspection 
 
ProFly Drones respectfully submits that because this small, unmanned aerial vehicle will be
used in lieu of comparatively hazardous operations now conducted with fixed wing and rotary
conventional aircraft, the FAA can have confidence that the operations will achieve at least an
equivalent level or greater level of safety. Approval of this exemption would thereby enhance
safety and fulfill the Secretary of Transportation's (the FAA Administrator's) responsibilities
under Section 333(c) of the Reform Act to "establish requirements for the safe operation of such
aircraft systems in the national airspace system." 
 
The regulations from which the exemption is requested are as follows: 
14 C.F.R. Part 21; 
14 C.F.R. 45.23(b); 
14 C.F.R. 91.7(b); 
14 C.F.R. 91.9(b)(2); 
14 C.F.R. 91.109(a); 
14 C.F.R. 91.119; 
14 C.F.R. 91.151(a); 
14 C.F.R. 91.203(a) & (b); 
14 C.F.R. 91.405(a); 
14 C.F.R. 91.407(a)(1); 
14 C.F.R. 91.409(a)(2); 
14 C.F.R. 91.417(a). 
 
Appendix A discusses each rule listed above and explains why exemptions pursuant to the 
proposal set forth in this letter are appropriate, provide an equivalent level of safety, and are in 
the public interest. 
 

                    THE APPLICABLE LEGAL STANDARD UNDER SECTION 333 

 ProFly Drones submits that grant of this exemption application for use of the Q500 in precision

 aerial surveys will advance the Congressional mandate in Section 333 of the Reform Act to

 accelerate the introduction of UAS's into the national airspace system ("NAS") if it can be

 accomplished safely. This law directs the Secretary of Transportation to consider whether

 certain UASs may operate safely in the NAS before completion of the rulemaking required

 under Section 332 of the Reform Act. In making this determination, the Secretary is required to

 determine which types of UASs do not create a hazard to users of the NAS or the public or
 pose a threat to national security in light of the following: 

                 The UAS's size, weight, speed, and operational capability; 
                 Operation of the UAS in close proximity to airports and populated areas; 
                 Operation of the UAS within visual line of sight of the operator. 
                  
 Reform Act § 333(a)(1). If the Secretary determines that such vehicles "may operate safely in

 the national airspace system, the Secretary shall establish requirements for the safe operation

 of such aircraft in the national airspace system." Id. §333(c).  

 The Federal Aviation Act expressly grants the FAA the authority to issue exemptions. This

 statutory authority, by its terms, includes exempting civil aircraft, as the term is defined under

 §40101 of the Act, from the requirement that all civil aircraft must have a current airworthiness
certificate and those regulations requiring commercial pilots to operate aircraft in commercial
service: 

The grant of the requested exemption is in the public interest based on the clear direction in
Section 333 of the Reform Act; the additional authority in the Federal Aviation Act, as

amended;
               the strong equivalent level of safety surrounding the proposed operations; and the

significant public benefit, including enhanced safety and cost savings associated with
transitioning to UAS's for aerial survey photography. Accordingly, the applicant respectfully
requests that the FAA grant the requested exemption without delay as these are services
desperately needed in the California area due to drought issues. 

Grant of the exemption to ProFly Drones will be subject to the following mandatory conditions,
which are based upon operating conditions set forth for operation of UAS by public entities
pursuant to Certificates of Authorization, with additional restrictions: 

        All operations to occur in Class G airspace 
        Operations to avoid congested or populated areas, which are depicted in yellow on VFR
        charts 
        Operations to be conducted over private or controlled-access property 
        Permission from land owner/controller required before commencing any flight 
        Operations to occur during Visual Flight Rules Meteorological Conditions (VMC) 
        Aircraft to remain within Visual Line of Sight (VLOS) 

             o VLOS guaranteed with a cylinder of operation around operator of ½ nautical
                  miles (NM) 

             o Cylinder walls may be expanded by additional observer's  
        Operations to occur during daylight hours 
        Above Ground Level (AGL) altitude to be restricted to 400 feet 
        All operations conducted in vicinity of airport to remain more than 2.5 NM from centerline
        azimuth of runway centerline measured from runway thresholds 
        All required permissions and permits will be obtained from territorial, state, county or city
        jurisdictions, including local law enforcement, fire, or other appropriate governmental
        agencies 

            
Operator Requirements 

ProFly Drones respectfully proposes that operator requirements should take into account the
characteristics of the particular UAS. Certain UASs, such as the ProFly Drones Q500, are
characterized by a high degree of pre-programmed control and various built-in technical
capabilities that limit the potential for operation outside of the operating conditions set forth
above. 

The Q500 has a semi-autonomous navigation and control system comprised of a Ground
Control Station (GCS), GPS stabilization and auto-pilot system. In the case of unplanned
events, the operator can allow the aircraft to follow the pre-programmed evasive maneuvers
from the control unit or enable assisted steering for direct control. Pre-programmed maneuvers
include initiation of holding at present position; suspension of mission; fly back to launch point;
fly to point and hold; abort mission and land; and emergency power cut off and land (Flight
Termination System). 

Additional automated safety functions and safety enhancing features of the Q500 include the
following: 

          Detection of lost GPS for 2 seconds will initiate a right hand orbit, allowing the operator
          time to enter "Altitude" control mode. After 20 seconds, if the operator elects to do
          nothing, the aircraft will begin an auto land. 
          If the auto-pilot detects a lost-link to the GCS for longer than 5 seconds, the aircraft will
          orbit return to the designated "HOME" point, land and shut down.  
          Low power on the aircraft triggers an alarm on GCS at 12% (15 minutes left) 
          On-board failsafe limits aircraft descent speed to a maximum of approximately 5 m/s 
          The aircraft, weighing less than 3.5 lbs, fully loaded, is constructed of high impact
          plastic or similar material which is intended to absorb impact energy. 
          The motor is driven by a pulse width modulated signal, not an analog signal. 
           
In summary, applicant seeks an exemption from the FARs set forth above and in Appendix A

to allow commercial operations of a small unmanned vehicle conducting precision aerial

surveys. 

Approval of the exemption allowing commercial operations of the Q500 for precision survey
work will enhance safety by reducing risk. Conventional aerial survey operations, using jet or
piston-powered aircraft present risks associated with vehicles that weigh in the neighborhood
of 5,000 to 7,000 lbs, carry large quantities of fuel, passengers, and, in some cases, cargo.
Such aircraft must fly to and from the survey location. In contrast, a Q500 weighing less than
3.5 lbs and powered by batteries eliminates a portion of that risk given the reduced mass and
lack of combustible fuel carried on board. The Q500 is carried to the survey location, not flown
there. The Q500 will carry no passengers or crew and, therefore, will not expose any
individuals to the risks associated with manned aircraft flights. 

The operation of the Q500, weighing less than 3.5 lbs, for precision surveys in accordance with
the strict conditions outlined above, will provide an equivalent level of safety supporting the
grant of the exemptions requested herein, including exempting ProFly Drones from the
requirements of Part 21. 

The Q500's satisfaction of the criteria set forth in Section 333 of the Reform Act--size, weight,
speed, operating capabilities, lack of proximity to airports and populated areas, operation
within visual line of sight, and national security--and its showing of an equivalent level of
safety as it may relate to the requirement for a pilot's license, provide more than adequate
justification for the grant of the requested exemptions allowing commercial operation of the
Q500 in the commercial precision video business. 

Very truly yours,                         Pilots 
Daniel J. Austin                          Timothy Nelson CFI # 3189381 

Chief Executive Officer at ProFly Drones  Daniel J. Austin CFI # 27223122 
6609 Brook Ct.         
Fair Oaks, CA 95628 
916-705-9897 
