August 10, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12403
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­1898

Ms. Karen Dyberg
Spectrum Manager
Raytheon Integrated Defense Systems
1001 Boston Post Road
Marlborough, MA 01752

Dear Ms. Dyberg:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letters dated May 7 and May 18, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration
(FAA) on behalf of Raytheon Integrated Defense Systems (hereinafter petitioner or operator)
for an exemption. The petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to
conduct testing of the Raytheon radar system and other advanced defense technologies.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

The UAS proposed by the petitioner are the DJI Phantom 2 and DJI S900.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
                                                                                                                 2

aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Raytheon Integrated Defense Systems is granted an
exemption from 14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a),
91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and
91.417(a) and (b), to the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform
aerial data collection. This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed
below.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                             3

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Raytheon Integrated Defense Systems is hereafter referred to as
the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom 2 and
    DJI S900 when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations
    of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
    not permitted.

3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
    exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
    compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
    airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
    aircraft manufacturer.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.

    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
    electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
    must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
    required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
                                                                                                            4

    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.
                                                                                                            5

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.
                                                                                                            6

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

    The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
    nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
    reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
    contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.
                                                                                                                 7

 If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
 television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                      8

This exemption terminates on August 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,
/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
                                                         Raytheon Integrated Defense Systems
                                                         1001 Boston Post Road
                                                         Marlborough, MA 01752

May 7, 2015

U.S. Department of Transportation, Docket Operations
West Building Ground Floor, Room w12-140
1200 New Jersey Avenue, SE.,
Washington, DC 20590

Re: Raytheon IDS Petition for Exemption under 14 CFR 11.81 for use of DJI S900 Hexacopter

Dear Sir or Madam:

On behalf of Raytheon Integrated Defense Systems (Raytheon IDS) I am filing this Petition for Exemption, as
allowed by 14 C.F.R. § 11.81, to request exemption for use of a model aircraft by a company for its research and
development purposes.

Below, Raytheon IDS sets forth the required information for consideration of this exemption request. If further
explanation is required for any of these criteria to be met, please contact me at: 508-450-9236 or
Karen.Dyberg@Raytheon.com.

1. Name, Address and Contact Information for Petitioner

Name: Raytheon Integrated Defense Systems
Contact: Karen Dyberg, Spectrum Manager
Address: 1001 Boston Post Road, Marlborough, MA 01752
Phone: 508-450-9236
e-mail: Karen.Dyberg@Raytheon.com

2. Regulatory Exemption Sought:

Raytheon IDS is seeking an exemption from the FAA's Regulations requiring a Certificate of Airworthiness. In
this case, the exemption sought is a specific exemption for the proposed operations described below from 14
C.F.R. Sections 21.11, 21.15, 21.20, and 21.21 all related to the requirement to have an airworthiness certificate in
place prior to use of an aircraft.

3. Extent of Relief Sought:

Raytheon IDS is seeking relief to allow it to operate the DJI S900 hexacopter, a model aircraft, as the platform
used for testing of a radar simulator device in Raytheon IDS's development of a rapid prototype radar system.
The use of this mobile platform will greatly reduce the cost and speed the time to develop the proposed radar
system by allowing remote mobile testing and advancement of the prototype radar system. The relief sought is
from the prohibition on companies using model aircraft in their business operations. This relief is very limited,
since the model aircraft is used in development of a radar, not for any other purpose.

Regulations from which relief is sought:

Raytheon is seeking relief from a number of sections under Title 14 of the Code of Federal Regulations,
including:

14 CFR Part 21 ­ Airworthiness Certification, subpart H
14 CFR Part 61 ­ Certification: Pilots, Light Instructors, and Ground Instructors
Page 2 of 12

         14 CFR Part 91 ­ General Operating and Flight Rule
                   91.103(b)(2) ­ Preflight action
                   91.105 ­ Flight crewmembers at stations
                   91.109 ­ Flight instruction
                   91.119 ­ Minimum safe altitudes
                   91.121 ­ Altimeter settings
                   91.151 ­ Fuel requirements for flights in VFR conditions
                   91.405 ­ Maintenance required
                   91.407 ­ Operation after maintenance
                   91.409 ­ Inspections
                   91.417 ­ Maintenance records

Without such relief, Raytheon would not be allowed to use the aircraft for its independent research and
development work.

4. Reason for Relief ­ Proposed Operations:

The proposed testing requires use of an airborne mobile transmitter that will simulate the movement of an
object that Raytheon's developmental radar needs to track. The radar tracking is part of a rapid prototype
technology development effort. Using commercial-off-the-shelf technology is key to keeping costs low and
delivering results quickly.

The model aircraft will be equipped with a radar simulator and flown on secure Raytheon property or in
specially designated areas with personnel ensuring secure and safe operations. The purpose is for testing of a
Raytheon radar system under development at Raytheon's Pelham, New Hampshire facility. Most of the test
sites selected are parking lots or open areas that are on Raytheon facilities, which are fenced in and have
restricted access. Since the proposed operations will comply with the amateur UAV user parameters ­ line of
sight operations and no operation above 400 feet ­ the restricted access to the flight areas should ensure that
there is no burden on the national airspace and no impact on other aircraft.

Details of the proposed operations are set out below.

         A. UAS System
                   a. Aircraft Performance and Performance Limitations
                   b. Operating Procedures
                   c. Aircraft loading information
                        Make: DJI
                        Model: S900,
                        SN: 0370062767
                        Technical Specifications:
                              Diagonal Wheelbase: 90cm
                              S900 Takeoff Weight (w/ payload): 5.4Kg
                              Payload Weight: 2.1Kg
                              Battery Power: LiPo 22.2V 15000mAh
                              Estimated Hover Time: 18min (@15000mAh & 5.4Kg Takeoff Weight )

         B. Pre-flight inspections, maintenance, repair
              In accordance with manufacturer instructions we will follow the following instructions to the
              letter:
Page 3 of 12

                          Figure 1. Spreading Wings S900 User Manual ver. 1.2, December 2014, at p. 4
              Further, to ensure safe operations, the program will also follow the AMA Radio Control Large
              Model Airplane Program pre-flight inspection checklist, as shown in Attachment A.
         C. RF spectrum to be used for control of UAS
              The program will use the Futaba 8J controller for remote control operations. It uses the 2.4 GHz
              unlicensed band configured for RC controllers. The controller is FCC certified. This controller
              has a special feature. The UAV has an autonomous operation capability. If communication
              between the UAV and the controller is lost, or if the battery is running low, the UAV has a
              "return to home" function. The UAV will activate the function autonomously if communication
              with the controller gets too weak or if the UAV determines its battery life requires return to the
              home station to ensure safe arrival at the home station before battery exhaustion. Furthermore, if
              the controller is somehow dropped or broken, the UAV will also return to the home station. If the
              person in control of the UAV wishes to manually activate the home function, that capability is
              also available. This would be done if the UAV is operating out of the ordinary or if there is any
              issue with UAV control. The operator just pushes the home button and the UAV will return
              home.
         D. Associated equipment that will be part of UAS ­ sensors, cameras, etc.
              To undertake further development of one of Raytheon's advanced radar systems, an airborne
              Synthetic Target Generator (STG) is required to exercise the radar. This payload is a radio that is
              sending out signals at 5 Watts with an ERP of 50 Watts (peak power). This radio signal is used to
              simulate a remote system that is part of an advanced radar development initiative. Raytheon IDS
              will obtain an FCC experimental license for the appropriate radio operations.
              Installation: The STG with an omni-directional antenna will be added to a small Unmanned
              Aerial Vehicle (UAV) host platform, the S900, to emulate real target motion through space. The
              UAV-mounted STG will transmit the FCC-authorized waveforms at low power levels, from
              several locations, described in detail below. This will allow Raytheon to test the performance of
              the radar when it is working with an actual moving target that is trackable by the radar system.
Page 4 of 12

              No ground-based moving target offers the opportunity to track at the distances required, only a
              target in motion in the air allows the radar to perform as necessary for its advanced development.

         E. Pilot In Command
                   a. Qualifications of person who will be directly responsible for operation of UAS
                       Private Pilot since 1973: Single Engine Land: Various Single Engine Aircraft
                      P ilot has flown his own Personal, UAS Quadcopter for more than 1 year

                   b. Level of airman certificate held
                       Private Pilot, Single Engine Land

                   c. Applicable training related to the operation
                       The pilot has trained and been licensed and certificated as a pilot. He has personal
                        experience operating UAS systems.

                   d. Minimum hours of flight experience
                       Over 200 hours of flight experience

                   e. If operation will use visual observers, describe their roles and qualifications
                       The remote control operator will be the observer for all flight operations.

                   f. Medical standards and certification of the person(s) directly responsible for operation of
                   the UAS.

                       Yearly Physical

         F. Safety:
                   a. How operations will not adversely affect safety: The proposed operations are limited in
                        time and scope. Testing will take place only on limited work days, when the radar testing
                        is underway. The testing will be limited to 15 minute increments, which is the power
                        limitation of the UAV. The areas selected, described in more detail in this Petition, are
                        protected from public access, and are isolated areas, even on the Raytheon properties. No
                        operations are proposed that would cause any sort of hazard.

                   b. How operations will provide a level of safety at least equivalent to that provided by the
                        rule from which exemption is sought: The rules from which exemptions are sought are
                        the rules that precludes this UAV operation by this operator ­ Raytheon. The current
                        rules preclude a business from operating the UAV, although the rules would allow an
                        amateur to operate the same UAV, under less restricted circumstances. So, to ensure the
                        proper level of safety, the proposed operation will be strictly in accordance with the
                        already-permitted amateur operating guidelines, only by a company that needs to use the
                        platform to expedite development of a radar system. Because Raytheon has a regulatory
                        compliance program, the level of safety of operations will be followed strictly, leading to
                        a level of safety at least equivalent to that which results from amateur operations of the
                        same UAV platform. Pre- and post-flight safety checks and operation by a licensed pilot
                        will also ensure that the level of safety for these operations will be at least equivalent to
                        the rule that allows amateur operations of this UAV.

                   c. Plans to implement clearly defined operational borders and procedures to ensure public
                        safety, which includes persons and property both in the air and on the ground: The
                        operational borders are in place because of the areas of operation selected. Three areas
                        are contained on secure Raytheon facilities; the others are MDC which is adjacent to a
Page 5 of 12

                        Raytheon property and Area 4, which is a designated UAS test-site. The Raytheon
                        facilities, which are the top priority sites to use, are fenced off from the general public,
                        with secure access required, and all entrances to the property are gated with security at
                        the gates. At those sites, the area of operation is wholly contained within the Raytheon
                        facilities, and the areas chosen on the Raytheon property are remote and unused. The
                        areas were selected because of their remote and unused condition. Further, Raytheon will
                        post signs around the operational area prior to test operations to ensure that no people
                        will be exposed to any potential harm. In addition, because the area of operations is
                        small and the operator will be within sight of the UAS at all times, the operator will be
                        able to also watch out to protect any Raytheon employee who might be in the test area
                        unexpectedly.

                        The low mass and low speed of operation for this UAV will also ensure that there is no
                        harm to any individual in the area of operation.

         G. Flight Characteristics
                   a. Maximum operating speed ­ The maximum speed of the UAV is 16 m/second (about 30
                        miles per hour). The UAV will NOT operate above 20 miles per hour. The UAV
                        device will take off and be used primarily to hover with its radio payload in operation.
                        The goal is to ensure that the remote radar is able to detect the simulated radar target and
                        to work on processing the signals. For that testing, the UAV does not need to move very
                        much, in fact it would impede the operation of the radar testing if it did. The hover
                        capability of this UAV is the reason that the program chose a hexacopter rather than a
                        fixed wing aircraft. There will be some side-to-side movement 30-40 meters either
                        direction, but the testing design calls for the UAV to remain primarily in one general area
                        at the test facility. The flight pattern will be either an oval or a figure 8 pattern over the
                        test area. The maximum speed used in testing could go as high as 20 miles per hour.

                   b. Altitude ­ below 400 feet.

                   c. Describe minimum flight visibility ­ No flights will be conducted if the weather visibility
                        is less than 3 miles from the control station. If the visibility is 3 miles or greater, and
                        wind conditions allow for safe flight, flights may be conducted as necessary.

                   d. Distance from clouds for intended operations - The normal cloud ceiling in this area is
                        above 3000 feet, and the maximum altitude of flight will be below 400 feet. If it is a
                        cloudy day, they will not fly anyway. Further, there will always be visual line of sight
                        between the operator and the UAV.

                   e. Potential hazards and safety mitigations - The mass of the UAV is low enough that the
                        device does not pose much of a safety hazard. The testing area will be cleared of any
                        people who are not part of the test prior to any operations. The operator will ensure that
                        the UAV operates clear of trees, power lines, buildings, street lights, and other
                        obstructions. The failsafe in the UAV will help to ensure that the UAV does not land
                        away from the operator, because it will return to home rather than lose signal or power.

         H. Characteristics of Area of Intended Operation
                   a. General Description ­ The areas selected for operation are four open areas on, and in one
                        case next to, Raytheon property, where there are no people and the actual area of
                        operation would be away from buildings. The fifth site selected is a UAV test range that
                        would only be used if none of the other sites was available.
Page 6 of 12

                        The Raytheon sites: Pelham, Raytheon HQ, and Sudbury are all on property that is
                        securely fenced off from public access. To gain access to the property, any visitor would
                        have to go through security at the main gate. The security of the facility is high because
                        of the nature of work that Raytheon conducts. There will be no passers by entering the
                        test area. Further, no general public vehicle traffic will be in the area.

                        MDC is at a Raytheon property in Woburn, Massachusetts. The test area is public land
                        behind the Raytheon property, and the area is generally not accessed by the public. This
                        site is not expected to be in use very much for the testing, but it was added in case its
                        location is necessary for the geometry testing of the radar.

                        The UAV test range is not on Raytheon property, but it is a known UAV test range, and
                        as such it is known to the public as a place where UAVs are flown. Raytheon, if it uses
                        this site at all, will used enhanced precautions to ensure that there are no hazards present
                        during any flights conducted there.

                   b. Google Earth images of each of the five test areas are below:

                        Site Locations (Lat, Long, & Alt -ft)
                        Site0: 42.737013°, -71.354670°, 412
                        Site1: 42.637037°, -71.249763°, 197
                        Site2: 42.521533°, -71.141729°, 107
                        Site3: 42.364951°, -71.430758°, 159
                        Site4: 42.616659°, -71.510590°, 204

                        The Figures 2-6 are taken from Google Earth, depicting the site locations with a 100
                        meter radius from the site coordinates. The radius is for informational purposes only,
                        since the hexacopter will not fly throughout the whole radius. At the MDC and Sudbury
                        sites, operations will be limited to the sectors shown, to ensure additional safety. When
                        the hexacopter is in use, it will fly/hover in a very limited portion of the area shown.
                        These images are presented to allow the reviewer to see that the areas selected are away
                        from people and mostly away from buildings. In those areas, the hexacopter will fly in
                        an oval or figure eight pattern, if it is not simply hovering.
Page 7 of 12
                                                     Figure 2. Pelham Site

              Figure 3. Raytheon Headquarters ­ back parking lot, showing potential flight pattern
Page 8 of 12

                                     Figure 4. MDC, showing potential flight pattern

       8

                             Figure 5. Sudbury location, showing a potential flight pattern
Page 9 of 12

                                                   Figure 6. UAV test range
                   c. Associated potential hazards

                        Pelham: None.
                        Raytheon HQ: None
                        MDC: None
                        Sudbury: None
                        UAV test range: None
                   d. Proximity to populated areas - The area of operations will be limited to the open spaces in
                        the sites selected. Operations will be controlled by a licensed pilot, and the operations
                        will avoid any buildings. This is essential not only for the safety of flight and the people
                        in the buildings, but any flight near a building could interfere with the radio
                        experimentation that is the purpose of the flight.
         I. Proximity of any Airports
              Site-by-site assessment of airport proximity:
              Pelham Site ­ the Pelham site is near the Steck Farm Airport, which does not appear to have a
              runway, although there do appear to be some bi-planes parked at the farm, and they may use the
              field as their runway.
              Raytheon HQ ­ about 4.5 miles from the headquarters location, to the northeast and in the
              Merrimack River is the Merrimack Valley Seaplane Base. There are no other airports or heliports
              nearby.
              MDC ­ no nearby airports. There is a "digital heliport" within about 2 miles, but on closer
              inspection, it does not appear to be a heliport at all, since there are no markings for use by aircraft
              in the parking lot.
Page 10 of 12

              Sudbury ­ Nearby airports: there is an old airstrip is nestled in the woods about 1.5 miles from
              the Sudbury location, but it appears to be in disrepair and not used. Also, the Marlboro Airport is
              approximately 5 miles from this test site. It is a public airport with one runway that averages
              about 37 flights per day.

              UAV Test Range ­ the only aircraft facility within five miles of the UAV test range is the
              Nashoba Community Hospital Heliport. The next nearest airport is Pepperell Airport which is
              between 7 and 8 miles away from the UAV test range. Pepperell is a private airport, used largely
              for sky diving activities. While the airport is open to general aviation, not commercial, and pilots
              must call first to use the airport.

              Summary Analysis: After review of the nearby airports, and given the height limitation of the
              UAV flights (400 feet or less) there is no anticipated concern that any UAV operations will pose
              a hazard to any airport or flight operations.

         J. Operation in Visual line-of-sight in accordance with Section 333(b)(1)
              The operations will operate with visual line of sight. The UAV will never be out of sight of the
              operator. Because the area of operations will have a radius of 100 meters, with the expectation
              that the UAV will hover more than it will fly, the UAV is expected to be much closer to the
              operator than 100 meters. The areas selected for operation, as shown in figures 2-6, are open
              areas with no obstacles or obstructions to view. These areas were selected both for the safety of
              flight characteristics, but also because open areas are required for the testing to be effective.
              Figures 3, 4, and 5 also include overlays which show the possible flight paths of the UAV at those
              test sites. The UAV operations will be limited to oval (race track) paths or figure eight paths, to
              keep the UAV in a discrete area away from any obstacles, buildings, or people. Further, these
              flight paths are ideally designed for the radar development operations that are the purpose of the
              UAV flights.

              The pilot in command of the UAV will maintain visual contact with the UAV as well as having
              control of the RC controller to direct flight. Finally, the pilot in command will have the ability to
              trigger the "home" command if at any point safety requires it.

         K. Procedures for pre-flight safety risk assessment to comply with 14 CFR Section 91.7(b)
              The pilot, along with the UAV team, will conduct a pre-flight safety risk assessment prior to any
              operations. The procedures will include:

              Checking and monitoring weather conditions every 15 minutes the day of flight to ensure that
              wind conditions will not allow loss of control to the UAV.

              Checking visibility to ensure that the minimum visibility will be maintained throughout each 15
              minute scheduled flight.

              Inspecting the chosen flight area for obstacles, people, or valuable property. Adjusting the flight
              area to avoid any obstacles or people to ensure the safety of all.

              Prior to each flight, the flight area will be cordoned off with signs posted that a flight is in
              progress and that people should avoid the area. This will protect any Raytheon staff from
              inadvertently entering the area during a flight, thereby minimizing any chance of risk to humans.
Page 11 of 12

              Further, to ensure the airworthiness of the aircraft, the pilot will conduct all of the pre-flight
              safety checks and inspections listed in the AMA manual ­ see Attachment A ­ and in the aircraft
              user manual ­ See Figure 1, above ­ before every flight.

              Raytheon's proposed testing would equip the hexacopter with a simulated radar transmitter and
              fly the hexacopter in specifically designated areas, below 400 feet, to allow work on advancement
              of the radar system.

              The central radar, where system development is taking place is located at: Pelham, New
              Hampshire - Site0: 42.737013°, -71.354670°, 412 ft AMSL

              The operations would be conducted by a specialized team of operators who are expert in use of
              the hexacopter as well as very familiar with the FAA's requirements for see and avoid procedures
              with regard to any and all other aircraft operating in the nearby National Air Space.

5. How would this request benefit the public as a whole:

The proposed operations will deliver a high quality technology to potential US government customers at a
rapid rate and economical cost. This benefits the public by delivering advanced technology rapidly that will
enhance national security. Further, the use of commercial off the shelf components as a platform for
developing the radar system will save tax payer dollars over development of a customized UAV as the
platform for the radar simulator. Further, there is no harm to the public from the proposed operation. The
goal is to use this UAV as part of a research experiment, not as a device for hire.

The whole purpose of the operation is to use the UAV as a platform that will advance the development of a
radar system. Testing of this UAV is not the reason for this request. The experimentation is devoted to radar
system development. Advances in the radio system will prove fruitful for Raytheon's DOD customers.

6. Reasons why this exemption will not adversely affect safety or how this exemption will provide
    safety at least equivalent to the existing rule:

The proposed operations will be conducted by a licensed pilot who is very familiar with the FAA's rules on
UAS operations.

Use will be limited to the greatest extent possible, and the burden on the national air space will be as low as
possible, since flight operations will only take place to advance the science of the radar. The primary
locations for this testing are on Raytheon plant sites, and not at publicly available spaces. The areas selected,
as described above, are fenced off from the public and only personnel with proper authority are allowed on
site. With the low altitude of flight, there is no chance of any interference with any aircraft or other UAVs.

Further, testing will only be conducted sporadically, in good weather conditions, and by personnel who are
experienced with the need to protect the national air space using see and avoid techniques.

The operations will be conducted by a certificated airman with many years of experience as a pilot. His
experience in conducting pre-flight and post-flight inspections will prove invaluable to ensuring that the flight
operations are conducted in compliance with all procedures. Further, his experience will also prove
invaluable in ensuring that the flight operations will be conducted in accordance with the proper diligence and
care.

This level of experience and attention to proper procedure is essential to ensuring Raytheon's compliance
with the FAA's regulations. Since these aircraft are otherwise flown by amateurs for recreational purposes, in
Page 12 of 12

areas which may not be controlled, the proposed exemption will provide safety at least equivalent to the
existing rule.

7. Summary:

Raytheon is seeking an exemption from the FAA for the use of a commercial-off-the-shelf UAV to speed the
development of advanced defense technologies. The use of the UAV will allow for rapid prototyping of a
radar system and speed the troubleshooting of various technical issues by using a remote synthetic target
generation that will test the radar performance.

The exemption request seeks authorization for use of the DJI S900 Hexacopter to carry the target generator.
The FAA's current regulations preclude a business from using an amateur UAV in their business operations.
Because the aircraft does not yet have an airworthiness certificate, this petition seeks to waive various FAA
regulations regarding the use of certificated aircraft. However, the key to the testing is that Raytheon will be
using a UAV that is widely available to amateur users, and Raytheon will be using the UAV in highly
controlled environments and with stringent safety protocols.

Raytheon will utilize the experience of a licensed pilot to command the operations of the aircraft. The aircraft
will operate below 400 feet in altitude. The aircraft in question has a homing feature which will ensure that it
never loses power far from its starting point and which ensures that it will not fly out of range of the
controller.

Operations will be limited to visual line of sight, with an emphasis on see-and-avoid procedures being
followed.

Flights will be sporadic and limited to 15 minutes at a time, not constant, and certainly not daily.
Furthermore, the UAV will only be in use during the workday, not at night nor on the weekends.

Grant of this Petition for Exemption is in the public interest because it will advance the radar science through
the use of innovative technology, at a lower cost to the public and at a quicker pace that is important for our
nation's security. Further, the proposed operations, which include command by a trained pilot, do not pose a
greater risk to the public than operations already taking place by amateurs.

This Petition does not seek an exemption for use of the UAV for hire. It is simply a highly efficient tool for
advanced development of a radar technology which is important to the US Department of Defense.

Conclusion:
For the foregoing reasons, Raytheon IDS respectfully requests that the FAA grant this Petition for Exemption
to allow it to operate a UAV platform for the rapid and cost-effective development of its radar system.
Raytheon IDS will take all precautions to protect the national airspace, as described above. Should you have
any questions or need further information, please contact me.

This request is vital to our national security. Thank you very much for your consideration.

Sincerely,

Karen Dyberg
Spectrum Manager
Raytheon Integrated Defense Systems
Large Model Airplane Program--Preflight Checklist  ATTACHMENT A

                GUIDELINES FOR LARGE MODEL AIRPLANE INSPECTIONS

No one can predict equipment failure or pilot error in the flying of radio controlled airplane.
However, if the following preliminary precautions are met, equipment and structural failures can
be minimized.

Whether you are the owner of a LMA or an appointed LMA Inspector, you will evaluate every
aspect of the airplane awaiting certification.

The following is considered the criteria for certification of Large Model Airplane:

                             Check List for Preflight Inspection

1. UN-ASSEMBLED INSPECTION

    1.1 WING GROUP

( ) Fuselage attachment points
( ) Strut attachment points
( ) Rigging wire attachment points
( ) Servo mounting
( ) Pushrods/cables and actuating links
( ) Control horns
( ) Control surface hinges and area around hinges
( ) Undercarriage integrity and attachment points
( ) Structural integrity overall
( ) Covering integrity

    1.2 FUSELAGE GROUP

( ) Wing attachment points
( ) Undercarriage integrity and attachment points
( ) Servo mounting
( ) Pushrods/cables and actuating links
( ) Control horns
( ) Control surface hinges and area around hinges
( ) Fin and rudder assembly
( ) Horizontal stabilizer assembly
( ) Bracing/strut attachment points
( ) Structural integrity overall
( ) Covering integrity

                                                   Page 13 of 29
Large Model Airplane Program--Preflight Checklist

    1.3 ENGINE(S)

*( )Propeller secure and undamaged
*( )Spinner secure and clear of propeller blades
*( )Engine mounting and accessories secure
*( )Cowling attachment
*( )Magneto switch functioning and OFF
*( )External servicing points (fuel, plus, etc.)

    1.4 RADIO EQUIPMENT

( ) Receiver installation
( ) Battery installation
( ) Antenna installation
( ) Switch installation
( ) Wiring and plugs clean, undamaged and secure

2. ASSEMBLED INSPECTION

    2.1 GENERAL

( ) First ensure that all components fit together correctly, and that no undue strain is
    needed to achieve proper alignment.

    2.2 RIGHT WING

( ) No non-design twists or warps
( ) Wing tips true
( ) Wing leading edge
( ) Struts and rigging secure
( ) Attachment to fuselage
( ) Undercarriage attachment
( ) Alignment of control surfaces

    2.3 FUSELAGE AND TAIL GROUP

( ) Horizontal stabilizer attachment
( ) Fin and rudder attachment
( ) Struts and bracing secure
( ) Alignment of tail group with respect to wing
( ) Alignment of control surfaces
( ) Tail wheel assembly
( ) Canopy

                                                                                                                  Page 14 of 29
Large Model Airplane Program--Preflight Checklist

    2.4 LEFT WING
( ) No non-design twists or warps
( ) Wing tips true
( ) Wing leading edge
( ) Struts and rigging secure
( ) Attachment to fuselage
( ) Undercarriage attachment
( ) Alignment of control surfaces

    2.5 MISCELLANEOUS
 ( )Center of gravity
*( )Correct movement and centering of all control surfaces
*( )Battery charge, fuel, air pressure all sufficient

    2.6 CHECKS WITH ENGINE(S) RUNNING
*( )Airplane secure before start (tied down preferred)
*( )Engine performance and reliability
*( )Propeller and spinner balance
*( )Minimal airplane vibration
*( )Radio reliability
*( )Radio range check

The above check list is to be completed by the owner of a LMA or an appointed inspector prior
to test flights. All items are to be marked "N/A" if not applicable, checked if passed, or left blank
pending re-inspection if failed.
The Check List is subsequently used by the operator of the airplane:
(a) Once at the beginning of a flying session (all items)
(b) Before every flight (items marked with an * only)

                                                                                                                  Page 15 of 29
Large Model Airplane Program--Preflight Checklist

                                 PREFLIGHT CHECKOUT TEST

                                 (Should be completed prior to each flight)

CONTROL SYSTEM:

( ) Perform a range check with your radio. Use the recommended range check distances as
described by the radio manufacturer as a minimum test range requirement. Perform the range
check, without the engine operating, to the maximum range achievable without control
degradation.

( ) Run a similar check with the engine operating at power levels from idle to maximum power.
If there is range degradation with an operating engine there is an issue with ignition noise and/or
a vibration induced problem. Do not fly until this is resolved. ANY reduction in range means a
loss in signal/noise ratio and a chance of control loss in flight.

The engine off/engine on test should be conducted prior to each flying session since degradation
of shielding and spark plugs with usage is a historical fact.

( ) Check servo operating for erratic performance, especially with the engine(s) operating. Be
sure they operate smoothly throughout the entire control range. Apply hand load to surfaces
while being moved by transmitter action to check for non-flexing of control cables/rods.

( ) Transmitter battery life MUST have been previously established by a discharge test, prior to
first flight.

( ) Keep a daily record of transmitted "ON" time.

( ) Check the state of charge of the flight battery packs, UNDER LOAD, just prior to each
flight. Flight battery packs MUST have been previously checked for design capacity prior to first
flight.

( ) Check the function of the fail-safe system by turning off the transmitter and observing the
results.

VEHICLE:

Thoroughly inspect the airplane and components for assembly and for structural integrity.

( ) Inspect the wing and tail assembly for signs of structural failure.

( ) Examine all control surface hinging for design integrity.

( ) Examine servo mounting and retention screws or bolts.

( ) Examine all push rods and keepers.

                                                                                                                  Page 16 of 29
Large Model Airplane Program--Preflight Checklist

( ) Be SURE there is no looseness or slop in the control components.
( ) Check the mounting provision for tightness and security of all components that are
removable for transporting to and from the flying site.
( ) Inspect fuselage for signs of potential failure or damage during previous flights or
transporting.
( ) Check servo installation and be sure the servo arm retention screws are tight.
( ) Inspect receiver/servo wiring for integrity and see that all plugs connecting the components
are taped or in some way protected from vibrating apart. Include battery pack plugs.
( ) Check to see that receiver antenna(s) are routed away from servos. Vertical orientation of
antenna is preferred.
( ) Check for NO STRAIN on antenna/receiver connection.
( ) Examine landing gear mounting and function. (retract/steering)
( ) Examine fuel tank(s) installation for adequate support, isolation from vibration and ZERO
leakage. Special care must be given to gasoline systems in view of the increased fire hazards
involved.

ENGINES:
( ) Inspect mounting for looseness, cracks or evidence of degradation.
( ) Check for loose bolts, muffler looseness, routing and integrity of ignition wiring, etc.
( ) Check propeller(s) and installation for tightness. Propellers must have the edges rounded to
prevent hand cuts on starting. Always use a glove or engine starter.
( ) Check spinner(s) for tightness or cracks. (Loss of a spinner and/or propeller in flight can
quickly generate a panic situation).
( ) Inspect cowl area for loose nuts and bolts.

                                                                                                                  Page 17 of 29
Large Model Airplane Program--Preflight Checklist

ENGINE RUN-UPS:
( ) Exercise extreme caution when starting and operating engines. A starter is preferred to avoid
hazards to the hands or body.

    Securely restrain the vehicle. Do not allow ANYONE to be positioned in the plane of
rotation of the propeller(s).

    The use of safety glasses is encouraged. Avoid loose clothing, transmitter straps, etc. that
might engage the propeller.
( ) Always have a FIRE EXTINGUISHER available when operating gasoline engines.
( ) Start the engine(s) and check for proper idle.
( ) Be sure that the engine(s) operates at desired top end R.P.M. and does not sag with prolonged
running, from inadequate cooling.

PILOT STANDARDS:
The inspector will review the pilot's skill level at the same time as the model's qualification
flight.
Safe operation is a mixture of several ingredients: design, construction, pre-flight check-out and
the pilot. A proficient pilot can often avoid a disaster when power failure, partial loss of control
or many other incidents occur. The larger the airplane is, the more it will fly like a full-scale
airplane than smaller models. Control and engine(s) response are quite different from smaller
airplane.
The following constitutes the standards for pilots of airplanes in the LMA-2 classification:
( ) At least five years background in model design, construction, and/or piloting of radio
controlled model airplane.
( ) Has demonstrated successful flying experience of LARGE heavy models in excess of 40
pounds.
( ) A demonstrated ability to recognize stall and loss of aerodynamic control.

                                                                                                                  Page 18 of 29
