August 27, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12630
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­1391

Mr. Rafael Camacho
R.C. AZTEC ENTERPRISES INC.
212 West Washington Street
Suite 1711
Chicago, IL 60606

Dear Mr. Camacho:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated April 12, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of R.C. AZTEC ENTERPRISES INC. (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an
exemption. The petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to
conduct aerial photography, inspection, survey, and monitoring.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner are the DJI Phantom 2 Vision Plus, DJI Inspire 1, DJI S-
900, and RF- 70.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
                                                                                                                 2

provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

· They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

· The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

· A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, R.C. AZTEC ENTERPRISES INC. is granted an
exemption from 14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a),
91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and
91.417(a) and (b), to the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform
aerial data collection. This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed
below.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                                                 3

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, R.C. AZTEC ENTERPRISES INC. is hereafter referred to as
the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom 2
         Vision Plus, DJI Inspire 1, DJI S-900, and RF- 70 when weighing less than 55 pounds
         including payload. Proposed operations of any other aircraft will require a new
         petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
         must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
         documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
                                                                                                            4

    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.
                                                                                                            5

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.
                                                                                                            6

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

    The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
    nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
    reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
    contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.
                                                                                                                 7

 If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
 television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                                                 8
This exemption terminates on September 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.
Sincerely,
/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
April 12, 2015

U. S. Department of Transportation
Docket Management System
1200 New Jersey Ave., SE
Washington, DC 20590

Re: Exemption Request Section 333 of the FAA Reform Act

Dear Sir or Madam:

Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (the Reform Act) and 14
C.F.R. Part 11, R.C. AZTEC ENTERPRISES INC., a technology consulting and services company and operator
of Small Unmanned Aircraft Systems ("sUASs"), hereby applies for an exemption from the Federal
Aviation Regulations (FARs) listed below to allow operation of our Small Unmanned Aircraft System
(sUAS) commercially in airspace regulated by the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) so long as such
operations are conducted with and under the conditions outlined herein or as may be established by the
FAA as required by Section 333.

The requested exemption would permit R.C. AZTEC ENTERPRISES INC. to pursue its commercial interests
in providing services to clients using a small advanced sUAS in the following areas:

 Precision agriculture aerial surveying
 Pipeline inspection and patrolling
 Utility-power generation system inspections and patrolling
 Communications infrastructure inspection/monitoring
 Wildlife and forestry monitoring
 Construction site inspection and monitoring
 Public entity support operations.
 Real estate photography

As described more fully below, the requested exemption would permit the operation of small,
unmanned and relatively inexpensive sUAS under controlled conditions in airspace that is 1) limited 2)
predetermined 3) controlled as to access and 4) would provide safety enhancements to the already best
practices safety protocols followed by R.C. AZTEC ENTERPRISES INC. at each of its client project locations.
Approval of this exemption would thereby enhance safety and fulfill the Secretary of Transportation's
(the FAA Administrator's) responsibilities to "...establish requirements for the safe operation of such
aircraft systems in the national airspace system." Section 333(c) of the Reform Act.
The name and address of the applicant is:

R.C. AZTEC ENTERPRISES INC.
Attn: Rafael Camacho
212 W. Washington St. Suite 1711
Chicago, IL 60606
Phone: 312-545-6979
Email: rcamacho@rcaztecenterprises.com

Regulations from which the exemption is requested:

14 C.F.R. Part 21           Certification procedures for products and parts

14 C.F.R. 45.23(b)          Identification and registration marking

14 C.F.R. 61.113 (a) & (b)  Private pilot privileges and limitations: pilot in command.

14 C.F.R. 91.7 (a)          Civil aircraft airworthiness

14 C.F.R. 91.9 (b) (2)      Civil aircraft flight manual, marking, and placard requirements

14 C.F.R. 91.103            Preflight action

14 C.F.R. 91.109            Flight instruction; simulated instrument flight and certain flight tests

14 C.F. R. 91.119           Minimum safe altitudes; general

14 C.F.R. 91.121            Altimeter settings

14 C.F.R. 91.151 (a)        Fuel requirements and flight in VFR conditions

14 C.F.R. 91.203 (a) & (b)  Civil aircraft; certifications required

14 C.F.R. 91.405 (a)        Maintenance required

14 C.F.R. 407 (a) (1)       Operation after maintenance, preventative maintenance, rebuilding

                            or alteration

14 C.F.R. 409 (a) (2)       Inspections

14 C.F.R. 417 (a) & (b)     Maintenance records
   I. STATUTORY AUTHORITY FOR EXEMPTIONS
    The Federal Aviation Act expressly grants the FAA authority to issue exemptions. This statutory

authority includes exempting civil aircraft, as the term is defined under §40101 of the Act, including
sUASs, from the requirement that all civil aircraft must have a current airworthiness certificate.

         The Administrator may grant an exemption from a requirement of a regulation prescribed under
subsection (a) or (b) of this section or any sections 44702-44716 of this title if the Administrator finds
the exemption in the public interest. 49 U.S.C. §44701(f) See also 49 USC §44711(a); 49 USC §44704; 14
CFR §91.203(a) (1).

         Section 333(b) of the Reform Act assists the Secretary in determining whether sUAS may
operate in the National Airspace System (NAS) without creating a hazard to the user, the public, or a
threat to national security. In making this determination, the Secretary must consider:

    · The sUAS's size, weight, speed, and operational capability;
    · Whether the sUAS operates within the visual line of sight of the operator
    · Whether the sUAS operates outside of highly populated areas and away from close proximity to

         airports
Reform Act §333(a). If the Secretary determines that a sUAS "may operate safely in the national airspace
system, the Secretary shall establish requirements for the safe operation of such aircraft in the national
airspace system." Id. §333(c).
R.C. AZTEC ENTERPRISES's sUASs are rotorcraft, weighting 55 or fewer lbs. including payload. They
operate, under normal conditions at a speed of no more than 50 knots and have the capability to hover,
and move in the vertical and horizontal plane simultaneously. They will operate only in line of sight and
will operate only within a sterile area. Such operations will insure that the sUAS will "not create a hazard
to users of the national airspace system or the public."
We are petitioning for exemption to enable R.C. AZTEC ENTERPRISES to operate a DJI Phantom 2 Vision
Plus multi-rotor equipped with a three-axis gimbaled camera, a DJI Inspire 1 multi-rotor equipped with a
three-axis gimbaled camera, a DJI S-900 multi-rotor equipped with a three-axis gimbaled camera, and a
RF- 70 fixed wing sUAS equipped with a fixed position multi-spectral camera. These sUAS all weigh less
than 25 lbs., have a built- in capability to limit the height it flies above the ground, to limit the radius of
the distance it flies from the operator and to exclude it from Class B, C and D airspace including a no fly
zone feature. Each system also has the failsafe function of the autopilot system, which means when the
communication between the Main Controller and the transmitter is lost, the system will automatically
trigger Return to Home and will land safely.
Given the small size of the sUAS involved and the restricted and sterile environment within which they
will operate, our application falls squarely within the zone of safety (an equivalent level of safety) in
which Congress envisioned that the FAA must, by exemption, allow commercial operations of sUAS to
commence immediately. Also due to the small size of the sUAS and the low altitudes and restricted
areas in which the sUAS will operate, approval of the application presents no national security issue.
Given the clear direction in Section 333 of the Reform Act, the authority contained in the Federal
Aviation Act, as amended; the strong equivalent level of safety surrounding the proposed operations,
and the significant public benefit, including enhanced safety, the grant of the requested exemptions is in
the public interest. Accordingly, R.C. AZTEC ENTERPRISES, Inc. respectfully requests that the FAA grant
the requested exemption without delay.

Applicant interprets this provision to place the duty on the Administrator to not only process
applications for exemptions under section 333, but for the Administrator to craft conditions for the safe
operation of the UAS, if it should be determined that the conditions set forth herein do not fulfill the
statutory requirements for approval. The Federal Aviation Act expressly grants the FAA the authority to
issue exemptions. This statutory authority by its terms includes exempting civil aircraft, as the term is
defined under §40101 of the Act that includes sUASs, from the requirement that all civil aircraft must
have a current airworthiness certificate.

  II. PUBLIC INTEREST

This exemption application is expressly submitted to fulfill Congress' goal in passing Section 333(a)
through (c) of the Reform Act. This law directs the Secretary of Transportation to consider whether
certain unmanned aircraft systems may operate safely in the national airspace system (NAS) before
completion of the rulemaking required under Section 332 of the Reform Act. By granting an exemption
the FAA will fulfill Congress's intent of allowing UAS to operate with significant safety precautions in low
risk environments.

The use of sUAS on a work site can significantly reduce the risk to workers of falls while inspecting,
surveying, or monitoring site progress. sUAS can inspect, photograph, and collect data on hard to get to
areas that otherwise would require worker inspection. Falls are a leading source of workplace fatality
and injury on construction sites, and reducing falls through sUAS use for site imaging could save workers
lives.

Additionally, sUAS could replace the use of helicopters and small aircraft to monitor sites. The sUAS we
propose to fly in this application are under five pounds, and carry no combustible material on board, as
opposed to the much larger conventionally powered small aircraft. Shifting to sUAS from helicopters
presents a marked safety increase for our workers and the public.

Lastly, sUAS reduce the environmental impact by dramatically decreasing the energy used for aerial
imaging and data collection over a construction site. Our sUAS use rechargeable lithium ion batteries, as
opposed to fossil fuels burned in operation of small aircraft that are many hundreds of times heavier.

Reform Act § 333 (a). Lastly, if the Secretary determines that such vehicles "may operate safely in the
national airspace system, the Secretary shall establish requirements for the safe operation of such
aircraft in the national airspace system." Id. §333(c) (emphasis added)

Accordingly, the applicant respectfully requests that the FAA grant the requested exemption without
delay.
 III. AIRCRAFT AND EQUIVALENT LEVEL OF SAFETY

R.C. AZTEC ENTERPRISES proposes that the exemption requested herein apply sUAS that have the
characteristics and that operate with the limitations listed herein. These limitations provide for at least
an equivalent or even higher level of safety to operations under the current regulatory structure
because the proposed operations represent a safety enhancement to the already safe operations
conducted with conventional aircraft. These limitations and conditions to which R.C. AZTEC ENTERPRISES
agrees to be bound when conducting commercial operations under an FAA issued exemption include:

    1. The sUAS will be less than 55 pounds.
    2. Flights will be operated within visual line of sight of a pilot.
    3. Maximum total flight time for each operational flight will be 30 minutes. The UAS calculates

         battery reserve in real time, and will return to its ground station with at least 20% battery power
         reserve should that occur prior to the 30 minute limit.
    4. Flights will normally be operated at an altitude of 200 feet AGL, never exceeding 400 feet AGL.
    5. Crew for each operation will consist of the sUAS Pilot who will keep the sUAS within his visual
         line of sight at all times.
    6. The sUAS Pilot will be trained in flight, operations, and safety procedures as detailed in the
         Flight Manual.
    7. The sUAS will only operate within a confined "Sterile Area" as defined in the Manual. The
         Manual also requires the establishment of a "Security Perimeter" for the flight operations area.
    8. A briefing will be conducted in regard to the planned sUAS operations prior to each day's
         production activities. It will be mandatory that all personnel who will be performing duties
         within the boundaries of the safety perimeter be present for this briefing.
    9. All onsite personnel will consent to the UAS flyover on site by waiver, and the operator will
         obtain additional verbal or written consent of all persons who will be allowed within 100 feet of
         the flight operation.
    10. Pilot will have been trained in operation of UASs generally and received up-to-date information
         on the particular UAS to be operated as required by Section F of the Manual.
    11. Written and/or oral permission from the relevant property holders will be obtained.
    12. All required permissions and permits will be obtained from territorial, state, county or city
         jurisdictions, including local law enforcement, fire, or other appropriate governmental agencies.
    13. If the sUAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, it will have capability to enter "loiter
         mode" and hover, reestablish satellite connection, and return to a predetermined location
         within the Security Perimeter and land.
IV. DESCRIPTION OF SPECIFIC REGULATIONS

14 C.F.R. § 45.23 (b). Identification and registration markings

      (a) Each operator of an aircraft must display on that aircraft marks consisting of the Roman capital
letter "N" (denoting United States registration) followed by the registration number of the aircraft. Each
suffix letter used in the marks displayed must also be a Roman capital letter.

      (b) When marks include only the Roman capital letter "N" and the registration number is displayed
on limited, restricted or light-sport category aircraft or experimental or provisionally certificated aircraft,
the operator must also display on that aircraft near each entrance to the cabin, cockpit, or pilot station,
in letters not less than 2 inches nor more than 6 inches high, the words "limited," "restricted," "light-
sport," "experimental," or "provisional," as applicable.

Even though the UAS will have no airworthiness certificate, an exemption may be needed as the UAS
will have no entrance to the cabin, cockpit or pilot station on which the word "Experimental" can be
placed. Given the size of the sUAV, two-inch lettering will be impossible. The word "Experimental" will
be placed on the fuselage in compliance with §45.29 (f).

The equivalent level of safety will be provided by having the sUAV marked on its fuselage as required by
§45.29 (f) where the pilot, observer and others working with the sUAV will see the identification of the
UAS as "Experimental." The FAA has issued the following exemptions to this regulation to Exemptions
Nos. 10700, 8738, 10167 and 10167A.

14 CFR § 61.113 (a) & (b): Private pilot privileges and limitations: Pilot in command

      (a) Except as provided in paragraphs (b) through (h) of this section, no person who holds a private
pilot certificate may act as pilot in command of an aircraft that is carrying passengers or property for
compensation or hire; nor may that person, for compensation or hire, act as pilot in command of an
aircraft.

      (b) A private pilot may, for compensation or hire, act as pilot in command of an aircraft in
connection with any business or employment if:

      (1) The flight is only incidental to that business or employment; and
      (2) The aircraft does not carry passengers or property for compensation or hire.
      (c) A private pilot may not pay less than the pro rata share of the operating expenses of a flight
with passengers, provided the expenses involve only fuel, oil, airport expenditures, or rental fees.
      (d) A private pilot may act as pilot in command of a charitable, nonprofit, or community event
flight described in §91.146, if the sponsor and pilot comply with the requirements of §91.146.
      (e) A private pilot may be reimbursed for aircraft operating expenses that are directly related to
search and location operations, provided the expenses involve only fuel, oil, airport expenditures, or
rental fees, and the operation is sanctioned and under the direction and control of:
      (1) A local, State, or Federal agency; or
      (2) An organization that conducts search and location operations.
      (f) A private pilot who is an aircraft salesman and who has at least 200 hours of logged flight time
may demonstrate an aircraft in flight to a prospective buyer.
      (g) A private pilot who meets the requirements of §61.69 may act as a pilot in command of an
aircraft towing a glider or unpowered ultralight vehicle.
      (h) A private pilot may act as pilot in command for the purpose of conducting a production flight
test in a light-sport aircraft intended for certification in the light-sport category under §21.190 of this
chapter, provided that--
      (1) The aircraft is a powered parachute or a weight-shift-control aircraft;
      (2) The person has at least 100 hours of pilot-in-command time in the category and class of aircraft
flown; and
      (3) The person is familiar with the processes and procedures applicable to the conduct of
production flight testing, to include operations conducted under a special flight permit and any
associated operating limitations.

Sections 61.113 (a) & (b) limit private pilots to non-commercial operations. Because the sUAS will not
carry a pilot or passengers, the proposed operations can achieve the equivalent level of safety of current
operations by requiring the Pilot operating the aircraft to have completed a sUAS flight training course
of 100 hours before flying a sUAS. Unlike a conventional aircraft that carries the pilot and passengers,
the sUAS is remotely controlled with no living thing or cargo on board. R.C. AZTEC ENTERPRISES's sUAS is
also operated by an autopilot, which greatly reduces the danger of human error.

14 C.F.R. §91.7(a): Civil aircraft airworthiness.

      (a) No person may operate a civil aircraft unless it is in an airworthy condition.
      (b) The pilot in command of a civil aircraft is responsible for determining whether that aircraft is in
condition for safe flight. The pilot in command shall discontinue the flight when un-airworthy
mechanical, electrical, or structural conditions occur.

The regulation requires that no person may operate a civil aircraft unless it is in airworthy condition. As
there will be no airworthiness certificate issued for the aircraft, should this exemption be granted, no
FAA regulatory standard will exist for determining airworthiness. Given the size of the aircraft and the
requirements contained in the Manual for maintenance and use of safety check lists prior to each flight,
as set forth in Sections J, L and Q, an equivalent level of safety will be provided.

14 C.F.R. § 91.9 (b) (2): Civil Aircraft Flight Manual in the Aircraft.

      (a) Except as provided in paragraph (d) of this section, no person may operate a civil aircraft
without complying with the operating limitations specified in the approved Airplane or Rotorcraft Flight
Manual, markings, and placards, or as otherwise prescribed by the certificating authority of the country
of registry.
      (b) No person may operate a U.S.-registered civil aircraft--

      (1) For which an Airplane or Rotorcraft Flight Manual is required by §21.5 of this chapter unless
there is available in the aircraft a current, approved Airplane or Rotorcraft Flight Manual or the manual
provided for in §121.141(b); and

      (2) For which an Airplane or Rotorcraft Flight Manual is not required by §21.5 of this chapter,
unless there is available in the aircraft a current approved Airplane or Rotorcraft Flight Manual,
approved manual material, markings, and placards, or any combination thereof.

      (c) No person may operate a U.S.-registered civil aircraft unless that aircraft is identified in
accordance with part 45 of this chapter.

      (d) Any person taking off or landing a helicopter certificated under part 29 of this chapter at a
heliport constructed over water may make such momentary flight as is necessary for takeoff or landing
through the prohibited range of the limiting height-speed envelope established for the helicopter if that
flight through the prohibited range takes place over water on which a safe ditching can be accomplished
and if the helicopter is amphibious or is equipped with floats or other emergency flotation gear
adequate to accomplish a safe emergency ditching on open water.

Section 91.9 (b) (2) provides: No person may operate a U.S.-registered civil aircraft -(2) For which an
Airplane or Rotorcraft Flight Manual is not required by §21.5 of this chapter, unless there is available in
the aircraft a current approved airplane or Rotorcraft Flight Manual, approved manual material,
markings, and placards, or any combination thereof. The sUAS, given its size and configuration has no
ability or place to carry such a flight manual on the aircraft, not only because there is no pilot on board,
but because there is no room or capacity to carry such an item on the aircraft.

The equivalent level of safety will be maintained by keeping the flight manual at the ground control
point where the pilot flying the sUAS will have immediate access to it. The FAA has issued the following
exemptions to this regulation: Exemption Nos. 8607, 8737, 8738, 9299, 9299A, 9565, 9565B, 10167,
10167A, 10602, 32827, and 10700.

14 C.F.R. § 91.103: Preflight action

      Each pilot in command shall, before beginning a flight, become familiar with all available
information concerning that flight. This information must include--

      (a) For a flight under IFR or a flight not in the vicinity of an airport, weather reports and forecasts,
fuel requirements, alternatives available if the planned flight cannot be completed, and any known
traffic delays of which the pilot in command has been advised by ATC;

      (b) For any flight, runway lengths at airports of intended use, and the following takeoff and landing
distance information:

      (1) For civil aircraft for which an approved Airplane or Rotorcraft Flight Manual containing takeoff
and landing distance data is required, the takeoff and landing distance data contained therein; and

      (2) For civil aircraft other than those specified in paragraph (b)(1) of this section, other reliable
information appropriate to the aircraft, relating to aircraft performance under expected values of
airport elevation and runway slope, aircraft gross weight, and wind and temperature.
This regulation requires each pilot in command to take certain actions before flight to insure the safety
of flight. As FAA approved rotorcraft flight manuals will not be provided for the aircraft an exemption
will be needed. The PIC will take all actions including reviewing weather, flight battery requirements,
landing and takeoff distances and aircraft performance data before initiation of flight.

14 C.F.R. §91.109: Flight instruction:

      (a) No person may operate a civil aircraft (except a manned free balloon) that is being used for
flight instruction unless that aircraft has fully functioning dual controls. However, instrument flight
instruction may be given in an airplane that is equipped with a single, functioning throwover control
wheel that controls the elevator and ailerons, in place of fixed, dual controls, when--

      (1) The instructor has determined that the flight can be conducted safely; and
      (2) The person manipulating the controls has at least a private pilot certificate with appropriate
category and class ratings.
      (b) An airplane equipped with a single, functioning throwover control wheel that controls the
elevator and ailerons, in place of fixed, dual controls may be used for flight instruction to conduct a
flight review required by §61.56 of this chapter, or to obtain recent flight experience or an instrument
proficiency check required by §61.57 when--
      (1) The airplane is equipped with operable rudder pedals at both pilot stations;
      (2) The pilot manipulating the controls is qualified to serve and serves as pilot in command during
the entire flight;
      (3) The instructor is current and qualified to serve as pilot in command of the airplane, meets the
requirements of §61.195(b), and has logged at least 25 hours of pilot-in-command flight time in the
make and model of airplane; and
      (4) The pilot in command and the instructor have determined the flight can be conducted safely.
      (c) No person may operate a civil aircraft in simulated instrument flight unless--
      (1) The other control seat is occupied by a safety pilot who possesses at least a private pilot
certificate with category and class ratings appropriate to the aircraft being flown.
      (2) The safety pilot has adequate vision forward and to each side of the aircraft, or a competent
observer in the aircraft adequately supplements the vision of the safety pilot; and
      (3) Except in the case of lighter-than-air aircraft, that aircraft is equipped with fully functioning dual
controls. However, simulated instrument flight may be conducted in a single-engine airplane, equipped
with a single, functioning, throwover control wheel, in place of fixed, dual controls of the elevator and
ailerons, when--
      (i) The safety pilot has determined that the flight can be conducted safely; and
      (ii) The person manipulating the controls has at least a private pilot certificate with appropriate
category and class ratings.
      (d) No person may operate a civil aircraft that is being used for a flight test for an airline transport
pilot certificate or a class or type rating on that certificate, or for a part 121 proficiency flight test, unless
the pilot seated at the controls, other than the pilot being checked, is fully qualified to act as pilot in
command of the aircraft.

Section 91.103 provides that no person may operate a civil aircraft (except a manned free balloon) that
is being used for flight instruction unless that aircraft has fully functioning dual controls.

sUASs and remotely piloted aircraft, by their design do not have fully functional dual controls. Flight
control is accomplished through the use of a control box that communicates with the aircraft via radio
communications. The FAA has approved exemptions for flight training without fully functional dual
controls for a number of aircraft and for flight instruction in experimental aircraft. See Exemption
Nos.5778K & 9862A. The equivalent level of safety provided by the fact that neither a pilot nor
passengers will be carried in the aircraft and by the size and speed of the aircraft.

14 C.F.R. §91.119: Minimum safe altitudes

      Except when necessary for takeoff or landing, no person may operate an aircraft below the
following altitudes:

      (a) Anywhere. An altitude allowing, if a power unit fails, an emergency landing without undue
hazard to persons or property on the surface.

      (b) Over congested areas. Over any congested area of a city, town, or settlement, or over any open
air assembly of persons, an altitude of 1,000 feet above the highest obstacle within a horizontal radius
of 2,000 feet of the aircraft.

      (c) Over other than congested areas. An altitude of 500 feet above the surface, except over open
water or sparsely populated areas. In those cases, the aircraft may not be operated closer than 500 feet
to any person, vessel, vehicle, or structure.

      (d) Helicopters, powered parachutes, and weight-shift-control aircraft. If the operation is
conducted without hazard to persons or property on the surface--

      (1) A helicopter may be operated at less than the minimums prescribed in paragraph (b) or (c) of
this section, provided each person operating the helicopter complies with any routes or altitudes
specifically prescribed for helicopters by the FAA; and

      (2) A powered parachute or weight-shift-control aircraft may be operated at less than the
minimums prescribed in paragraph (c) of this section.

Section 91.119 establishes safe altitudes for operation of civil aircraft. Section 91.119 (d) allows
helicopters to be operated at less than the minimums prescribed, provided the person operating the
helicopter complies with any route or altitudes prescribed for helicopters by the FAA. As this exemption
is for a sUAS that is a helicopter and the exemption requests authority to operate at altitudes up to 400
AGL, or not more than 200 above an elevated platform from which filming is planned, an exemption
may be needed to allow such operations. As set forth herein, the UAS will never operate at higher than
400 AGL. Compared to flight operations with aircraft or rotorcraft weighting far more than the
maximum 55lbs. proposed herein and the lack of flammable fuel, any risk associated with these
operations is far less than those presently presented with conventional aircraft operating at or below
500 AGL other industries. In addition, the low-altitude operations of the sUAS will ensure separation
between these small-UAS operations and the operations of conventional aircraft that must comply with
Section 91.119.

14 C.F.R. §91.121: Altimeter Settings

      (a) Each person operating an aircraft shall maintain the cruising altitude or flight level of that
aircraft, as the case may be, by reference to an altimeter that is set, when operating--

(1) Below 18,000 feet MSL, to--

      (i) The current reported altimeter setting of a station along the route and within 100 nautical miles
of the aircraft;

      (ii) If there is no station within the area prescribed in paragraph (a)(1)(i) of this section, the current
reported altimeter setting of an appropriate available station; or

      (iii) In the case of an aircraft not equipped with a radio, the elevation of the departure airport or an
appropriate altimeter setting available before departure; or

(2) At or above 18,000 feet MSL, to 29.92 Hg.

      (b) The lowest usable flight level is determined by the atmospheric pressure in the area of
operation as shown in the following table:

Current altimeter setting                       Lowest usable flight level

29.92 (or higher)                                                                                         180

29.91 through 29.42                                                                                       185

29.41 through 28.92                                                                                       190

28.91 through 28.42                                                                                       195

28.41 through 27.92                                                                                       200

27.91 through 27.42                                                                                       205

27.41 through 26.92                                                                                       210

      (c) To convert minimum altitude prescribed under §§91.119 and 91.177 to the minimum flight
level, the pilot shall take the flight level equivalent of the minimum altitude in feet and add the
appropriate number of feet specified below, according to the current reported altimeter setting:

                     Current altimeter setting  Adjustment factor
29.92 (or higher)
29.91 through 29.42                                                                                       None
29.41 through 28.92                                                                                         500
28.91 through 28.42
                                                                                                          1,000
                                                                                                          1,500
28.41 through 27.92  2,000
27.91 through 27.42  2,500
27.41 through 26.92  3,000

This regulation requires each person operating an aircraft to maintain cruising altitude by reference to
an altimeter that is set "...to the elevation of the departure airport or an appropriate altimeter setting
available before departure." As the sUAS may not have a barometric altimeter, but instead a GPS
altitude read out, an exemption may be needed. An equivalent level of safety will be achieved by the
operator, pursuant to the Manual and Safety Check list, confirming the altitude of the launch site shown
on the GPS altitude indicator before flight.

14 C.F.R. § 91.151(a): Fuel Requirements for Flight in VFR Conditions

      (a) No person may begin a flight in an airplane under VFR conditions unless (considering wind and
forecast weather conditions) there is enough fuel to fly to the first point of intended landing and,
assuming normal cruising speed--

      (1) During the day, to fly after that for at least 30 minutes; or

      (2) At night, to fly after that for at least 45 minutes.

      (b) No person may begin a flight in a rotorcraft under VFR conditions unless (considering wind and
forecast weather conditions) there is enough fuel to fly to the first point of intended landing and,
assuming normal cruising speed, to fly after that for at least 20 minutes.

Section 91.151 (a) prohibits an individual from beginning "a flight in an airplane under VFR conditions
unless (considering wind and forecast weather conditions) there is enough fuel to fly to the first point of
intended landing, and, assuming normal cruising speed ­ (1) During the day, to fly after that for at least
30 minutes; or (2) At night, to fly after that for at least 45 minutes."

The battery powering the sUAS provides approximately 40 minutes of powered flight. To meet the 30-
minute reserve requirement in 14 CFR §91.151, sUAS flights would be limited to approximately 10
minutes in length. Given the limitations on the UAS's proposed flight area and the location of its
proposed operations within a predetermined area, a longer time frame for flight in daylight or night VFR
conditions is reasonable. Applicant believes that an exemption from 14 CFR §91.151(a) falls within the
scope of prior exemptions. See Exemption 10673 (allowing Lockheed Martin Corporation to operate
without compliance with FAR 91.151 (a)). Operating the small UAS, in a tightly controlled area where
only people and property owners or official representatives who have signed waivers will be allowed,
with less than 30 minutes of reserve fuel, does not engender the type of risks that Section 91.151(a) was
intended to alleviate given the size and speed of the small UAS. Additionally, limiting sUAS flights to 10
minutes would greatly reduce the utility for which the exemption will be granted. Applicant believes
that an equivalent level of safety can be achieved by limiting flights to 30 minutes or 25% of battery
power whichever happens first. This restriction would be more than adequate to return the sUAS to its
planned landing zone from anywhere in its limited operating area. Similar exemptions have been
granted to other operations, including Exemptions 2689F, 5745, 10673, and 10808.

14 C.F.R. §91.203 (a) (1) & (b): Civil aircraft: Certifications required
      (a) Except as provided in §91.715, no person may operate a civil aircraft unless it has within it the

following:

      (1) An appropriate and current airworthiness certificate. Each U.S. airworthiness certificate used to
comply with this subparagraph (except a special flight permit, a copy of the applicable operations
specifications issued under §21.197(c) of this chapter, appropriate sections of the air carrier manual
required by parts 121 and 135 of this chapter containing that portion of the operations specifications
issued under §21.197(c), or an authorization under §91.611) must have on it the registration number
assigned to the aircraft under part 47 of this chapter. However, the airworthiness certificate need not
have on it an assigned special identification number before 10 days after that number is first affixed to
the aircraft. A revised airworthiness certificate having on it an assigned special identification number,
that has been affixed to an aircraft, may only be obtained upon application to an FAA Flight Standards
district office.

      (2) An effective U.S. registration certificate issued to its owner or, for operation within the United
States, the second copy of the Aircraft registration Application as provided for in §47.31(c), or a
registration certification issued under the laws of a foreign country.

      (b) No person may operate a civil aircraft unless the airworthiness certificate required by
paragraph (a) of this section or a special flight authorization issued under §91.715 is displayed at the
cabin or cockpit entrance so that it is legible to passengers or crew.

      (c) No person may operate an aircraft with a fuel tank installed within the passenger compartment
or a baggage compartment unless the installation was accomplished pursuant to part 43 of this chapter,
and a copy of FAA Form 337 authorizing that installation is on board the aircraft.

      (d) No person may operate a civil airplane (domestic or foreign) into or out of an airport in the
United States unless it complies with the fuel venting and exhaust emissions requirements of part 34 of
this chapter.

The UAS fully loaded weighs no more than 55 lbs. and is operated without an onboard pilot. As such,
there is no ability or place to carry certification and registration documents or to display them on the
sUAS.

An equivalent level of safety will be achieved by keeping these documents at the ground control point
where the pilot flying the sUAS will have immediate access to them, to the extent they are applicable to
the sUAS. The FAA has issued numerous exemptions to this regulation. A representative sample of other
exceptions includes Exemption Nos. 9565, 9665, 9789, 9789A, 9797, 9797A, 9816A, and 10700.
14 C.F.R. §91.405 (a); 407 (a) (1); 409 (a) (2); 417(a) & (b): Maintenance Inspections

§91.405 Maintenance required.
      Each owner or operator of an aircraft--
      (a) Shall have that aircraft inspected as prescribed in subpart E of this part and shall between

required inspections, except as provided in paragraph (c) of this section, have discrepancies repaired as
prescribed in part 43 of this chapter;

      (b) Shall ensure that maintenance personnel make appropriate entries in the aircraft maintenance
records indicating the aircraft has been approved for return to service;

      (c) Shall have any inoperative instrument or item of equipment, permitted to be inoperative by
§91.213(d)(2) of this part, repaired, replaced, removed, or inspected at the next required inspection;
and

      (d) When listed discrepancies include inoperative instruments or equipment, shall ensure that a
placard has been installed as required by §43.11 of this chapter.

§91.407 Operation after maintenance, preventive maintenance, rebuilding, or alteration.
      (a) No person may operate any aircraft that has undergone maintenance, preventive maintenance,

rebuilding, or alteration unless--
      (1) It has been approved for return to service by a person authorized under §43.7 of this chapter;

and
      (2) The maintenance record entry required by §43.9 or §43.11, as applicable, of this chapter has

been made.
      (b) No person may carry any person (other than crewmembers) in an aircraft that has been

maintained, rebuilt, or altered in a manner that may have appreciably changed its flight characteristics
or substantially affected its operation in flight until an appropriately rated pilot with at least a private
pilot certificate flies the aircraft, makes an operational check of the maintenance performed or
alteration made, and logs the flight in the aircraft records.

      (c) The aircraft does not have to be flown as required by paragraph (b) of this section if, prior to
flight, ground tests, inspection, or both show conclusively that the maintenance, preventive
maintenance, rebuilding, or alteration has not appreciably changed the flight characteristics or
substantially affected the flight operation of the aircraft.

(Approved by the Office of Management and Budget under control number 2120-0005)

§91.409 Inspections.
      (a) Except as provided in paragraph (c) of this section, no person may operate an aircraft unless,

within the preceding 12 calendar months, it has had--
      (1) An annual inspection in accordance with part 43 of this chapter and has been approved for
return to service by a person authorized by §43.7 of this chapter; or

      (2) An inspection for the issuance of an airworthiness certificate in accordance with part 21 of this
chapter.

No inspection performed under paragraph (b) of this section may be substituted for any inspection
required by this paragraph unless it is performed by a person authorized to perform annual inspections
and is entered as an "annual" inspection in the required maintenance records.

      (b) Except as provided in paragraph (c) of this section, no person may operate an aircraft carrying
any person (other than a crewmember) for hire, and no person may give flight instruction for hire in an
aircraft which that person provides, unless within the preceding 100 hours of time in service the aircraft
has received an annual or 100-hour inspection and been approved for return to service in accordance
with part 43 of this chapter or has received an inspection for the issuance of an airworthiness certificate
in accordance with part 21 of this chapter. The 100-hour limitation may be exceeded by not more than
10 hours while en route to reach a place where the inspection can be done. The excess time used to
reach a place where the inspection can be done must be included in computing the next 100 hours of
time in service.

      (c) Paragraphs (a) and (b) of this section do not apply to--
      (1) An aircraft that carries a special flight permit, a current experimental certificate, or a light-sport
or provisional airworthiness certificate;
      (2) An aircraft inspected in accordance with an approved aircraft inspection program under part
125 or 135 of this chapter and so identified by the registration number in the operations specifications
of the certificate holder having the approved inspection program;
      (3) An aircraft subject to the requirements of paragraph (d) or (e) of this section; or
      (4) Turbine-powered rotorcraft when the operator elects to inspect that rotorcraft in accordance
with paragraph (e) of this section.
      (d) Progressive inspection. Each registered owner or operator of an aircraft desiring to use a
progressive inspection program must submit a written request to the FAA Flight Standards district office
having jurisdiction over the area in which the applicant is located, and shall provide--
      (1) A certificated mechanic holding an inspection authorization, a certificated airframe repair
station, or the manufacturer of the aircraft to supervise or conduct the progressive inspection;
      (2) A current inspection procedures manual available and readily understandable to pilot and
maintenance personnel containing, in detail--
      (i) An explanation of the progressive inspection, including the continuity of inspection
responsibility, the making of reports, and the keeping of records and technical reference material;
      (ii) An inspection schedule, specifying the intervals in hours or days when routine and detailed
inspections will be performed and including instructions for exceeding an inspection interval by not
more than 10 hours while en route and for changing an inspection interval because of service
experience;
      (iii) Sample routine and detailed inspection forms and instructions for their use; and
      (iv) Sample reports and records and instructions for their use;
      (3) Enough housing and equipment for necessary disassembly and proper inspection of the aircraft;
and
      (4) Appropriate current technical information for the aircraft.

The frequency and detail of the progressive inspection shall provide for the complete inspection of the
aircraft within each 12 calendar months and be consistent with the manufacturer's recommendations,
field service experience, and the kind of operation in which the aircraft is engaged. The progressive
inspection schedule must ensure that the aircraft, at all times, will be airworthy and will conform to all
applicable FAA aircraft specifications, type certificate data sheets, airworthiness directives, and other
approved data. If the progressive inspection is discontinued, the owner or operator shall immediately
notify the local FAA Flight Standards district office, in writing, of the discontinuance. After the
discontinuance, the first annual inspection under §91.409(a)(1) is due within 12 calendar months after
the last complete inspection of the aircraft under the progressive inspection. The 100-hour inspection
under §91.409(b) is due within 100 hours after that complete inspection. A complete inspection of the
aircraft, for the purpose of determining when the annual and 100-hour inspections are due, requires a
detailed inspection of the aircraft and all its components in accordance with the progressive inspection.
A routine inspection of the aircraft and a detailed inspection of several components is not considered to
be a complete inspection.

      (e) Large airplanes (to which part 125 is not applicable), turbojet multiengine airplanes,
turbopropeller-powered multiengine airplanes, and turbine-powered rotorcraft. No person may operate
a large airplane, turbojet multiengine airplane, turbopropeller-powered multiengine airplane, or
turbine-powered rotorcraft unless the replacement times for life-limited parts specified in the aircraft
specifications, type data sheets, or other documents approved by the Administrator are complied with
and the airplane or turbine-powered rotorcraft, including the airframe, engines, propellers, rotors,
appliances, survival equipment, and emergency equipment, is inspected in accordance with an
inspection program selected under the provisions of paragraph (f) of this section, except that, the owner
or operator of a turbine-powered rotorcraft may elect to use the inspection provisions of §91.409(a),
(b), (c), or (d) in lieu of an inspection option of §91.409(f).

      (f) Selection of inspection program under paragraph (e) of this section. The registered owner or
operator of each airplane or turbine-powered rotorcraft described in paragraph (e) of this section must
select, identify in the aircraft maintenance records, and use one of the following programs for the
inspection of the aircraft:

      (1) A continuous airworthiness inspection program that is part of a continuous airworthiness
maintenance program currently in use by a person holding an air carrier operating certificate or an
operating certificate issued under part 121 or 135 of this chapter and operating that make and model
aircraft under part 121 of this chapter or operating that make and model under part 135 of this chapter
and maintaining it under §135.411(a)(2) of this chapter.

      (2) An approved aircraft inspection program approved under §135.419 of this chapter and
currently in use by a person holding an operating certificate issued under part 135 of this chapter.

      (3) A current inspection program recommended by the manufacturer.
      (4) Any other inspection program established by the registered owner or operator of that airplane
or turbine-powered rotorcraft and approved by the Administrator under paragraph (g) of this section.
However, the Administrator may require revision of this inspection program in accordance with the
provisions of §91.415.

Each operator shall include in the selected program the name and address of the person responsible for
scheduling the inspections required by the program and make a copy of that program available to the
person performing inspections on the aircraft and, upon request, to the Administrator.

      (g) Inspection program approved under paragraph (e) of this section. Each operator of an airplane
or turbine-powered rotorcraft desiring to establish or change an approved inspection program under
paragraph (f)(4) of this section must submit the program for approval to the local FAA Flight Standards
district office having jurisdiction over the area in which the aircraft is based. The program must be in
writing and include at least the following information:

      (1) Instructions and procedures for the conduct of inspections for the particular make and model
airplane or turbine-powered rotorcraft, including necessary tests and checks. The instructions and
procedures must set forth in detail the parts and areas of the airframe, engines, propellers, rotors, and
appliances, including survival and emergency equipment required to be inspected.

      (2) A schedule for performing the inspections that must be performed under the program
expressed in terms of the time in service, calendar time, number of system operations, or any
combination of these.

      (h) Changes from one inspection program to another. When an operator changes from one
inspection program under paragraph (f) of this section to another, the time in service, calendar times, or
cycles of operation accumulated under the previous program must be applied in determining inspection
due times under the new program.

§91.417 Maintenance records.
      (a) Except for work performed in accordance with §§91.411 and 91.413, each registered owner or

operator shall keep the following records for the periods specified in paragraph (b) of this section:
      (1) Records of the maintenance, preventive maintenance, and alteration and records of the 100-

hour, annual, progressive, and other required or approved inspections, as appropriate, for each aircraft
(including the airframe) and each engine, propeller, rotor, and appliance of an aircraft. The records must
include--

      (i) A description (or reference to data acceptable to the Administrator) of the work performed; and
      (ii) The date of completion of the work performed; and
      (iii) The signature, and certificate number of the person approving the aircraft for return to service.
      (2) Records containing the following information:
      (i) The total time in service of the airframe, each engine, each propeller, and each rotor.
      (ii) The current status of life-limited parts of each airframe, engine, propeller, rotor, and appliance.
      (iii) The time since last overhaul of all items installed on the aircraft which are required to be
overhauled on a specified time basis.
      (iv) The current inspection status of the aircraft, including the time since the last inspection
required by the inspection program under which the aircraft and its appliances are maintained.

      (v) The current status of applicable airworthiness directives (AD) and safety directives including, for
each, the method of compliance, the AD or safety directive number and revision date. If the AD or safety
directive involves recurring action, the time and date when the next action is required.

      (vi) Copies of the forms prescribed by §43.9(d) of this chapter for each major alteration to the
airframe and currently installed engines, rotors, propellers, and appliances.

      (b) The owner or operator shall retain the following records for the periods prescribed:

      (1) The records specified in paragraph (a)(1) of this section shall be retained until the work is
repeated or superseded by other work or for 1 year after the work is performed.

      (2) The records specified in paragraph (a)(2) of this section shall be retained and transferred with
the aircraft at the time the aircraft is sold.

      (3) A list of defects furnished to a registered owner or operator under §43.11 of this chapter shall
be retained until the defects are repaired and the aircraft is approved for return to service.

      (c) The owner or operator shall make all maintenance records required to be kept by this section
available for inspection by the Administrator or any authorized representative of the National
Transportation Safety Board (NTSB). In addition, the owner or operator shall present Form 337
described in paragraph (d) of this section for inspection upon request of any law enforcement officer.

      (d) When a fuel tank is installed within the passenger compartment or a baggage compartment
pursuant to part 43 of this chapter, a copy of FAA Form 337 shall be kept on board the modified aircraft
by the owner or operator.

These regulations require that an aircraft operator or owner "shall have that aircraft inspected as
prescribed in subpart E of this part and shall between required inspections, except as provided in
paragraph (c) of this section, have discrepancies repaired as prescribed in part 43 of this chapter...," and
others shall inspect or maintain the aircraft in compliance with Part 43.

Given that these section and Part 43 apply only to aircraft with an airworthiness certificate, these
sections will not apply to the applicant. The operator pursuant to the flight manual and operating
handbook will accomplish maintenance. An equivalent level of safety will be achieved because these
small UASs are very limited in size and will carry a small payload and operate only in restricted areas for
limited periods of time. If mechanical issues arise the UAS can land immediately and will be operating
from no higher than 400 feet AGL. As provided in the Manual, the operator will ensure that the UAS is in
working order prior to initiating flight, perform required maintenance, and keep a log of any
maintenance performed. Moreover, the operator is the person most familiar with the aircraft and best
suited to maintain the aircraft in an airworthy condition to provide the equivalent level of safety.
*********
Pursuant to 14 C.F.R. Part 11, the following summary is provided for publication in the Federal Register,
should it be determined that publication is needed: Applicant seeks an exemption from the following
rules:
14 C.F.R. §21, subpart H; 14 C.F.R 45.23(b);14 C.F.R. §§ 61.113( a) & (b);91.7 (a); 91.9 (b)
(2);91.103(b);91.109; 91.119; 91.121; 91.151(a);91.203(a) and (b); 91.405 (a);91.407 (a) (1); 91.409 (a)
(2); 91.409 (a) (2) and 91.417 (a) & (b) to operate commercially a small unmanned vehicle (55lbs or less).

Approval of exemptions allowing commercial operations of sUASs, will enhance safety by reducing risk.
Conventional operations, using jet or piston power aircraft, operate at extremely low altitudes just feet
from the subjects being filmed and in extreme proximity to people and structures and present the risks
associated with vehicles that weigh in the neighborhood of 4,000lbs, carrying large amounts of jet A or
other fuel. Such aircraft must fly to and from the operational location. In contrast, a sUAS weighing
fewer than 55 lbs. and powered by batteries eliminates virtually all of that risk given the reduced mass
and lack of combustible fuel carried on board. The sUAS is carried to the operation site and not flown.
The sUAS will carry no passengers or crew and, therefore, will not expose them to the risks associated
with manned aircraft flights.

The operation of small UASs, weighting less than 55 lbs., conducted in the strict conditions outlined
above, will provide an equivalent level of safety supporting the grant of the exemptions requested
herein, including exempting the applicant from the requirements of Part 21 and allowing commercial
operations. These lightweight aircraft operate at slow speeds, close to the ground, and in a sterile
environment and, as a result, are far safer than conventional operations conducted with turbine
helicopters operating in close proximity to the ground and people.

Privacy
All flights will occur over private or controlled access property with the property owner's prior consent
and knowledge. Filming will be of people who have also consented to being filmed or otherwise have
agreed to be in the area where filming will take place. The grant of this exemption request will provide
improved safety in both day and night operations. Satisfaction of the criteria provided in Section 333 of
the Reform Act of 2012-size, weight, speed, operating capabilities, proximity to airports and populated
areas and operation within visual line of sight and national security ­ provide more than adequate
justification for the grant of the requested exemptions allowing commercial operation of applicant's
UAS.

Satisfaction of the criteria provided in Section 333 of the Reform Act of 2012--size, weight, speed,
operating capabilities, proximity to airports and populated areas and operation within visual line of sight
and national security ­ provide more than adequate justification for the grant of the requested
exemptions allowing commercial operation of applicant's sUAS in our clients' specified industries.

Sincerely,

Rafael Camacho
President/CEO
R.C. AZTEC ENTERPRISES, Inc.
