September 17, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12887
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA-2015-2708

Ms. Rebecca Frost
On Top of It
2 Elliott Farm Road
Tewksbury Township, NJ 07830

Dear Ms. Frost:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letters posted to the public docket on July 2 and August 27, 2015, you petitioned the
Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) for an exemption. You requested to operate an
unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct aerial photography.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a DJI Phantom 3 Professional.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
                                                                                                                 2

meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Ms. Rebecca Frost is granted an exemption from
14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c),
91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to
the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Ms. Rebecca Frost is hereafter referred to as the operator.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                                                 3

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom 3
         Professional when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed
         operations of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this
         exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
         must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
         documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
         Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
         limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
         the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
         Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
         documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
                                                                                                            4

    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
                                                                                                            5

    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.
                                                                                                               6

   23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
       any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
       PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
       These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
       official upon request.

   24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
       activities at all times.

   25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

   26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
       persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
          a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
             from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
             that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
             where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
             the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
             of nonparticipating persons; and
          b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
             for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
             the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
             present an undue hazard.

       The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
       nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

   27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
       permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
       Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
       obtained for each flight to be conducted.

   28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
       boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
       to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
       reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
       contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

   29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
       as documented in this grant of exemption.
                                                                                                                 7

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                                                 8
This exemption terminates on September 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.
Sincerely,
/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
7/6/2015                                                      Regulations.gov  Other Document

          Rebecca Frost - Exemption/Rulemaking

This Other document was issued by the Federal Aviation                                             Comment Now!
Administration (FAA)
                                                                                               ID:  FAA201527080001
For related information, Open Docket Folder  

Content                                                                                         Document Information

I am petitioning for an exemption to Section 333 in order to begin                             Date Posted:
a business to take aerial photographs and videos of homes in my                                Jul 2, 2015
rural area of New Jersey to assist the real estate agent.
                                                                                               Show More Details  

                                                                                                Submitter Information

                                                                                               Submitter Name:
                                                                                               Rebecca Frost
                                                                                               Mailing Address:
                                                                                               2 Elliott Farm Road
                                                                                               City:
                                                                                               Califon
                                                                                               Country:
                                                                                               United States
                                                                                               State or Province:
                                                                                               NJ
                                                                                               ZIP/Postal Code:
                                                                                               07830

                                                                                               Comments

                                                                                     0

                                                                      Comments Received *

                                                                                                   Docket Information

                                                                                               This document is contained in

                                                                                               FAA20152708

                                                                                               Related Dockets:
                                                                                               None

                                                                                               Related RINs:

http://www.regulations.gov/#!documentDetailD=FAA201527080001                                                                  1/2
7/6/2015                                                      Regulations.gov  Other Document

                                                                                                      None

                                                                                                      Related Documents:
                                                                                                      None

                                                                                             * This count refers to the total

                                                                                                       comment/submissions received on
                                                                                                       this document, as of 11:59 PM
                                                                                                       yesterday. Note: Agencies review
                                                                                                       all submissions, however some
                                                                                                       agencies may choose to redact, or
                                                                                                       withhold, certain submissions (or
                                                                                                       portions thereof) such as those
                                                                                                       containing private or proprietary
                                                                                                       information, inappropriate
                                                                                                       language, or duplicate/near
                                                                                                       duplicate examples of a massmail
                                                                                                       campaign. This can result in
                                                                                                       discrepancies between this count
                                                                                                       and those displayed when
                                                                                                       conducting searches on the Public
                                                                                                       Submission document type. For
                                                                                                       specific information about an
                                                                                                       agency's public submission policy,
                                                                                                       refer to its website or the Federal
                                                                                                       Register document.

http://www.regulations.gov/#!documentDetailD=FAA201527080001                                                                                2/2
August 1, 2015

Brenda Robeson Program Analyst, Airmen and Airspace Rules Division
U. S. Department of Transportation
Federal Aviation Administration
800 Independence Ave S.W
Washington, DC 20591

Re: Exemption Request Section 333 of the FAA Reform Act and Part 11 of the Federal Aviation
Regulations

Dear Ms. Robeson:

Thank you for your detailed letter dated July 27 carefully explaining why my petition for exemption
could not be processed. I hope that the details here adequately address your questions. In short, I
have a DJI Phantom 3 Pro and I want to take photo for local realtors in our rural community. This
application is for small Unmanned Aerial Systems (UAS).

Following is a summary of your questions and provided my responses.

The specific section or sections of 14 CFR from which you seek relief, the extent of the relief you
seek, and the reason you seek relief.

    SECTION 333 EXEMPTION REQUEST LIST

    Following is a summary of the exemption application to allow commercial operation of small
    aerial vehicles for aerial real estate photography. An exemption is requested from the
    following regulations:

    14 C.F.R. Part 21
    14 C.F.R. 45.23(b)
    14 C.F.R. 61.113(a) & (b)
    14 C.F.R. 61.133(a)
    14 C.F.R. 91.7(a)
    14 C.F.R. 91.9(b)(2) & (c)
    14 C.F.R. 91.103
    14 C.F.R. 91.119
    14 C.F.R. 91.121
    14 C.F.R. 91.151(a)
    14 C.F.R. 91.203(a) & (b)
    14 C.F.R. 91.405(a)
    14 C.F.R. 91.407(a)(1)
    14 C.F.R. 91.409(a)(2)
    14 C.F.R. 91.417(a).
    If you find any of the requested exemption not applicable to my small drone or the intended
    use an exemption to a partial list of the above would be greatly appreciated. Most important
    are the bold ones above: 14 CFR § 61.113(a) & (b) 61.133(a)

The reasons why granting the request would be in the public interest; that is, how it would
benefit the public as a whole.

    On Top Of It shares Congress's goal of getting small aerial vehicles (a.k.a., drones) flying
    commercially in the United States safely and soon. In the FAA Modernization and Reform Act
    of 2012, Congress directed the FAA "to safely accelerate the integration of civil unmanned
    aircraft systems into the national airspace system" and, under Section 333 of that law, gave the
    FAA power to grant innovators "expedited operational authorization" to do so. By this
    petition, Rebecca Frost, of On Top Of It is seeking its first such authorization, in order to safely
    advance commercial photography applications.

    Specifically, in my case, I plan to offer very inexpensive aerial photos of real estate properties
    to facilitate home sales and commercial real estate properties. Although Google-Earth shows
    aerial views of certain features, the photos are very old and are not at adequate resolution to
    see fine details of landscapes, unsafe structures, or shadowed views. This is also extremely
    important in residential real estate when considering home purchasers who are relocating and
    cannot visit the home they purchase directly.

    It is also in the public interest to facilitate commerce and entrepreneurialism.

The reasons why the exemption would not adversely affect safety or how the exemption would
provide a level of safety at least equal to that provided by the rule from which you seek an
exemption.

    A detailed discussion of each rule is provided in the appendix. However, in short, except for
    selling my photos, all request exemptions are consistent with those allowed for hobbyist use.
    We will stay fully compliant with all rules of hobbyists.

Any additional information, views, or arguments available to support your request

     Please see the appendix.

Please feel free to email me directly if you need further information.

Thank you for your consideration and prompt attention.

Respectfully submitted,

Rebecca Frost
908.268.7284 | r.frost107@gmail.com
On Top Of It
2 Elliott Farm Road
Tewksbury Township, NJ 07830
                                                       Appendix

                     EXEMPTION REQUESTS AND EQUIVALENT LEVEL OF SAFETY

The applicant requests an exemption from the following regulations as well as any additional
regulations that may technically apply to the operation of small aerial vehicles:

14 CFR Part 21, Subpart H: Airworthiness Certificates
14 CFR § 91.203(a)(1)
Section 91.203(a)(1) requires all civil aircraft to have a certificate of airworthiness. Part 21,
Subpart H, entitled Airworthiness Certificates, establishes the procedural requirements for the
issuance of airworthiness certificates as required by FAR § 91.203(a)(1). Given the size of the
aircraft (typically less than 5 lbs., and always less than 55 lbs.) and the limited operating area
associated with its utilization, it is unnecessary to go through the certificate of airworthiness
process under Part 21 Subpart H to achieve or exceed current safety levels.

Such an exemption meets the requirements of an equivalent level of safety under Part 11 and
Section 333 of the Reform Act. The Federal Aviation Act and Section 333 of the Reform Act
both authorize the FAA to exempt aircraft from the requirement for an airworthiness
certificate, upon consideration of the size, weight, speed, operational capability, and proximity
to airports and populated areas of the UAS involved.

In this case, an analysis of these criteria demonstrates that the UAS operated without an
airworthiness certificate, under the conditions proposed herein, will be at least as safe, or
safer, than a conventional aircraft (fixed wing or rotorcraft) with an airworthiness certificate.
The UAS weighs typically less than 5 lbs., and always less than 55 lbs. fully loaded. It will not
carry a pilot or passenger, will not carry flammable fuel, and will operate exclusively within an
area pre-disclosed and in compliance with conditions set forth herein. Operations under this
exemption will be tightly controlled and monitored by the operator, pursuant to the
conditions set forth above. Receipt of the permission of the land owner or authorized agent,
the size of the aircraft, the lack of flammable fuel, and the fact that the aircraft is carried to the
location and not flown there all establish the equivalent level of safety. The UAS provides at
least an equivalent, and most likely exceeds, level of safety to that of such operations being
conducted with conventional a i r cr a f t that would be orders-of-magnitude larger and would
be carrying passengers, cargo, and flammable fuel.

14 CFR. § 45.23 & 91.9(c): Marking of the Aircraft
Regulation 45.23 provides:
(a) Each operator of an aircraft must display on that aircraft marks consisting of the Roman
capital letter "N" (denoting United States registration) followed by the registration number of
the aircraft. Each suffix letter used in the marks displayed must also be a Roman capital
letter.
(b) When marks include only the Roman capital letter "N" and the registration number is
displayed on limited, restricted or light-sport category aircraft or experimental or provisionally
certificated aircraft, the operator must also display on that aircraft near each entrance to
the cabin, cockpit, or pilot station, in letters not less than 2 inches nor more than 6 inches high,
the words "limited," "restricted," "lightsport," "experimental," or "provisional," as applicable.

Regulation 91.9(c) provides:
No person may operate a U.S.-registered civil aircraft unless that aircraft is identified in
accordance with part 45 of this chapter.

The UAS has no entrance to the cabin, cockpit, or pilot station on which the markings can be
placed. Given the size of the UAS, two-inch lettering will be impossible. Official marking
systems for UAS have not yet been established for operations inside the NAS.

The FAA has issued the following exemptions to this regulation; see Exemption Nos. 8738,
10167, 10167A and 10700.

14 CFR § 61.113(a) & (b) 61.133(a): Private Pilot Privileges and Limitations Pilot in
Command Commercial Pilot Privileges and Limitations.
Section 61.113(a) & (b) limit private pilots to non-commercial operations. Unlike a
conventional aircraft that carries a pilot, passengers, and cargo, the UAS in this case is
remotely controlled with no passengers or property of others on board. Section 61.133(a)
requires an individual with a commercial pilot's license to be pilot in command of an aircraft
for compensation or hire. The applicant respectfully proposes that operator requirements
should take into account the characteristics of the particular UAS. Most UAS autopilot's
have a high degree of pre-programmed control and various built-in technical capabilities that
strictly limit the potential for operation outside of the operating conditions set forth in the
exemption application. Hands-on experience with the UAS are a far more effective guarantee
of flight safety than a commercial pilot certificate would be, until the FAA Pilot Certificate
requirements catch up to the UAS technology.

The UAS autopilots have an all-digital software platform with advanced features previously
restricted to full size unmanned aircraft. Automated features and advanced fly-safe controls
enable safe, reliable operation, as well as advanced networking capabilities and system
extensibility.

     The system can autonomously fly a programmed flight path or fly in manual mode
     Flight time and battery minutes are displayed at all times. The system will return

         home and land automatically if user-configurable limits are reached.

Flight safety is a priority, no matter the operating environment or project. UAS offer
superior safety over manned aircraft by removing the need for people to be onboard in
potentially dangerous situations. With multiple built-in safety features, UAS platforms lead
manned operations with respect to safety.

     The UAS automatically detects potential issues - with configurable automated response
         behavior such as a return-home-and-land routine

     The UAS self-calibrate all of their sensors and perform required failsafe pre-flight tests
         prior to takeoff to check for errors

     The UAS have the ability to set up visual no-fly zones or create a virtual fence so the UAS
         can't fly vertically beyond the pre-planned flight height
     The UAS have battery minutes and flight time displayed at all times. The system will
         return home and land automatically if user-configurable limits are reached

     The UAS auto detect a lost GPS, warns the pilot and initiates an immediate landing.
     Low battery on the UAS triggers a Non- Fatal Warning alarm to return home, land

         and replace the battery
     If UAS detect a lost-link to the Ground Station the vehicle will perform its pre-defined

         Non-Fatal Condition Response.

Given these safety features, the applicant proposes that operators of UAS with these
features should not be required to hold a commercial or private pilot certification.

The risks associated with the operation of the UAS (given its size, speed, operational
capabilities, and lack of combustible fuel) are so diminished from the level of risk
associated with private pilot operations or commercial operations contemplated by Part 61
with conventional aircraft (fixed wing or rotorcraft), that allowing operations of the UAS as set
forth above meets or exceeds the present level of safety provided under 14 C.F.R. § 61.113(a)
& (b) and does not rise to the level of requiring a commercial pilot to operate the aircraft
under § 61.133(a).

14 CFR § 91.7(a): Civil aircraft airworthiness.
This regulation requires that no person may operate a civil aircraft unless it is in airworthy
condition. Should the exemption be granted allowing commercial operation of UAS without an
airworthiness certificate, no standard will exist for airworthiness of the UAS. Given the size
of the UAS and the previous COAs issued for similar UAS, an equivalent level of safety will be
achieved by ensuring compliance with the given UAS manuals and use of safety checklists prior
to each flight.

14 CFR § 91.9(b)(2): Civil Aircraft Flight Manual in the Aircraft.
The regulation provides:
No person may operate a U.S.-registered civil aircraft ...

(2) For which an Airplane or Rotorcraft Flight Manual is not required by §21.5 of this chapter,
unless there is available in the aircraft a current approved airplane or Rotorcraft Flight Manual,
approved manual material, markings, and placards, or any combination thereof.

Given the size of UAS, they have no ability or place to carry such a flight manual on the
aircraft, not only because there is no pilot on board, but because there is no room or
capacity to carry such an item on the aircraft.

The equivalent level of safety will be achieved by keeping the flight manual at the ground
control point where the pilot flying the UAS will have immediate access to it. The FAA has
issued to others the following exemptions to this regulation: Exemption Nos. 8607, 8737, 8738,
9299, 9299A, 9565, 9565B, 10167, 10167A, 10602, 32827, and 10700.

14 CFR § 91.103: Preflight action
This regulation requires each pilot in command to take certain actions before flight to insure
the safety of flight. As FAA approved rotorcraft flight manuals will not be provided for the
aircraft an exemption will be needed. An equivalent level of safety will be provided by following a
preflight checklist. The applicant will take all actions including reviewing weather, flight
battery requirements, landing and takeoff distances and aircraft performance data before
initiation of flight.

14 CFR § 91.119: Minimum Safe Altitudes
Section 91.119 establishes safe altitudes for operation of civil aircraft. Specifically, 91.119(c)
limits aircraft flying over areas other than congested areas to an altitude of 500 feet
above the surface, except over open water or sparsely populated areas. In those cases, the
aircraft may not be operated closer than 500 feet to any person, vessel, vehicle, or structure.

Applicant will always fly below 400 feet.

The equivalent level of safety will be achieved given the size, weight, speed, and material
with which UAS are built. Compared to aerial survey operations conducted with aircraft or
rotorcraft weighing far more than 55 lbs. and carrying flammable fuel, any risk associated
with these operations will be far less than those currently allowed with conventional aircraft
operating at or below 500 feet AGL. Indeed, the low-altitude operations of the UAS will
maintain separation between these UAS operations and the operations of conventional aircraft
that must comply with Section 91.119.

14 CFR § 91.121: Altimeter Settings
Section 91.121 requires a person operating an aircraft to maintain cruising altitude or flight level
by reference to an altimeter that is set to the elevation of the departure airport or barometric
pressure. Some UAS have a barometric pressure sensor, while others only use GPS for elevation
or altitude. When a barometric pressure sensor is on the UAS, it is typically "zeroed" at the point
of take-off; this is right next to the pilot and not at a departure airport. The altitude reading will
be relative to that point (on the ground) and not a known elevation.

The equivalent level of safety will be achieved by the pilot confirming the elevation or altitude
of the launch site. The altitude of the UAS will also be displayed via telemetry on the Ground
Station and will be constantly monitored by the pilot during the entire flight operation.

14 CFR § 91.151(a): Fuel Requirements for Flight in VFR Conditions
This regulation prohibits an individual from beginning "a flight in an airplane under VFR
conditions unless (considering wind and forecast weather conditions) there is enough fuel to fly
to the first point of intended landing and, assuming normal cruising speed ­ (1) During the day,
to fly after that for at least 30 minutes or (2) At night, to fly after that for at least 45 minutes."

The different UAS batteries provide a variety of powered flight times. An exemption from § 14
CFR 91.151 is therefore required.

The applicant believes that an exemption from 14 CFR § 91.151(a) is safe and within the
scope of a prior exemption. See Exemption 10673 (allowing Lockheed Martin Corporation to
operate without compliance with 91.151(a)). Operating the UAS, without 30 minutes of reserve
fuel does not engender the type of risks that Section 91.151(a) was meant to prevent given
the size and speed at which the UAS operates. The fact that it carries no pilot, passenger,
or cargo also enhances its safety. In the unlikely event that the UAS should run out of fuel, it
would simply land. Given its weight and construction material, the risks are less than
contemplated by the current regulation.

The applicant believes that an equivalent level of safety can be achieved by maintaining 20% of
reserve fuel (or battery), which would be more than adequate to return the UAS to its planned
landing zone from anywhere in its operating area.

The FAA has granted similar exemptions to others, including Exemptions 2689F, 5745, 10673
and 10808.

14 CFR § 91.203 (a) & (b): Carrying Civil Aircraft Certification and Registration
This regulation provides as follows:

(a) ... no person may operate a civil aircraft unless it has ... an appropriate and current
airworthiness certificate.
(b) No person may operate a civil aircraft unless the airworthiness certificate required by
paragraph (a) of this section or a special flight authorization issued under §91.715 is displayed
at the cabin or cockpit entrance so that it is legible to passengers or crew.

The UAS fully loaded weigh typically less than 5 lbs., and always less than 55 lbs. As such, there
is no ability or place to carry certification and registration documents or to display them on the
UAS. In addition, there is no pilot on board the aircraft.

An equivalent level of safety will be achieved by keeping these documents at the ground
control point where the pilot flying the UAS will have immediate access to them. The FAA has
issued numerous exemptions to this regulation. A representative sample of other exceptions
includes Exemption Nos. 9565, 9665, 9789, 9789A, 9797, 9797A, 9816A, and 10700.

14 CFR § 91.405(a) 407(a)(1) 409(a)(2) 417(a): Maintenance Inspections
Section 91.405(a) requires that an aircraft operator or owner "shall have that aircraft inspected
as prescribed in subpart E of this part and shall between required inspections, except as
provided in paragraph (c) of this section, have discrepancies repaired as prescribed in part 43
of this chapter ..." Section 91.407 similarly makes reference to requirements in Part 43
Section 91.409(a)(2) requires an annual inspection for the issuance of an air worthiness
certificate. Section 91.417(a) requires the owner or operator to keep records showing certain
maintenance work that has been accomplished by certificated mechanics, under Part 43, or
licensed pilots and records of approval of the aircraft for return to service.

The UAS are nearly maintenance free, they perform automatic preflight checks and the failure
of any check will prevent take-off. Checks which cannot be done by the system will be
performed by a qualified person prior to each flight and at predefined intervals as part of a
maintenance schedule.

Preflight checklist includes:
1. Visual inspection of the airframe
2. Visual inspections of rotor integrity
3. Check charge of all batteries (aerial vehicle, command station, radio repeater station)

An equivalent level of safety will be achieved because the UAS is small in size, will carry no
external payload, will operate only in restricted predetermined areas and is not a complex
mechanical devise. The operator of a UAS will ensure that it is in working order prior to
initiating flight, perform required maintenance, and keep a log of any maintenance that is
performed. Moreover, the operator is the person most familiar with the aircraft and is best
suited to maintain the aircraft in an airworthy condition and to ensure an equivalent level of
safety.

If mechanical issues arise, the UAS can land immediately due to the pre-determined area of
operation. Moreover, the UAS's small size, carrying capacity, and the fact that flight operations will
only take place in restricted areas for limited periods of time, create less risk than the same factors
associated with conventional fixed-wing aircraft and rotorcraft performing the same operation.
