June 15, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 11825
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­0373

Mr. Christopher Vasquez
REDLine Aerospace, LLC
2807 Strathallan Avenue
Henderson, NV 89044

Dear Mr. Vasquez:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated February 11, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA)
on behalf of REDLine Aerospace, LLC (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption.
The exemption would allow the petitioner to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to
conduct aerial photography and videography.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner are the DJI T600 Inspire 1, SteadiDrone Mavrick, and
Freefly Cinestar X8.
                                                                                                                 2

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, REDLine Aerospace, LLC is granted an exemption
from 14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a),
91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a)
and (b), to the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data
collection. This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, REDLine Aerospace, LLC is hereafter referred to as the operator.
                                                                                                                 3

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI T600 Inspire 1,
         SteadiDrone Mavrick, and Freefly Cinestar X8 when weighing less than 55 pounds
         including payload. Proposed operations of any other aircraft will require a new
         petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
         must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
         documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
         Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
         limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
         the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
         Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
         documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
                                                                                                            4

    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
                                                                                                            5

    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.
                                                                                                               6

   23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
       any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
       PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
       These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
       official upon request.

   24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
       activities at all times.

   25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

   26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
       persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
          a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
             from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
             that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
             where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
             the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
             of nonparticipating persons; and
          b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
             for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
             the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
             present an undue hazard.

       The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
       nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

   27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
       permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
       Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
       obtained for each flight to be conducted.

   28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
       boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
       to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
       reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
       contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

   29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
       as documented in this grant of exemption.
                                                                                                                 7

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

    32. All operations shall be conducted in compliance with the Air Traffic Organizations
         (ATO) issued certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA) prior to conducting any
         operations under this grant of exemption. All operations conducted outside the U.S.
         12 nm limit, must be conducted within airspace managed by the U.S. and within the
         U.S. Flight Information Region (FIR) boundary.

    33.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                    8

This exemption terminates on June 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,
/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service
United States Department of Transportation             Wednesday, February 11, 2015
Docket Management System
1200 New Jersey Ave., SE
West Building Ground Floor Room W12-140
Washington, DC 20590

Re: Exemption Request Pursuant To Section 333 of the FAA Reform Act of 2012

Dear Sir Or Madam:

Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (the "Reform Act") and 14
C.F.R. Part 11, REDLine Aerospace, LLC seeks an exemption from Federal Aviation Regulations
("FARs") detailed below for the following described Unmanned Aerial System.
REDLines goal is to provide a professional unmanned solution for aerial cinema and commercial work.

1. Concept of Operation ­ REDLine Aerospace LLC (hereafter REDLine) will be conducting UAS
    operations in the following basic manner:
    1.1. REDLine is currently working with Direct Cinema Limited's documentary film on the
          diminishing Orca whale population. Participation with related scientific organizations could
          include: Scripps Institution of Oceanography UC San Diego. SeaWorld Parks San Diego and the
          Vancouver Aquarium. (Canada BC).
    1.2. A three-person team trained by REDLine under a proprietary Commercial Pilot & Safety
          Observer program will operate one or more of the following: Cinestar X8, Steadidrone Mavrik,
          and/or DJI T600 Inspire 1 unmanned aircraft. The airframe will initially utilize a lightweight
          Sony a7S camera as the mission payload, stock camera (such as the one included on the DJI
          T600), and/or professional-grade cinema cameras. The crew positions are:
         1.2.1. Pilot in Command (a qualified REDLine Pilot) in charge of all aircraft operations and
                maneuvers. The PIC will brief and retain all final mission and safety decision making
                responsibilities.
         1.2.2. Safety Observer (a qualified REDLine Pilot) will be on discrete frequency hand-held radios
                and/or within `speaking' distance of the PIC at all times. The Safety Observer will provide
                area of operations (AOO) situational awareness to include inclement weather and/or area
                traffic, as well advise of any potential flight conflicts. Positive (2-way) communication will
                be established prior to takeoff and maintained at all times an aircraft is airborne.
         1.2.3. Payload Specialist (a REDLine qualified technician or person designated as an ASC, DP or
                camera-operator on an insured project) will operate a mission-specific payload, which will
                initially include a cinema-grade digital film camera with professional lensing and 2 or 3-
                axis control. The payload specialist will be within speaking distance of the PIC at all times.
         1.2.4. This separation of specific duties allows the PIC and Safety Observer to focus on flight
                safety while operating under pre-briefed mission parameters with sound decision making to
                build maximum situational awareness. Crew Resource Management (CRM) is taught,
                briefed and debriefed. See REDLine CRM program letter.
    1.3. REDLine missions will be primarily over open water to observe marine life. Over-land
          missions will take place in areas designated as an operating area by signs, placards and/or
          electronic notices. Sea and land operations will be scheduled not less than 72 hours in advance,
          and:
         1.3.1. All REDLine missions with new or significantly altered or proprietary REDLine equipment
                will be first conducted over an open, privately owned land area prior to any commercial

                                            1! of !11
                operations in accordance with FAA Advisory Circular 91-57, Model Aircraft Operating
                Standards.
         1.3.2. All REDLine mission pilots will practice and execute normal and emergency procedures
                during training flights before commercial operations.
              1.3.2.1. REDLine Syllabus (Attachment B) specifies Profile 1 which includes a selection of

                     normal and other than normal flight operations.
              1.3.2.2. Pilots are trained to identify and operate under NORMAL, EARLY RETURN and

                     EMERGENCY conditions.
                   1.3.2.2.1. Simulation will be used to the maximum extent available.
                   1.3.2.2.2. Actual flight will be used to train and practice when feasible.
    1.4. REDLine mission will recover aircraft to both safe land based areas and REDLine approved ship
          flight decks.
         1.4.1. REDLine will log and maintain a proprietary `flight deck' takeoff and landing currency to
                include manual line-of-sight flight operations in lieu of software or GPS-reliant "return-to-
                home" technology.
         1.4.2. REDLine will track all FOD and/or report "Dropped Objects" not collected and/or
                accounted for.
         1.4.3. REDLine will make every reasonable effort to maximize flight safety for sea and land
                operating areas, to include proprietary and/or aircraft-specific modifications such as:
              1.4.3.1. Emergency hydro-activated flotation devices for over-water flights to preclude loss of

                       craft and/or potential hazard to marine life.
              1.4.3.2. Emergency hydro-activated independent lighting.
              1.4.3.3. Emergency parachute(s) for over-land operations in the event of power or system

                       failure for larger craft.
              1.4.3.4. Alert siren or tone as a warning beforehand to alert those in the area of the impending

                       operations as way to see and avoid a potential hazard.
              1.4.3.5. Emergency siren or tone as a warning if aircraft is operating under other than normal

                       conditions. For example, the emergency siren would sound for an early return due to
                       a bad battery or power cell.

2. The Unmanned Aircraft System ­ REDLine will own and operate one or more of the following
    "off-the-shelf" proven aircraft systems, configurations and associated mobile ground stations with a
    mission payload not to exceed 85% of the maximum takeoff weight (MTOW):

                                                                  2! of !11
                           DJI T600 Inspire 1          SteadiDrone "Mavrik" Freefly Cinestar X8

2.1 System                 T600 User Manual Link Mavrik User Manual Link CineStar 8

2.2 Primary Method of      Futaba-style Line of Sight Futaba-style Line of Sight Futaba-style Line of Sight
Aircraft Control
                           Hand-Held Radio Control Hand-Held Radio Control Hand-Held Radio Control

                           with GPS                    with GPS                 with GPS

2.3 Registration           T600 Manufacturer           Mavrik Manufacturer      CineStar Seller
Number(s)                  Specifcations - Link        Specifications - Link    Specifications - Link

2.4 Propulsion             4 Brushless Electric        4/8 MT4008 KV600         8 MN4012 KV480
                           Motors
                                                       Brushless Electric Motors Brushless Electric Motors

2.5 Power Supply           TB48 5700 mAh 22.8V         8000 mAh Lipo 4S 16.8V   10,000 mAh Lipo 6S
                                                       (4.2V per cell)
(approx. 18-35 minute flight) LiPo 6S 670g

2.6 Nominal Weight         2,935 g / 6.47 lb           2,200 g / 4.85 lb        3050 g / 6.72 lb

 2.6.1 Maximum Take Off    3200 g / 7.06 lb (based on  2,800 g / 6.17 lb        5445 g / 12 lb
Weight (MTOW)              DJI Forum, not MFR spec)

2.7 Width/ Length /Height 438 x 451 x 301 mm           777 x 500 x 205 mm       1,000 x 900 x 350 mm

2.8 Maximum speed          22 m/s ATTI no wind         15 m/s assumed           12 m/s assumed

                           RF, GPS and Vision          RF, GPS by 3DR

2.9 Navigation capability  Positioning System (VPS) Systems "Pixhawk" w/        RF, GPS by MikroKopter

                                                       Advanced GPS features

2.10 Command & Control     Radio Controller            16 Channel               9 Channel
Telemetry (basic           5.728~5.850 GHz             Radio Controller         Radio Controller
description)               2.400~2.483 GHz to 2km      2.400~2.483 GHz          2.400~2.483 GHz

2.11 Camera and Gimbal     X3 FC350 on ZenMuse         Sony a7S on AlexMos      Sony a7S on M5 gimbal
                           X3 9W / 11W in motion       gimbal by Basecam        by Movi
                                                       Electronics

2.11.1 Camera Weight included in T/O weight            489 g / 1.1 lb (no lens) 489 g / 1.1 lb (no lens)

2.11.2 Gimbal Weight included in T/O weight            included in T/O weight   2,200 g + 125 g / 5.13 lb

2.11.3 Communication Wi-Fi / RF to Ground              Wi-Fi / RF to Ground     Wi-Fi / RF to Ground

2.11.4 Integration         X3 is the DJI-supplied      Camera size based on FreeFly systems make

                           camera w T600 purchase Manufacturer Suggestion CineStar 8 and Movi M5

2.12 Safety Features       No fly zone feature hard- LiPo Alarm Checker         Flight Simulation
                           programmed in w GPS                                  Software

2.13 Maintenance /         As per Manufacturer         As per Manufacturer      As per Manufacturer
Repair

 2.13.1 Software or        REDLine will upgrade        REDLine will maintain    REDLine will maintain
Hardware Updates and       based on DJI updates        and upgrade based on     and upgrade based on
Upgrades                   and                         manufacturer updates     manufacturer updates
                           T600 User Manual Link       and User Manual updates

 2.13.2 RF Additional      10dBm@900m,                 n/a                      n/a
Information                13dBm@5.8G,
                           20dBm@2.4G

                                                 3! of !11
    2.13. Lost Link ­ REDLine aircraft will be programmed to fly to a location designated by the Pilot in
          Command as a "Safe Zone" and/or uninhabited location.
         2.13.1.REDLine PIC will first attempt to regain command link.
         2.13.2. A "Safe Zone" is a designated landing site that has been pre-briefed and announced by the
                Pilot in Command to mitigate potential damage to Participants and Non-Participants alike.
         2.13.3. While operating from a mobile operating location such as onboard a ship or craft, or at
                sea, aircraft logic will be programmed to return to the last known GPS-based coordinates
                and hover at low altitude until power is depleted.

    2.14. Oceanic Ditching ­ REDLine will recover an aircraft immediately upon indication of any safety,
          power or maintenance issues. If it becomes imminent that a safe recovery cannot be made, the
          Pilot in Command, assisted by the Safety Observer, will visually clear a place to ditch the
          aircraft as softly as possible.
         2.14.1. The Pilot in Command will announce the intention to ditch and receive an all-clear call
                from the Safety Observer and Payload Specialist as time and conditions permit. Once the
                craft sets down, every reasonable attempt will be made to safely recover the downed craft.
                A report shall be made and submitted to the servicing Coast Guard and/or FSS in less than
                24 hours in the event a craft is lost.
         2.14.2. Over land, external photographic and video systems will be used to document the landing
                site when possible.

3. Unmanned Aircraft PIC ­ REDLine will be using the highest levels of manned and unmanned pilots
    to accomplish our missions. REDLine has a minimum qualification of a commercial pilot rating for
    all pilots.
    3.1. PIC qualifications (directly in control)
         3.1.1. All REDLine pilots will hold a commercial multi-engine aircraft rating.
         3.1.2. All REDLine pilots will be current and qualified as Pilot in Command / Primary in a
                military or civilian aircraft with a DoD Military Physical and/or civilian Class II medical.
         3.1.3. All REDLine pilots operating RPA/UAS as Pilot in Command will have a minimum of 500
                flight hours to include any the following:
              3.1.3.1. DoD, CBP, DHS or NASA Remotely Piloted Aircraft - 300 Hours Minimum
              3.1.3.2. DoD, CBP, DHS or NASA Manned Aircraft (Fixed Wing or Rotary) - 300 Hours
                       Minimum
              3.1.3.3. Instructor Pilot (DoD, NASA, or FAA CFI) (Manned or RPA Aircraft) - 150 Hours
                       Minimum
         3.1.4. All REDLine pilots will be qualified in both PIC and Safety Observer positions.
              3.1.4.1. REDLine PIC and SO will follow a proprietary training syllabus to become qualified
                     as Commercial PIC and SO, able to accomplish flights over land or at sea.
         3.1.5. All REDLine pilots will maintain aerial platform currency in accordance with REDLine
                qualification guidelines:
              3.1.5.1. Currency is defined as 3 sorties per month plus 9 sorties over a 3 month look-back to
                       include:
                   3.1.5.1.1. One Emergency Procedures scenario taken to a logical conclusion.
                   3.1.5.1.2. One Emergency Procedures practice session within 30 days of the flight taking
                              place.
                        3.1.5.1.2.1. Computer simulation will be used to the maximum extent possible.

                                                                  4! of !11
                        3.1.5.1.2.2. Real world EP flying will not deviate from safe operating parameters.
                   3.1.5.1.3. One Local Area Procedures Instructional Session before each new geographic

                              location and within 30 days of the flight taking place.
4. UAS Operation Parameters

    4.1. REDLine is based in Nevada, and will initially fly the training syllabus (Attachment B) in
          uninhabited privately owned areas near Henderson, NV for initial training and equipment
          validation.
         4.1.1. Validation is REDLine's method to ensure off-the-shelf products (specifically flight
                stabilization, software, video capture and transmission devices and new equipment) are
                working as per manufacturer specifications, and not considered experimental.
         4.1.2. Training and Validation flights will be Day, VMC, and outside of any flight corridors, away
                from communications or power transmission lines, and outside of 5 miles from any airport.

    4.2. REDLine will operate missions initially over the Pacific Ocean and coordinate with specific
          FSDO's for times and airspace permission if required.
         4.2.1. All commercial operations will be communicated to the appropriate FSDO not less than 72
                hours in advance.
         4.2.2. All commercial operations will include a review of Federal or Official Advisories and/or
                NOTAMS which shall be formally briefed before each flight or flying window.
              4.2.2.1. A Flying Window can include one or more flights within the same area provided there
                      is not a change in PIC and Safety Officer, weather or payload mission.

    4.3. Overall Risk Mitigation Plan - Every effort will be made to Preserve human life. Preserve animal
          life, avoid intrusion to natural surroundings and any man-made property. REDLine will do this
          through a combination of flight discipline, expertise and programs to mitigate risk.
         4.3.1.Flight Discipline - Commercial and Private Operations will be clearly briefed, flown and
                de-briefed to include lessons learned, reasonable improvements, and future risk
                identification.
         4.3.2. Expertise - All crews will fly known parameters and shall not exceed identified operating
                limitations set by the manufacturer. Crews will be confident and knowledgeable with the
                systems they are operating, to include passing a REDLine internally approved test before
                being checked out in the system.
              4.3.2.1. Defined aircrew responsibilities are briefed and documented before a crews' first
                      flight.
         4.3.3. Programs - All REDLine aircrew will be professionally trained in each of the following
                areas to maximize flight safety and mitigate flight risk.
              4.3.3.1. Crew Resource Management - All crew members will be educated, briefed and
                       debriefed on CRM.
              4.3.3.2. Local Area Orientation - All aircrew will be provided reference charts to study and
                       reference before flying to determine any potential hazards to flight (e.g. location and
                       height of obstacles, populated areas), to help mitigate potential pattern conflicts, or
                       excessive disruption of wildlife habitats. The orientation shall include familiarization
                       of pre-determined alternate landing sites to be used in the event of a "lost link"
                       contingency or other degraded system operations that would preclude landing at the
                       primary takeoff/landing site.
              4.3.3.3. Weather - All Aircrew have been extensively trained in weather. REDLine further
                       trains aircrew under a proprietary syllabus (Attachment B) to, at a basic level, identify
                       weather trends and conditions that effect smaller RPA systems. Any aircrew member

                                                                  !5 of !11
                       may terminate a mission for actual or predicted weather phenomena which prevent a
                       safe flight.
              4.3.3.4. Operational Risk Management Program - An assessment of personal and mission
                       risks will be tallied to deliver an overall GO or NO-GO for each period / day of flight.
                       See REDLine ORM Policy letter.
    4.4. REDLine will conduct all operations in accordance with 14 CFR 91.119 Minimum Safe
          Altitudes: General
    4.5. REDLine will conduct all operations under day visual flight rules
         4.5.1. Flights, with proper aircraft lighting or marking, may include civil twilight.
5. Public Interest
    5.1. REDLine commercial operations are in the highest Public Interest. Initial operations are being
          conducted by professional aviators with extensive manned and unmanned experience.
    5.2. REDLine innovations will help reduce or negate petroleum-based aviation's current impact on
          marine life by using smaller, lighter, more efficient and far quieter electrically-powered systems.
         5.2.1.Utilization of substantially lighter, emission-free unmanned aircraft represents a significant
                improvement over manned observation from boats, helicopters or aircraft.
              5.2.1.1. Small unmanned aircraft are less intrusive than traditional aircraft or helicopters.
              5.2.1.2. Noise pollution is minimized.
                   5.2.1.2.1. A small drone at 1 meter emits 82-85 dB as compared to helicopter emitting

                             100 dB at 100'. (Source: FAS, Purdue)
              5.2.1.3. Oil/fuel residuals are `zero' for electric operations.
              5.2.1.4. Small unmanned aircraft are a significantly lesser risk compared to manned

                      operations in the unlikely event of an unplanned landing.
                   5.2.1.4.1. Illuminated automatic flotation devices, attached to each aircraft, reduce the

                             potential for lost aircraft.
                   5.2.1.4.2. Aircraft systems are secured to prevent lost or dropped objects.
    5.3. REDLine is working with leading scientific and research organizations who advise and approve
          of RPA aviation as a platform to aid in scientific and documentary film work.

                                                                  !6 of !11
The following is a list of specific regulations that REDLine seeks relief from and/or describes how the
regulation will be satisfied through REDLine RPA aviation operations:

· Section 21.185 prescribes, in pertinent part, the procedural requirements for issuing and changing
    design approvals, production approvals, airworthiness certificates, and airworthiness approvals.
          REDLine will not be seeking certification while providing an equivalent level of safety via
              REDLine maintenance, operation procedures and policies.

· Section 45.23(b) prescribes, in pertinent part, that when marks include only the Roman capital letter
    "N" and the registration number is displayed on limited, restricted or light- sport category aircraft or
    experimental or provisionally certificated aircraft, the operator must also display on that aircraft near
    each entrance to the cabin, cockpit, or pilot station, in letters not less than 2 inches nor more than 6
    inches high, the words "limited," "restricted," "light-sport," "experimental," or "provisional," as
    applicable.
          REDLine will is not seeking 21.185 certification and therefore also seeking exemption to
              aircraft marking IAW section 45.23(b)

· Section 61.113(a) and (b) prescribes that--
              (a) no person who holds a private pilot certificate may act as a pilot in command of an aircraft
              that is carrying passengers or property for compensation or hire; nor may that person, for
              compensation or hire, act as pilot in command of an aircraft.
              (b) a private pilot may, for compensation or hire, act as pilot in command of an aircraft in
              connection with any business or employment if:
                        (1) The flight is only incidental to that business or employment; and
                        (2) The aircraft does not carry passengers or property for compensation or hire.

          REDLine pilots maintain appropriate aeronautical rating, training and experience and seek
              exemption to carry property in a commercial capacity for compensation or hire on board RPA

· Section 91.7(a) prescribes, in pertinent part, that no person may operate a civil aircraft unless it is in
    an airworthy condition.
          REDLine will not be seeking certification while providing an equivalent level of safety
         via REDLine maintenance, operation procedures and policies.

· Section 91.9(b)(2) prohibits operation of U.S.-registered civil aircraft unless there is available in the
    aircraft a current approved Airplane or Rotorcraft Flight Manual, approved manual material,
    markings, and placards, or any combination thereof.
          REDLine will ensure all relevant material be kept accessible to the PIC in compliance
         with

· Section 91.103 prescribes, in pertinent part, that each pilot in command shall, before beginning a
    flight, become familiar with all available information concerning that flight, to include--
              (a) For a flight under IFR or a flight not in the vicinity of an airport, weather reports and
              forecasts, fuel requirements, alternatives available if the planned flight cannot be completed,
              and any known traffic delays of which the pilot in command has been advised by ATC;

                                                                  !7 of !11
              (b) For any flight, runway lengths at airports of intended use, and the following takeoff and
              landing distance information:

                        (1) For civil aircraft for which an approved Airplane or Rotorcraft Flight Manual
                        containing takeoff and landing distance data is required, the takeoff and landing
                        distance data contained therein; and
                        (2) For civil aircraft other than those specified in paragraph (b)(1) of this section,
                        other reliable information appropriate to the aircraft, relating to aircraft performance
                        under expected values of airport elevation and runway slope, aircraft gross weight,
                        and wind and temperature.
          REDLine will comply with 91.103 (information available immediately to the PIC and Safety
              Observer

· Section 91.109 prescribes, in pertinent part, that no person may operate a civil aircraft (except a
    manned free balloon) that is being used for flight instruction unless that aircraft has fully functioning
    dual controls.
          REDLine will adhere to 91.109. Flight instruction will be on private land property to the
              maximum extent possible IAW with REDLine qualification policy.

    · Section 91.119 prescribes that, except when necessary for takeoff or landing, no person may
         operate an aircraft below the following altitudes:
                      (a) Anywhere. An altitude allowing, if a power unit fails, an emergency
                      landing without undue hazard to persons or property on the surface.
                      (b) Over congested areas. Over any congested area of a city, town, or settlement, or
                      over any open air assembly of persons, an altitude of 1,000 feet above the highest
                      obstacle within a horizontal radius of 2,000 feet of the aircraft.
                      (c) Over other than congested areas. An altitude of 500 feet above the surface, except
                      over open water or sparsely populated areas. In those cases, the aircraft may not be
                      operated closer than 500 feet to any person, vessel, vehicle, or structure.
                      (d) Helicopters, powered parachutes, and weight-shift-control aircraft. If the
                      operation is conducted without hazard to persons or property on the surface--
                                (1)A helicopter may be operated at less than the minimums prescribed in
                                paragraph (b) or (c) of this section, provided each person operating the
                                helicopter complies with any routes or altitudes specifically prescribed for
                                helicopters by the FAA; and
                                (2) A powered parachute or weight-shift-control aircraft may be operated at
                                less than the minimums prescribed in paragraph (c) of this section.

          REDLine seeks exemption from 91.119 for RPA systems that are in use for commercial
                 purposes. Commercial RPA flights will be made without undue hazard to persons or
                 property on the surface.

· Section 91.121 requires, in pertinent part, each person operating an aircraft to maintain cruising
    altitude by reference to an altimeter that is set "to the elevation of the departure airport or an
    appropriate altimeter setting available before departure."

                                                                  !8 of !11
          REDLine will fly aircraft and follow manufactured altitude monitoring guidelines backed
                 up by safety observer visual clearing.

· Section 91.151(a) prescribes that no person may begin a flight in an airplane under VFR conditions
    unless (considering wind and forecast weather conditions) there is enough fuel to fly to the first point
    of intended landing and, assuming normal cruising speed, (1) during the day, to fly after that for at
    least 30 minutes; or (2) At night, to fly after that for at least 45 minutes.
        REDLine will fly aircraft within described battery limitations. Prior to flight the PIC shall
              determine a minimum battery level/life required for normal return and landing (i.e. a "bingo"
              battery level). At pre-briefed time intervals all crew members shall determine battery level/
              life and verbally confirm it. On-board warnings and alerts may be used to augment crew
              situational awareness.

· Section 91.203(a) prohibits, in pertinent part, any person from operating a civil aircraft unless it has
    within it (1) an appropriate and current airworthiness certificate; and (2) an effective U.S. registration
    certificate issued to its owner or, for operation within the United States, the second copy of the
    Aircraft Registration Application as provided for in § 47.31(c).
        REDLine will not be seeking certification while providing an equivalent level of safety via
              REDLine maintenance and operation procedures and policies. Maintenance and operational
              capability will be based on manufacturers and system suppliers recommendations as well as
              practical REDLine aviation knowledge.

· Section 91.203(b) prescribes, in pertinent part, that no person may operate a civil aircraft unless the
    airworthiness certificate or a special flight authorization issued under § 91.715 is displayed at the
    cabin or cockpit entrance so that it is legible to passengers or crew.
        REDLine will not be seeking certification while providing an equivalent level of safety via
              REDLine maintenance and operation procedures and policies.

· Section 91.405(a) requires, in pertinent part, that an aircraft operator or owner shall have that aircraft
    inspected as prescribed in subpart E of the same part and shall, between required inspections, except
    as provided in paragraph (c) of the same section, have discrepancies repaired as prescribed in part 43
    of the chapter. Section 91.407(a)(1) prohibits, in pertinent part, any person from operating an aircraft
    that has undergone maintenance, preventive maintenance, rebuilding, or alteration unless it has been
    approved for return to service by a person authorized under § 43.7 of the same chapter.
        REDLine will follow manufacturer provided information and internal maintenance policy
              and safety.

· Section 91.407(a)(1) prohibits, in pertinent part, any person from operating an aircraft that has
    undergone maintenance, preventive maintenance, rebuilding, or alteration unless it has been approved
    for return to service by a person authorized under § 43.7 of the same chapter.
        REDLine will follow manufacturer provided information and internal maintenance policy
              and safety.

· Section 91.409(a)(2) prescribes, in pertinent part, that no person may operate an aircraft unless,
    within the preceding 12 calendar months, it has had an inspection for the issuance of an airworthiness
    certificate in accordance with part 21 of this chapter.

                                                                  9! of !11
        REDLine will follow manufacturer provided information and internal maintenance policy
              and safety.

· Section 91.417(a) and (b) prescribes, in pertinent part, that--
              (a) Each registered owner or operator shall keep the following records for the periods
              specified in paragraph (b) of this section:
                        (1) Records of the maintenance, preventive maintenance, and alteration and records
                        of the 100-hour, annual, progressive, and other required or approved inspections, as
                        appropriate, for each aircraft (including the airframe) and each engine, propeller,
                        rotor, and appliance of an aircraft. The records must include--
                                  (i) A description (or reference to data acceptable to the Administrator) of the
                                  work performed; and
                                  (ii) The date of completion of the work performed; and
                                  (iii) The signature, and certificate number of the person approving the aircraft
                                  for return to service.
                        (2) Records containing the following information:
                                  (i) The total time in service of the airframe, each engine, each propeller, and
                                  each rotor.
                                  (ii) The current status of life-limited parts of each airframe, engine, propeller,
                                  rotor, and appliance.
                                  (iii) The time since last overhaul of all items installed on the aircraft which
                                  are required to be overhauled on a specified time basis.
                                  (iv) The current inspection status of the aircraft, including the time since the
                                  last inspection required by the inspection program under which the aircraft
                                  and its appliances are maintained.
                                  (v) The current status of applicable airworthiness directives (AD) and safety
                                  directives including, for each, the method of compliance, the AD or safety
                                  directive number and revision date. If the AD or safety directive involves
                                  recurring action, the time and date when the next action is required.
                                  (vi) Copies of the forms prescribed by § 43.9(d) of this chapter for each
                                  major alteration to the airframe and currently installed engines, rotors,
                                  propellers, and appliances.
              (b) The owner or operator shall retain the following records for the periods prescribed:
                        (1) The records specified in paragraph (a)(1) of this section shall be retained until the
                        work is repeated or superseded by other work or for 1 year after the work is
                        performed.
                        (2) The records specified in paragraph (a)(2) of this section shall be retained and
                        transferred with the aircraft at the time the aircraft is sold.
                        (3) A list of defects furnished to a registered owner or operator under § 43.11 of this
                        chapter shall be retained until the defects are repaired and the aircraft is approved for
                        return to service.

        REDLine will follow manufacturer or supplier provided information and internal
              maintenance policy and safety.

                                                                 1! 0 of !11
ATTACHED DOCUMENTS:

REDLine A  Business Talking Points *
REDLine B  Commercial Pilot and Safety Observer Training Program *
REDLine C  Commercial Aircrew and Support Qualification Program *
REDLine D  Common GPS Checklist
REDLine E  Operational Risk Management Program *
REDLine F  RPA Operations Safety
REDLine G  Knowledge Test System 03
REDLine H  Proposed Fleet (Table 2.1 through 2.13.2 shown earlier in this product)

* Proprietary REDLine Aerospace LLC Information, Process or IP 2015

                     1! 1 of 1! 1
FAA FORM 7711-1 UAS COA Attachment  Page 1 of 6
                    FAA-2015-0373

                                       DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION
                                     FEDERAL AVIATION ADMINISTRATION
                             CERTIFICATE OF WAIVER OR AUTHORIZATION

ISSUED TO
REDLine Aerospace, LLC
2807 Strathallan Avenue
Henderson, NV 89044

   This certificate is issued for the operations specifically described hereinafter. No person shall conduct
any operation pursuant to the authority of this certificate except in accordance with the standard and special
provisions contained in this certificate, and such other requirements of the Federal Aviation Regulations not
specifically waived by this certificate.
OPERATIONS AUTHORIZED
Operation of DJI T600 Inspire 1, SteadiDrone Mavrick, and Freefly Cinestar X8 Unmanned Aircraft
Systems at or below 200 feet Above Ground Level (AGL) for the purpose of aerial data collection.

LIST OF WAIVED REGULATIONS BY SECTION AND TITLE
N/A

                                               STANDARD PROVISIONS
1. A copy of the application made for this certificate shall be attached and become a part hereof.
2. This certificate shall be presented for inspection upon the request of any authorized representative of the
Federal Aviation Administration, or of any State or municipal official charged with the duty of enforcing
local laws or regulations.
3. The holder of this certificate shall be responsible for the strict observance of the terms and provisions
contained herein.
4. This certificate is nontransferable.
Note-This certificate constitutes a waiver of those Federal rules or regulations specifically referred to
above. It does not constitute a waiver of any State law or local ordinance.

                                                 SPECIAL PROVISIONS
Special Provisions are set forth and attached.
This certificate FAA-2015-0373-333E is effective from May 9, 2015 to May 31, 2017 and is subject to
cancellation at any time upon notice by the Administrator or his/her authorized representative.

BY DIRECTION OF THE ADMINISTRATOR

FAA Headquarters, AJV-115                 /S/
            (Region)
                                      Jacqueline R. Jackson
         May 7, 2015                         (Signature)
            (Date)
                           Manager, UAS Tactical Operations Section
   FAA Form 7711-1 (7-74)                    (Title)

                           Small UAS Operations 200 feet and below for
                                        Commercial Purposes March 2015
                           FAA FORM 7711-1 UAS COA Attachment    Page 2 of 6
                                                  FAA-2015-0373

STANDARD PROVISIONS

A. General.

1. The approval of this COA is effective only with an approved FAA Grant of Exemption.

2. A copy of the COA including the special limitations must be immediately available to all
    operational personnel at each operating location whenever UAS operations are being
    conducted.

3. This authorization may be canceled at any time by the Administrator, the person
    authorized to grant the authorization, or the representative designated to monitor a
    specific operation. As a general rule, this authorization may be canceled when it is no
    longer required, there is an abuse of its provisions, or when unforeseen safety factors
    develop. Failure to comply with the authorization is cause for cancellation. The operator
    will receive written notice of cancellation.

B. Safety of Flight.

1. The operator or pilot in command (PIC) is responsible for halting or canceling activity in
    the COA area if, at any time, the safety of persons or property on the ground or in the air
    is in jeopardy, or if there is a failure to comply with the terms or conditions of this
    authorization.

See-and-Avoid

Unmanned aircraft have no on-board pilot to perform see-and-avoid responsibilities;
therefore, when operating outside of active restricted and warning areas approved for
aviation activities, provisions must be made to ensure an equivalent level of safety exists
for unmanned operations consistent with 14 CFR Part 91 §91.111, §91.113 and §91.115.

a. The pilot in command (PIC) is responsible:

    · To remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and activities at
         all times,

    · For the safety of persons or property on the surface with respect to the UAS, and

    · For compliance with CFR Parts 91.111, 91.113 and 91.115

b. UAS pilots will ensure there is a safe operating distance between aviation activities
and unmanned aircraft (UA) at all times.

c. Visual observers must be used at all times and maintain instantaneous communication
with the PIC.

d. The PIC is responsible to ensure visual observer(s) are:

                                                     Small UAS Operations 200 feet and below for
                                                                  Commercial Purposes March 2015
FAA FORM 7711-1 UAS COA Attachment  Page 3 of 6
                    FAA-2015-0373

             · Able to see the UA and the surrounding airspace throughout the entire flight, and

             · Able to provide the PIC with the UA's flight path, and proximity to all aviation
                  activities and other hazards (e.g., terrain, weather, structures) sufficiently for the
                  PIC to exercise effective control of the UA to prevent the UA from creating a
                  collision hazard.

         e. Visual observer(s) must be able to communicate clearly to the pilot any instructions
         required to remain clear of conflicting traffic.

    2. Pilots are reminded to follow all federal regulations e.g. remain clear of all Temporary
         Flight Restrictions, as well as following the exemption granted for their operation.

    3. The operator or delegated representative must not operate in Prohibited Areas, Special
         Flight Rule Areas or, the Washington National Capital Region Flight Restricted Zone.
         Such areas are depicted on charts available at
         http://www.faa.gov/air_traffic/flight_info/aeronav/. Additionally, aircraft operators
         should beware of and avoid other areas identified in Notices to Airmen (NOTAMS)
         which restricts operations in proximity to Power Plants, Electric Substations, Dams,
         Wind Farms, Oil Refineries, Industrial Complexes, National Parks, The Disney Resorts,
         Stadiums, Emergency Services, the Washington DC Metro Flight Restricted Zone,
         Military or other Federal Facilities.

    4. All aircraft operated in accordance with this Certificate of Waiver/Authorization must be
         identified by serial number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have
         identification (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C.
         Markings must be) as large as practicable.

C. Reporting Requirements

    1. Documentation of all operations associated with UAS activities is required regardless of
         the airspace in which the UAS operates. NOTE: Negative (zero flights) reports are
         required.

    2. The operator must submit the following information through
         mailto:9-AJV-115-UASOrganization@faa.gov on a monthly basis:
         a. Name of Operator, Exemption number and Aircraft registration number

         b. UAS type and model

         c. All operating locations, to include location city/name and latitude/longitude

         d. Number of flights (per location, per aircraft)

         e. Total aircraft operational hours

         f. Takeoff or Landing damage

Small UAS Operations 200 feet and below for
             Commercial Purposes March 2015
FAA FORM 7711-1 UAS COA Attachment  Page 4 of 6
                    FAA-2015-0373

    g. Equipment malfunctions. Reportable malfunctions include, but are not limited to the
         following:
         (1) On-board flight control system
         (2) Navigation system
         (3) Powerplant failure in flight
         (4) Fuel system failure
         (5) Electrical system failure
         (6) Control station failure

3. The number and duration of lost link events (control, performance and health monitoring,
    or communications) per UA per flight.

D. Notice to Airmen (NOTAM).

    A distant (D) NOTAM must be issued when unmanned aircraft operations are being
    conducted. This requirement may be accomplished:

    a. Through the operator's local base operations or NOTAM issuing authority, or

    b. By contacting the NOTAM Flight Service Station at 1-877-4-US-NTMS (1-877-487-
         6867) not more than 72 hours in advance, but not less than 24 hours prior to the
         operation, unless otherwise authorized as a special provision. The issuing agency will
         require the:

         (1) Name and address of the pilot filing the NOTAM request

         (2) Location, altitude, or operating area

         (3) Time and nature of the activity.

AIR TRAFFIC CONTROL SPECIAL PROVISIONS

  A. Coordination Requirements.

       1. Operator filing and the issuance of required distance (D) NOTAM, will serve as
            advance ATC facility notification of UAS operations in an area.

       2. Operator must cancel NOTAMs when UAS operations are completed or will not be
            conducted.

       3. Coordination and deconfliction between Military Training Routes (MTRs) is the
            operator's responsibility. When identifying an operational area the operator must
            evaluate whether an MTR will be affected. In the event the UAS operational area
            overlaps (5 miles either side of centerline) an MTR, the operator will contact the
            scheduling agency 24 hours in advance to coordinate and deconflict. Approval from
            the scheduling agency is not required. Scheduling agencies are listed in the Area
            Planning AP/1B Military Planning Routes North and South America, if unable to gain

                                                              Small UAS Operations 200 feet and below for
                                                                            Commercial Purposes March 2015
FAA FORM 7711-1 UAS COA Attachment            Page 5 of 6
                    FAA-2015-0373

access to AP/1B contact the FAA at email address
mailto:9-AJV-115-UASOrganization@faa.gov with the IR/VR routes affected and the
FAA will provide the scheduling agency information. If prior coordination and
deconfliction does not take place 24 hours in advance, the operator must remain clear
of all MTRs.

B. Communication Requirements.

1. When operating in the vicinity of an airport without an operating control tower,
    announce your operations in accordance with the FAA Aeronautical Information
    Manual (AIM) 4-1-9 Traffic Advisory Practices at Airports without Operating Control
    Towers.

C. Flight Planning Requirements.

    This COA will allow small UAS (55 pounds or less) operations during daytime VFR
    conditions under the following conditions and limitations:

      (1) At or below 200 feet AGL; and

      (2) Beyond the following distances from the airport reference point (ARP) of a public use
           airport, heliport, gliderport, or seaport listed in the Airport/Facility Directory, Alaska
           Supplement, or Pacific Chart Supplement of the U.S. Government Flight Information
           Publications.
               a) 5 nautical miles (NM) from an airport having an operational control tower; or

               b) 3 NM from an airport having a published instrument flight procedure, but not
                    having an operational control tower; or

               c) 2 NM from an airport not having a published instrument flight procedure or an
                    operational control tower; or

               d) 2 NM from a heliport, gliderport or seaport

D. Emergency/Contingency Procedures.

1. Lost Link/Lost Communications Procedures:

· If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property and land.

   · The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

2. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
boundaries defined in this COA must be reported to the FAA via email at

                                  Small UAS Operations 200 feet and below for
                                               Commercial Purposes March 2015
FAA FORM 7711-1 UAS COA Attachment  Page 6 of 6
                    FAA-2015-0373

mailto:9-AJV-115-UASOrganization@faa.gov within 24 hours. Accidents must be reported
to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions contained on the
NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov

AUTHORIZATION
This Certificate of Waiver or Authorization does not, in itself, waive any Title 14 Code of
Federal Regulations, nor any state law or local ordinance. Should the proposed operation
conflict with any state law or local ordinance, or require permission of local authorities or
property owners, it is the responsibility of the operator to resolve the matter. This COA does not
authorize flight within Special Use airspace without approval from the scheduling agency. The
operator is hereby authorized to operate the small Unmanned Aircraft System in the National
Airspace System.

Small UAS Operations 200 feet and below for
             Commercial Purposes March 2015
