July 31, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12270
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­2138

Mr. Nick Gruber
President
ReelSkies
5341 West Chanceler Court
Lincoln, NE 68521

Dear Mr. Gruber:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated April 21, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of ReelSkies (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption. The petitioner
requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct aerial photography and
videography.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a DJI Inspire 1.
                                                                                                                 2

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

· They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

· The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

· A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, ReelSkies is granted an exemption from 14 CFR
§§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121,
91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to the

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                                                 3

extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, ReelSkies is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Inspire 1when
         weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any other
         aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
         must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
         documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
                                                                                                            4

    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.
                                                                                                            5

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.
                                                                                                            6

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

    The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
    nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
    reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
    contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.
                                                                                                                 7

 If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
 television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                      8

This exemption terminates on August 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
April 21, 2015

U. S. Department of Transportation
Docket Operations
West Building Ground Floor, Room W12-140
1200 New Jersey Ave., SE
Washington, DC 20590

Regarding:

Exemption Request Pursuant To Section 333 of the FAA Reform Act of 2012 and Part 11
of the Federal Aviation Regulations from 14 CFR Part 21; 61.113(a) and (b); 91.103;
91.109(c); 91.119(c); 91.121; 91.151(a)(1); 91.405(a); 91.407(a)(1); 91.409(a)(1) and (2);
91.417(a) and (b).

Dear Sir or Madam:

Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (Reform
Act) and 14 CFR Part 11, ReelSkies which is an owner and operator of Small Unmanned
Aircraft Systems (sUAS) equipped to conduct commercial aerial photography and
videography for agricultural inspection, real estate, and other commercial operations
hereby applies for an exemption from the listed Federal Aviation Regulations (FAR) to
allow commercial operation of its sUAS, so long as such operations are conducted within
and under the conditions outlined herein or as may be established by the FAA as required
by Section 333.

The Reform Act gives the Secretary of Transportation the authority to determine if
certain sUAS may operate safely in the national airspace system (NAS) before
completion of the FAA's plan and rulemaking to integrate sUAS into the NAS. The
Reform Act directs the Secretary to consider which types of sUAS as a result of their
size, weight, speed, operational capability, proximity to airports and populated areas, and
operation within visual line of sight do not create a hazard to users of the national
airspace or a threat to national security. If the Secretary determines that such vehicles
may operate safely in the NAS, the Secretary "shall establish requirements for the safe
operation of such aircraft."

The granting of this exemption request will provide immediate benefit to both the
agricultural and real estate industries by authorizing highly controlled sUAS operations at
or below 200 feet above ground level (AGL), in line of sight of an FAA Certificated
Airline Transport Pilot during daylight hours and above controlled privately owned and
operated property.

ReelSkies sUAS shall weigh less than 10 pounds including the payload. They will
operate at no more than 30 knots and have the capability to hover, and move vertically
and horizontally simultaneously.

Operations would be conducted above privately owned and operated properties, with the
consent of the owner/operator. ReelSkies operations will be performed by a professional
pilot; this will insure that the sUAS will not create a hazard to users of the national
airspace system or the public.

The grant of this exemption request is in the public interest, does not create a hazard to
users of the NAS or the public, or pose a threat to national security.

In the following pages ReelSkies addresses all areas of concern to include:

     Equivalent levels of safety
     Exemptions requested

The name and address of the applicant is:

ReelSkies
ATTN: Nick Gruber
Phone: (402) 318-8093
Email: nick.j.gruber@gmail.com
Address: 5341 West Chanceler Court

            Lincoln, NE 68521

ReelSkies appreciates your consideration in this matter.

Best Regards,

Nick Gruber
President ReelSkies

Included in this Exemption Letter:

     Operations
     Regulations for which exemptions are requested

To follow this Exemption Letter and/or on request:

     ReelSkies Operating Manual
     Inspection Program
     Aircraft Operating Manual (AOM)
Table of Contents

Operations and How They Serve the Public Interest
About ReelSkies
ReelSkies sUAS Description
Safety
Maintenance
Permissions and Permitting
Operations
Flight Time and Flight Durations
Exemptions from which Regulations
Operations and How They Serve the Public Interest

Real Estate Photography by sUAS

     SUAS allow aerial video and photography of real estate property without the use
         of full size aircraft.

     Use of sUAS in real estate, as well as other sectors, is more efficient, less costly,
         and environmentally friendly.

     Utilizing sUAS for real estate is safer than utilizing full-scale aircraft which pose
         a greater risk to people and property

     Operations will be conducted below 200 feet AGL, at slow speeds, and within
         line of sight of a certificated pilot.

Agricultural Inspection by sUAS

     SUAS inspection is of higher quality, more reliable, and can be reviewed in real
         time. SUAS inspections allow for the collection, dissemination and permanent
         storage of photos and videos of agricultural inspections.

     SUAS inspection is more efficient and less costly.
     SUAS inspection is safer than traditional manned commercial aircraft. SUAS's

         are less likely to cause damage to property or life in the event of an accident.

Inspection of Construction Areas

     SUAS use at construction sites will provide an aerial view of the area to interested
         parties such as financier of the project.

     Due to the small size of sUAS they pose less risk of damage to people or property
         when properly used then full size aircraft.

About ReelSkies

President

     Nick J. Gruber, a graduate of Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University, leads
         ReelSkies as President. He graduated with a Bachelor's in Aeronautics minor in
         management.

     Nick Gruber holds an Airline Transport Pilot (ATP) Certificate along with
         Certified Flight Instructor (CFI), Instrument (CFII), and Multi-engine (MEI)
         certificates. He also holds a Commercial Rotorcraft Helicopter with Instrument
         certificate. He currently flies for a Part 121 airline.

     Nick has extensive experience in both commercial aviation and radio control
         aircraft operations including helicopters and multi-copters.

     ReelSkies sUAS are outfitted for aerial photography and videography for use in
         agricultural inspection and real estate industries.
Experience

As a professional pilot, Nick Gruber understands that safety is paramount and will always
hold safety ahead of any commercial endeavor.

     Individuals within ReelSkies have only operated sUAS as hobbyists. To date,
         ReelSkies members have not engaged in any commercial activity to ensure it is in
         compliance with any applicable FARs or local, state, and federal laws.

     ReelSkies has a detailed sUAS operating manual and aircraft inspection manual
         that it shall follow, should this exemption be approved.

ReelSkies sUAS Description

ReelSkies intendeds to operate DJI sUAS multi-rotor aircraft for the purpose of obtaining
photographs and video for agricultural inspection, real estate, and other commercial
endeavors.

These aircraft have fail-safe features to include geo-fencing and lost link return home
capability. DJI is the manufacturer of multi-rotors weighing less than 25 pounds and has
developed technology that will enhance safe sUAS operations within the NAS.

T600/DJI Inspire 1

 Model                            T600/Inspire 1  6.5 pounds
 Weight (Battery Included)        2935g           1.7 feet
                                                  8.2 feet
 Battery                          22.2V, 4500mAh
 Hovering Accuracy Vertical:                      11.2 mph
                                  0.5m            9 mph
 Horizontal:                      2.5m            49.2 mph
 Max Angular Velocity Yaw/Pitch:  150°/s /300°/s
 Max Tilt Angle                                   17x18x12 inches
 Max Ascent Speed                 35°
 Max Descent Speed                5 m/s
 Max Speed
 Max Flight Time                  4 m/s
 Operating Temperature Range      22 m/s
 Dimensions                       18 min

Specifications and Design:        -10° to 40°C
                                  438x451x301 mm
A. All sUAS flown under this exemption shall be less than 10 pounds including
         aircraft and payload. This exemption requests permission only with respect to the
         specific use of the DJI Inspire 1 Model T600, which weighs less than 10 pounds
         including payload.

B. The radio frequency spectrum used for operation and control of the sUAS shall
         comply with the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) or other
         appropriate government oversight agency requirements. The DJI Inspire uses
         spread spectrum technology operating in the 2.4 Ghz range and is compliant with
         all FCC regulations as demonstrated in the aircraft manual.

C. Maximum speed shall be less than 30 knots.

D. The sUAS shall be equipped with Inertial Navigation Sensor(s) and Gyroscopes
         (IRS/IRU/Accelerometer/MEMS Gyroscopes).

E. The sUAS shall be equipped with a Compass (Magnetometer/Heading Source).

F. The sUAS shall be equipped with a Global Positioning System (GPS) guidance
         system.

The sUAS shall be designed, should it lose communications or lose its GPS signal, to
return to a pre-determined location within the area of operations and land or be recovered
in accordance with ReelSkies sUAS operating manual.

Safety

ReelSkies proposes that the exemption requested applies to civil aircraft that have the
characteristics and that operate with the limitations listed herein.

These limitations provide for at least an equivalent or higher level of safety to operations
under the current regulatory structure because the proposed operations represent a safety
enhancement to the already safe operations conducted with conventional aircraft.

This Exemption Request is for Use of sUAS subject to Extensive Operational and
Safety Requirements

These limitations and conditions to which ReelSkies agrees to be bound when conducting
commercial operations under an FAA issued exemption at a minimum include:

A. The sUAS Pilot in Command (PIC) shall possess at a minimum, a private pilot
         certificate and current third-class medical certificate.

              The PIC shall also meet the flight review requirements specified in 14
                  CFR §61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on their pilot
                  certificate.
              The PIC shall be trained in the operation of the specific make and model
                  of the sUAS being piloted and successfully completed all training
                  required.

              The PIC shall have accumulated and logged, in a manner consistent with
                  14 CFR §61.51 (b), a minimum of 200 flight cycles and 25 hours of total
                  time as a sUAS pilot and at least five hours logged as a sUAS pilot with a
                  similar sUAS type (multi-rotor/helicopter/airplane). Prior documented
                  flight experience that was obtained in compliance with applicable
                  regulations may satisfy this requirement.

              For currency the PIC shall have accumulated and logged, in a manner
                  consistent with 14 CFR §61.51 (b), a minimum of five hours as sUAS
                  pilot operating the make and model of sUAS to be utilized for operations
                  under the exemption and three takeoffs and three landings in the preceding
                  90 days. Flight time and number of takeoffs and landings will be recorded
                  in a logbook for purposes of demonstrating currency.

              Training, proficiency, and experience-building flights can also be
                  conducted under this grant of exemption to accomplish the required flight
                  cycles and flight time.

B. During training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not
         essential for flight operations are considered non- participants, and the PIC must
         operate the sUAS with appropriate distance from non-participants in accordance
         with 14 CFR §91.119.

C. The PIC shall always be within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the sUAS while
         conducting operations.

D. A risk mitigation survey will be conducted prior to each flight to ensure VLOS
         can be maintained at all times, hazards are properly identified, and that all
         regulatory perimeters can be met.

Maintenance

A. SUAS shall be maintained in accordance with the manufacturer's
         recommendations and ReelSkies sUAS operating manual.

B. ReelSkies will document and maintain a record of the sUAS maintenance,
         preventative maintenance, alterations, and status of replacement, overhaul
         component parts, and the total time in service of the sUAS. These records will be
         maintained at the principle base for operation for the life of the aircraft or as
         required by Federal Aviation Regulations. See ReelSkies sUAS operating manual.

C. ReelSkies shall comply with all manufacturer Safety / Service Bulletins or
         equivalent pertaining to the sUAS aircraft.
D. The PIC shall perform a preflight inspection of the sUAS, controller, and ground
         control station prior to each flight to ensure it is operational with no discrepancies.
         The preflight inspection checklist can be found on page 48 of the AOM. If the
         preflight inspection reveals discrepancies, repairs or maintenance shall be
         performed prior to flight and logged in the maintenance log. The sUAS will only
         be operated if all systems are operating per manufacture's specifications and in a
         discrepancy free condition.

E. Maintenance or repairs that may affect the sUAS operation or flight characteristics
         shall undergo a functional test flight when required in accordance with
         manufactures recommendations and ReelSkies sUAS operating manual. This
         functional test flight shall be recorded in the sUAS's records. If the functional test
         flight is completed successfully, the sUAS can be returned to service by the PIC.

F. ReelSkies shall follow the manufacturer's sUAS maintenance, overhaul,
         replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements. When not provided by the
         manufacturer aircraft maintenance, component, overhaul, replacement, and
         inspection maintenance requirements shall be established and included in
         ReelSkies sUAS operating manual.

              At a minimum the following will be meet:

1. Actuators / Servos

2. Powerplant(s) (motors)

3. Propellers

4. Electronic speed controller(s)

5. Batteries

6. Remote controllers and Ground control station

Permissions and Permitting

A. All required permissions and permits shall be obtained from territorial, state,
         county or city jurisdictions, including local law enforcement, or other appropriate
         governmental agencies.

B. At least three days before a scheduled operational flight, ReelSkies shall submit a
         written plan of activities to the local flight standards district office (FSDO) with
         jurisdiction over the area of the proposed flight. The 3-day notification may be
         waived with the concurrence of the FSDO.
              The plan of activities shall include at least the following:

1. Dates and times for all requested flights

2. Name and phone number of ReelSkies sUAS Flight Operations

3. Name, certificate, phone number of the PIC responsible

4. Make, model, and serial number of sUAS to be used

5. Statement from ReelSkies that it will be operating on approved privately owned and
         operated property; the list of those who gave permission shall be made available
         to the inspector upon request.

6. Description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area over which
         flights will be conducted, the relationship of that area to any nearby city, town,
         etc., and the altitudes essential to accomplish the operation

7. Signature of exemption-holder or representative

C. Documents required per 14 CFR §91.9 and §91.203 shall be readily available to
         the PIC any time the aircraft is in operation. These documents shall be made
         available to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

D. ReelSkies shall obtain an Air Traffic Organization (ATO) issued Certificate of
         Waiver or Authorization (COA) prior to conducting any operations under this
         grant of exemption.

E. ReelSkies shall obtain the consent of all persons involved in the operation and
         ensure that only consenting persons be allowed within 500 feet of the Operations
         Area.

Operations

A. The sUAS shall not operate within 5 nautical miles of the geographic center of
         any airport as denoted on the current FAA-published aeronautical chart unless a
         letter of agreement with that airport's management is obtained, and the operation
         is conducted in accordance with a NOTAM as required by the operator's COA.
         This letter of agreement with the airport management shall be made available to
         the Administrator upon request.

B. The sUAS will only operate within the lateral boundaries of approved privately
         owned and operated property. An Operations Area within those boundaries will
         be established for each flight. These areas will be free of unnecessary hazards or
         risks and non-participating personnel.
              The sUAS shall only operate within a pre-defined area of operations that
                  shall be thoroughly inspected by the PIC for buildings, overhangs,
                  obstacles, wires, poles, people, vehicles, shadows, glare, reflective
                  surfaces, clouds, smoke, and terrain among other potential hazards.

C. Flights shall be conducted under day visual meteorological conditions (VMC)
         only.

              In addition, the sUAS shall not be operated less than 500 feet below or
                  less than 2,000 feet horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less
                  than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

              SUAS operations shall not be conducted at night, as defined in
                  14 CFR §1.1.

              Flights shall not be conducted under special visual flight rules (SVFR).

D. Flights shall be operated at an altitude at or below 200 feet AGL, as indicated by
           the procedures specified in ReelSkies sUAS operating manual.

E. Groundspeeds will not exceed 30 knots as indicated by the aircraft GPS.

F. The PIC shall be prohibited from operating the sUAS from any moving device or
         vehicle.

G. The sUAS shall be operated within VLOS of the PIC.

                 The PIC shall maintain VLOS without the aid of telescopes, cameras or
                    other devices.

                 The PIC will maintain VLOS with their own vision, which includes the
                    use of eyeglasses or corrective lenses as specified on the PIC's medical
                    certificate.

H. The sUAS shall remain clear and yield the right of way to manned operations and
         activities at all times including, but not limited to, ultralight vehicles, parachute
         activities, parasailing activities, hang gliders, etc.

I. ReelSkies will require the PIC to have successfully completed a qualification
         process which will include ground and flight training, as outlined in the ReelSkies
         sUAS Operating Manual.

J. The PIC's primary responsibility while in flight is the safe operation of the sUAS.

Flight Time and Flight Durations
The PIC will commence the landing sequence when 25% battery life remains. The
aircraft will automatically return to base when it triggers a low battery warning.

Exemptions from which Regulations

Unless otherwise requesting an exemption, ReelSkies, the PIC, and the sUAS shall
comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to, Parts 45, 47, 61,
and 91.

ReelSkies is requesting exemptions from the following Federal Aviation Regulations to
the extent necessary to enable the requested sUAS operations for the reasons detailed
below.

Relief sought from 14 CFR  ReelSkies Statement
21                         Stated Below
61.113(a) and (b)          Stated Below
91.103
91.119(c)                  Stated Below
91.121                     Stated Below
91.151(a)(1)               Stated Below
91.405(a)                  Stated Below
91.407(a)(1)               Stated Below
91.409(a)(1) and (2)       Stated Below
91.417(a) and (b)          Stated Below
                           Stated Below

14 CFR 21 ­ Requirements to Secure Airworthiness Certificates

1. Certificate exemptions should be given because size, weight, and operation areas of the
         sUAS meet the level of safety necessary for exemption under Section 333 of the
         Reform Act.

2. FAA has the authority to exempt aircraft from airworthiness certificate requirements
         under the Act (49 U.S.C. § 44701 (f)) and Section 333 of the Reform Act.
14 CFR 61.113 (a) and (b) ­ Private Pilot Privileges and Limitations; Pilot in
Command

1. Due to the fact that there are no standards for private or commercial sUAS operations,
         ReelSkies requests to utilize at least private pilots with a third class medical in
         support of its own operations.

2. Knowledge of flight characteristics and the Federal Aviation Regulations (FARs),
         along with the ability to physically manipulate the controls of the sUAS are the
         critical aspects of the requested operation. ReelSkies feels this can be
         accomplished by a private pilot that has specific training on the sUAS aircraft and
         operates in accordance with the ReelSkies sUAS Operating Manual, Federal
         Aviation Regulations, local, state and federal laws.

3. The risks associated with the operation of a sUAS are so diminished from the level of
         risk associated with commercial aviation operations contemplated by Part 61
         when drafted, that allowing operations of the sUAS as requested with a private
         pilot as the PIC exceeds the present level of safety achieved by 14 C.F.R. §61.113
         (a) & (b).

4. Equivalent or better safety levels will be achieved as there will be no human beings on
         board the sUAS aircraft. In addition, people will not be allowed in the area of
         operation.

5. FAA has authority to waive pilot requirements for commercial operations under 49
         U.S.C §44701(f).

14 CFR 91.103 ­ Preflight Action

1. The PIC shall perform a preflight inspection in accordance with the manufacturer's
         recommendations and the ReelSkies sUAS Operating Manual of the controller,
         ground control station and associated equipment prior to each flight to ensure it is
         free of all discrepancies.

2. Equivalent safety levels will be met through preparation and compliance according to
         ReelSkies's sUAS Operating Manual; including but not limited to, weather
         reports, forecasts, wind, temperature, battery requirements and other information,
         relating to aircraft performance, gross weight, shall be considered.

14 CFR 91.119(c) ­ Requirements for Minimum Safe Altitudes for Civil Aircraft
Operation

1. The sUAS will be operated at or below 200 feet AGL.
2. ReelSkies shall obtain the consent of all persons involved in the operation and ensure
         that only consenting persons be allowed within 500 feet of the Operations Area.

3. The sUAS will only operate within the lateral boundaries of approved privately owned
         and operated property. An Operations Area within those boundaries will be
         established for each flight. These areas will be free of unnecessary hazards or
         risks and non- participating personnel.

4. Given the size, weight, speed, material, and operation of the sUAS aircraft, equivalent
         levels of safety will be achieved.

14 CFR 91.121 ­ Altimeter Settings

1. SUAS will not have a barometric altimeter, and may use a GPS altitude read out
           indication instead, so an exemption may be needed.

2. The operator will achieve an equivalent level of safety as the sUAS uses AGL height
         from its initialization/takeoff point.

14 CFR 91.151 (a) (1) ­ Fuel Requirements for Flights in VFR Conditions

1. The FAA has previously issued exemptions for fuel requirements in VFR conditions
           including Exemptions 2689F, 5745, 10673, and 10808.

2. ReelSkies feels an equivalent level of safety can be obtained by terminating the flight
         prior to the following.

Aircraft Fuel (Battery) Requirements

DJI Inspire - 18 minutes which allows for 5 minutes reserve.

1. The DJI Inspire has a second level of safety that is achieved through the use of an
         aircraft battery monitoring system. The aircraft system will alert the operator of
         low battery voltage and return the aircraft to its take off location before battery
         capacity is depleted.

2. ReelSkies will not operate sUAS at night in accordance with 14 CFR 1.1

3. An equivalent level of safety will be achieved because these sUAS are limited in size,
         operational purposes of the sUAS, and shall only fly above approved privately
         owned and operated property at or below 200 feet AGL, it does not bear the same
         risks associated with this section's requirements.

14 CFR 91.405 (a) ­ Maintenance Required This section and Part 43 apply only to
aircraft with an airworthiness certificate; therefore these sections will not apply.
In the absence of regulatory provisions dealing with sUAS operation for maintenance
required. See ReelSkies sUAS Operating Manual, Inspection Program and Manufactures
Maintenance Recommendations for maintenance required.

1. Maintenance shall be accomplished by ReelSkies, pursuant to the manufacturer's
recommendations and ReelSkies sUAS Operating Manual and Inspection Program.

2. Maintenance, preventive maintenance, rebuilding, and alteration will be successfully
         accomplished by trained personnel only.

3. The ReelSkies sUAS Operating Manual and Inspection Program details how to enter
         worked preformed in the maintenance log for scheduled, unscheduled
         maintenance or functional test flights that are performed.

4. ReelSkies shall only operate its sUAS with all systems functioning per manufactures
         specification in a discrepancy free condition.

5. These records will be maintained at the principle base for operation for the life of the
         aircraft or as required by Federal Aviation Regulations.

ReelSkies and the Aircraft Manufacturer (DJI) are the most familiar with the aircraft and
best suited to maintain the aircraft in an airworthy condition. This maintenance process
allows for an equivalent level of safety to be achieved due to the limited size, scope and
area of operations.

14 CFR 91.407 (a) (1) ­ Operation after Maintenance, Preventive Maintenance,
Rebuilding or Alteration

This section and Part 43 apply only to aircraft with an airworthiness certificate; therefore
these sections will not apply.

In the absence of regulatory provisions dealing with sUAS operation after maintenance,
preventive maintenance, rebuilding, alteration or functional test flights, ReelSkies has
developed requirements to address these topics. See ReelSkies sUAS Operating Manual,
Inspection Program and Manufactures User Guides.

1. Maintenance will be accomplished by ReelSkies pursuant to the manufacturer's
         recommendations and ReelSkies sUAS Operating Manual and Inspection
         Program.

2. Maintenance, preventive maintenance, rebuilding, and alteration will be successfully
         accomplished by trained personnel only.

3. Functional test flights will be performed by the PIC when required, the sUAS shall
         only be returned to service when this functional test flight is successfully
         completed. If a mechanical issue arises the sUAS can land safely or be recovered
         within the Operations Area.

4. The ReelSkies sUAS Operating Manual details how to enter in the maintenance log
         scheduled and unscheduled maintenance or functional test flights that are
         performed.

5. ReelSkies shall only operate its sUAS with all systems functioning per manufactures
         specification in a discrepancy free condition.

6. These records will be maintained at the principle base for operation for the life of the
aircraft or as required by Federal Aviation Regulations.

ReelSkies and the Aircraft Manufacturer (DJI) are the most familiar with the aircraft and
best suited to maintain the aircraft in an airworthy condition. These maintenance
procedures allow for an equivalent level of safety to be achieved due to the limited size,
scope and area of operations.

14 CFR 91.409 (a) (1) and (2) ­ Inspections This section and Part 43 apply only to
aircraft with an airworthiness certificate; therefore these sections will not apply.

In the absence of regulatory provisions dealing with sUAS inspections, ReelSkies has
developed requirements to address this topic. See ReelSkies sUAS Operating Manual,
Inspection Program and the Manufactures User Guides.

1. Maintenance will be accomplished by ReelSkies pursuant to the manufacturer's
         recommendations and ReelSkies sUAS Operating Manual and Inspection
         Program.

2. Maintenance, preventive maintenance, rebuilding, and alteration will be successfully
         accomplished by trained personnel only.

3. The ReelSkies sUAS Operating Manual details how to enter into the maintenance log
         all inspections that are performed.

4. Functional test flight will be performed by the PIC when required after inspections, the
         sUAS shall be returned to service when the flight is successfully completed. If a
         mechanical issue arises the sUAS can land safely or be recovered within the
         Operations Area.

5. ReelSkies shall only operate its sUAS with all systems functioning per manufactures
         specification in a discrepancy free condition.

6. These records will be maintained at the principle base for operation for the life of the
         aircraft or as required by Federal Aviation Regulations.

ReelSkies and the Aircraft Manufacturer (DJI) are the most familiar with the aircraft and
best suited to maintain the aircraft in an airworthy condition. These maintenance
inspections allow for an equivalent level of safety to be achieved due to the limited size,
scope and area of operations.

14 CFR 91.417(a) and (b) ­ Maintenance Records This section and Part 43 apply
only to aircraft with an airworthiness certificate; therefore these sections will not apply.

In the absence of regulatory provisions dealing with sUAS maintenance records,
ReelSkies has developed requirements to address this topic. See ReelSkies sUAS
Operating Manual and Inspection Program.

1. Maintenance will be accomplished by ReelSkies pursuant to the manufacturer's
         recommendations and ReelSkies sUAS Operating Manual.

2. Maintenance, preventive maintenance, rebuilding, and alteration maintenance
         recording keeping will be performed by trained personnel and entered in the
         respective aircraft maintenance log at completion of each event. The ReelSkies
         sUAS Operating Manual details how entries are to be made in the aircraft
         maintenance log for scheduled and unscheduled maintenance or functional test
         flights that are performed.

3. These records will be maintained at the principle base for operation for the life of the
         aircraft or as required by Federal Aviation Regulations.

ReelSkies and the Aircraft Manufacturer (DJI) are the most familiar with the aircraft and
best suited to maintain the aircraft in an airworthy condition. These maintenance records
allow for an equivalent level of safety to be achieved due to the limited size, scope and
area of operations.
