July 20, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12087
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­0451

Mr. Robert Rees
Rees Aerials, LLC
10404 East Pierce Lane
Spokane, WA 99206

Dear Mr. Rees:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.
By letter dated February 13, 2015,1 you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration
(FAA) on behalf of Rees Aerials, LLC (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption.
The exemption would allow the petitioner to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to
conduct aerial photography and inspections.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner are the DJI Phantom 2 Vision + and DJI Inspire 1.

1 By email dated July 6, 2015, the petitioner responded to the FAA's request for information.
                                                                                                                 2

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21 and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

· They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

· The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

· A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Rees Aerials, LLC is granted an exemption from
14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c),
91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to
the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Rees Aerials, LLC is hereafter referred to as the operator.
                                                                                                                 3

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom 2
         Vision + and DJI Inspire 1when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload.
         Proposed operations of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to
         amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
         must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
         documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
         Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
         limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
         the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
         Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
         documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
         operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
                                                                                                            4

    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    Government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
                                                                                                            5

    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least 5 minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.
                                                                                                               6

   23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
       any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
       PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
       These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
       official upon request.

   24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
       activities at all times.

   25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

   26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
       persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
          a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
             from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
             that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
             where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
             the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
             of nonparticipating persons; and
          b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
             for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
             the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
             present an undue hazard.

       The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
       nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

   27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
       permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
       Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
       obtained for each flight to be conducted.

   28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
       boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
       to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
       reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
       contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

   29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
       as documented in this grant of exemption.
                                                                                                                 7

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.

This exemption terminates on July 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
 
U.S. Department of Transportation  
Docket Management System 
1200 New Jersey Avenue SE  
Washington, D.C. 20590 
 

         Re:  Exemption Request; Section 333 of the FAA Modernization & Reform Act and Part 11 of 
                   the Federal Aviation Regulations from 14 C.F.R. 45.23(b);14 CFR Part 21;14 CFR 61.113 
                   (a) & (b); 91.7 (a); 91.9 (b) (2); 91.103(b); 91.109; 91.119; 91.121; 91.151 (a); 91.203(a) 
                   & (b); 91.405 (a); 91.407(a) (1); 91.409 (a) (2); 91.417 (a) & (b). 

 
Dear Sir or Madam: 
 

         Petitioner hereby petitions the Secretary of Transportation and Federal Aviation Administration  
("FAA") for exemption to the above referenced and below more fully described Federal Aviation 
Regulations, ("FARs") that currently may or may not apply to the recreational/business operations of 
model aircraft including small unmanned aerial vehicles/systems  ("SUAVs"). 
 
1.  Prefatory Statement to Petition 
 

         In June, 1981, the FAA published an advisory circular, AC 9157, (an advisory publication giving 
nonregulatory information/guidance. Advisory circulars do not create or change regulations and are not 
binding on the public.)  AC 9157 was entitled "Model Aircraft Operating Standards" and gave non
regulatory suggestions to model aircraft operators on suggested procedures for operating their models.  
This was the sole publication by the FAA which addressed model aircraft and SUAVs for the next nearly 
25 years. 
 

         In September 2005, the FAA appeared to turn its attention toward unprecedented attempts at 
regulating model aircraft specifically the more modern SUAVs. The FAA, for the first time in history now 
termed these devises as Unmanned Aerial Systems ("UAS") seemingly to align with their attempts at 
enforcement.  The FAA published "AFS400 UAS POLICY 0501  Unmanned Aircraft Systems Operations 
in the U. S. National Airspace System  Interim Operational Approval Guidance."  This interim internal 
FAA memo expressly confirms that "[t]his policy is not meant as a substitute for any regulatory process."  
Still, it purported to "require" a Certificate of Authorization ("COA") or Waiver to use SUAVs.  The new 
FAA policy relied on legal/regulatory "authority" on the nonregulatory, AC 9157. 
 

         In February, 2007 the FAA, published a 2007 "policy statement" in the Federal Register. The 
2007 Policy Statement starts by defining "unmanned aircraft" as "a device that is used or intended to be 
used, for flight in the air with no onboard pilot" and it purported to include "a remotely controlled 
model airplane used for recreational purposes."  The FAA termed these devices UAS and then purported 
to articulate the new FAA "policy" for "UAS" operations was that "no person may operate a "UAS" in the 
National Airspace System without specific authority." For the first time ever, the 2007 Notice purported 
to articulate two new alleged "rules": (1) Model aircraft can no longer be operated for a "business" 
purpose; and (2) a Model aircraft operated for a business purpose requires a COA, or special Certificate 
of Operating Authority and therefore is subject to the FARs. 
 

         Thereafter, beginning in 2007, and continuing to present, apparently based on these two new 
FAA internal "policies" and without citing to any actual federal law, or FARs, the FAA then sent various 
cease and desist notices to model aircraft SUAV operators describing the COA process and threatening 
to impose a $10,000 fine if they did not comply with the new FAA policies which the FAA indicated 
created a "ban" on using SUAVs for any "business purpose." 
 

         In 2012, following the FAA's attempts to regulate using internal policy memos, Congress enacted 
the Federal Aviation Administration Reform and Modernization Act, ["FRMA"].  The FRMA allows the 
Secretary of Transportation to "exempt" SUAVs from existing Federal Law, FARs to the extent any 
federal law or FAR actually currently applies to SUAVs. 
 

         Petitioner at all times has and operates his SUAVs following the safety guidelines of AC 9157. 
 
2.  Petition for Exemption 
 

         With the above preface, pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 
2012 ("FMRA") and 14 C.F.R. Part 11, Rees Aerials, LLC, hereafter referred to as Rees Aerials,  developer 
and operator of  Small Unmanned Aerial Vehicles ("SUAVs") equipped to conduct aerial 
photography/Inspection included but not limited to the following;   Business Operations: over land, 
waterways, and oceans; operation over/in nonrestricted National Parks, National Forests, flight in non
navigable airspace, using nonintrusive recording devices, operation in otherwise unrestricted U.S. 
States/Territories  hereby applies for an exemption from the listed Federal Aviation Regulations ("FARs") 
to allow commercial operation of its SUAVs, so long as such operations are conducted within and under 
the conditions outlined herein or as may be established by the FAA as required by Section 333. 
 

         As described more fully below, the requested exemption would permit the operation of SUAVs 
under controlled conditions in airspace that is 1) limited; 2) predetermined; and 3) controlled as to 
access. The exemption would also provide safety enhancements to the already safe operations within 
the aerial photography, film and television industry presently using conventional aircraft and small, 
unmanned and relatively inexpensive SUAVs. 
 

         Approval of this exemption would thereby enhance safety and fulfill the Secretary of 
Transportation's  (the FAA Administrator's)  responsibilities to "...establish requirements for the safe 
operation of such aircraft systems in the national airspace system." Section 333(c) of the FMRA. 
 
3. Name and Address of the Petitioner 
 
Rees Aerials, LLC  
Attn: Robert Rees 
Ph: 5097010086 
Email:  robert@reesaerials.com 
Address: 10404 E Pierce Ln, Spokane, WA  99206 
 
  
4. Regulations Petitioner Petitions for Exemption, If Such Regulations Apply to SUAVs 

   14 CFR Part 21               14 C.F.R. 91.109                   14 CFR 91.405 (a)
   14 C.F.R. 45.23(b)           14 C.F.R. 91.119                   14 CFR 407 (a) (1)
   14 CFR 61.113 (a) & (b)      14 C.F.R. 91.121                   14 CFR 409 (a) (2)
   14 C.F.R. 91.7 (a)           14 CFR 91.151 (a)                  14 CFR 417 (a) & (b)
   14 CFR 91.9 (b) (2)          14 CFR 91.203 (a) & (b)
   14 C.F.R. 91.103

 

   This exemption application is expressly submitted to fulfill Congress' goal in passing Section 333 

(a) through (c) of the Reform Act.  This law directs the Secretary of Transportation to consider whether 

certain unmanned aircraft systems may operate safely in the national airspace system ("NAS") before 

completion of the rulemaking required under Section 332 of the FMRA.  In making this determination, 

the Secretary is required to determine which types of SUAVs/UASs do not create a hazard to users of the 

NAS, or the public, or pose a threat to national security in light of the following: 

 

   A. The SUAVs size, weight, speed, and operational capability; 

   B. Operation of the SUAVs in close proximity to airports and populated areas; 

   C. Operation of the SUAVs within visual line of sight of the operator. FMRA §333 (a). 

 

   Lastly, if the Secretary determines that such vehicles "may operate safely in the national 

airspace system, the Secretary shall establish requirements for the safe operation of such aircraft in the 

national airspace system." Id. §333(c) (emphasis added). The Petitioner interprets this provision to place 

the duty on the Secretary/FAA 

 

Administrator to not only process applications for exemptions under section 333, but for the 

Secretary/Administrator  to affirmatively craft conditions for the safe operation of the SUAVs, if it should 

be determined that the conditions set forth herein do not fulfill the statutory requirements for approval. 

 

   The Federal Aviation Act expressly grants the Secretary/FAA Administrator the authority to issue 

exemptions.  This statutory authority, by its terms, includes exempting civil aircraft, as the term is 

defined under §40101 of the Act, which currently may or hereafter may include SUAVs, from the 

requirement that all civil aircraft must have a current airworthiness certificate. 

 

   The Secretary/FAA Administrator may grant an exemption from a requirement of a regulation 

prescribed under subsection (a) or (b) of this section or any sections 4470244716 of this title if the 
Secretary/FAA Administrator finds the exemption in the public interest.  49 U.S.C. §44701 (f). See also 49 
USC §44711(a); 49 USC §44704; 14 CFR §91.203 (a) (1). 
 

         Rees Aerials' SUAVs are multirotorcraft equipped with an on board NAZA computer 
stabilization controller and GPS, weighting 55 lbs or less and most typically less than 20 lbs., including 
camera/payload. Mr. Robert Rees, the Chief Pilot of Rees Aerials, holds a current Commercial Pilots 
License with Rotorcraft and Instrument ratings.  The SUAVS operate, under normal conditions, at speeds 
of 540 KIAS and at a speed of no more than 50 KIAS and have the capability to hover and move in the 
vertical and horizontal plane independently/simultaneously.   They will operate in line of sight and will 
operate only within the areas described herein.  Such operations will insure that the SUAVs will "not 
create a hazard to users of the NAS or the "public" as described in the FMRA §333(b). 
 

         Given the small size of the SUAVs involved, and the limited environment within which they will 
operate, the Petitioner falls squarely within that zone of safety (an equivalent level of safety) in which 
Congress envisioned that the FAA must, by exemption, allow commercial operations of SUAVS to 
commence immediately.  Also, due to the size of the SUAVs and the restricted areas in which the 
relevant SUAVs will operate, approval of the application presents no national security issue. 
 

         Given the clear direction in FMRA §333, the authority contained in the Federal Aviation Act, as 
amended, the strong equivalent level of safety surrounding the proposed operations, and the significant 
public benefit, including enhanced safety, reduction in environmental impacts (including reduced 
emissions associated with allowing SUAVs for filming operations rather than fullsized aircraft, the grant 
of the requested exemptions is in the public interest. Accordingly, the Petitioner respectfully requests 
that the FAA grant the requested exemption without delay. 
 
5.  Limitations and Conditions 
 

         The Petitioner proposes that the exemption requested herein be issued pursuant the limitations 
and conditions listed herein. These conditions/limitations provide for an even higher level of safety to 
operations under the current regulatory structure which apply to actual certificated aircraft because the 
proposed operations represent a safety enhancement to the already very safe SUAVs filming operations 
conducted by recreational SUAVs and conventional aircraft.  
 

         These limitations and conditions to which Rees Aerials agrees to be bound when conducting 
business/commercial operations under this FAA issued exemption include: 
 

         A. The SUAVs maximum takeoff weight ("MTOW") will be less than 55 lbs., usually less than 25 
              lbs. 

          
         B.  Flights will be operated within the line of sight of the Operator and/or observer. Maximum 

              total flight time for each operational flight will be 60 minutes or less. Flights will be 
              terminated and not less than 10% battery power reserve, which should that occur prior to 
              the 60 minute limit. 
          
         C. Flights will be conducted with no less than one Pilot in Command (PIC) overseeing flight 
              operations that is in possession of a current FAA Private Pilot or Commercial Pilot 
              Certificate.   
          
         D. Flights will be operated at an altitude of no more than 500 feet above ground level ("AGL") 
              underneath navigable airspace.   Minimum crew for each business operation will consist of 
              the SUAVs' Operator, the Visual Observer/Camera Operator, if required for the operation.  
              Flights will not be operated in Class A, B, C, or D airspace but may be operated in class E and 
              G airspace, provided the SUAVs Operator/Observer maintains visual line of sight with the 
              SUAVs and safe separation from actual certificated aircraft in the airspace. 
          
         E. Briefing will be conducted in regard to the planned SUAVs operations prior to each day's 
              production activities.   It will be mandatory that all personnel who will be either Operator or 
              visual observer/camera operator be present for this briefing.  The Operator will review 
              weather, flight battery requirements, landing and takeoff distances and aircraft 
              performance data before initiation of flight.  The SUAVs and batteries to be used will be 
              safety inspected prior to flight using appropriate checklists. 
          
         F. The Operator will attempt to obtain the consent of all persons involved in the filming and 
              ensure that only consenting persons will be allowed within 25 feet of the flight operation. 
          
         G. Operator and observer/camera operator will have been trained in operation of SUAVs 
              generally and received uptodate information on the particular SUAVs to be operated. 
          
         H. Operator and Observer/Camera Operator shall at all times during flight operation, be in 
              direct voice/radio communication. 
          
         I. Written and/or oral permission from the relevant property holders may be obtained.  All 
              required permissions and permits may be obtained from territorial, state, county or city 
              jurisdictions, including local law enforcement, fire, or other appropriate governmental 
              agencies. If the SUAVs loses communications  or loses its GPS signal, the UAS will have 
              capability to return to home/predetermined  location within the Security Perimeter and 
              land. 
          
         J. The SUAVs will have the capability to abort a flight, in case of unpredicted obstacles or 
              emergencies.   The Operator shall carry/use appropriate LIPO battery protective bags and 
              fire extinguishing equipment. 
 
6.  Description of Regulations Which May Apply From Which Petitioner Requests Exception 14 C.F.R. 
Part 21, Subpart H:  Airworthiness Certificates 14 C.F.R. 
§91.203 (a) (1) 
 

         Subpart H, entitled Airworthiness Certificates, establishes the procedural requirements for the 
issuance of airworthiness certificates as required by FAR §91.203 (a) (1).  Given the size and limited 
operating area associated with the SUAVs to be utilized by the Petitioner, an exemption from Part 21 
Subpart H meets the requirements of an equivalent level of safety under Part 11 and Section 333 of the 
FMRA.  The Federal Aviation Act (49 U.S.C.§44701 (f)) and Section 333 of the FMRA both authorize the 
FAA to exempt aircraft from the requirement for an airworthiness certificate, upon consideration of the 
size, weight, speed, operational capability, and proximity to airports and populated areas of the 
particular SUAVs.  In all cases, an analysis of these criteria demonstrates that the UAS operated without 
an airworthiness certificate, in the  restricted environment and under the conditions proposed will be at 
least as safe, or safer, than a conventional aircraft (fixed wing or rotorcraft) operating with an 
airworthiness certificate without the restrictions and conditions proposed. 
 

         The SUAVs to be operated hereunder is less than 55 lbs. fully loaded, is by definition unmanned 
and carries neither a pilot nor passenger, carries no explosive materials or flammable liquid fuels, and 
operates exclusively within a limited flight area. Unlike other civil aircraft, operations under this 
exemption will be tightly controlled and monitored by the Operator and will also remain within the 
requirements of, and in compliance with, local public safety requirements.  These safety enhancements, 
which already apply to civil aircraft provide a greater degree of safety to the public and property owners 
than conventional operations conducted with airworthiness certificates issued under 14 C.F.R. Part 21, 
Subpart H.  Lastly, application of these same criteria demonstrates that there is no credible threat to 
national security posed by the UAS due to its size, speed of operation, location of operation, lack of 
explosive materials or flammable liquid fuels, and inability to carry a substantial external load. 
 
14 C.F.R. § 45.23 (b). Marking of the Aircraft 
 

         The regulation requires; When marks include only the Roman capital letter "N" and the 
registration number is displayed on limited, restricted or lightsport category aircraft or experimental or 
provisionally certificated aircraft, the operator must also display on that aircraft near each entrance to 
the cabin, cockpit, or pilot station, in letters not less than 2 inches nor more than 6 inches high, the 
words "limited," "restricted," "lightsport," "experimental," or "provisional," as applicable. 
 

         Even though the SUAVs will have no airworthiness certificate, an exemption may be needed as 
the SUAVs will have no entrance to the cabin, cockpit or pilot station on which the word "Experimental" 
can be placed.  Given the size of the SUAVs, twoinch lettering will be impossible.  The word 
"Experimental" will be placed on the fuselage in compliance with §45.29 (f).  The equivalent level of 
safety will be provided by having the SUAVs marked on its fuselage as required by §45.29 (f) where the 
pilot, observer and others working with the SUAVs will see the identification of the SUAVs as 
"Experimental."  The FAA has issued the following exemptions to this regulation to Exemptions Nos. 
10700,  8738, 10167 and 10167A. 
 
14 C.F.R. § 61.113 (a) & (b): Private Pilot Privileges and Limitations: Operator. 
 

         Sections 61.113 (a) & (b) limit private pilots to noncommercial operations. Because the SUAVs 
is unmanned and will not carry a pilot or passengers, the proposed operations can achieve the 
equivalent level of safety of current operations by requiring the Operator operating the aircraft to have 
a FAA ground school course rather than a commercial pilot's license to operate this small SUAVs.  Unlike 
a conventional aircraft that carries the pilot and passengers, the SUAVs are remotely controlled with no 
living thing on board.  The area of operation is controlled and restricted, and all flights are planned and 
coordinated in advance.  The level of safety provided by the requirements included herein exceed that 
provided by a single individual holding a commercial pilot's certificate operating a conventional aircraft.  
The risks associated with the operation of the SUAVs are so diminished from the level of risk associated 
with commercial operations contemplated by Part 61 when drafted, that allowing operations of the 
SUAVs as requested with a private pilot as the Operator exceeds the present level of safety achieved by 
14 C.F.R. §61.113 (a) & (b). 
 
14 C.F.R. §91.7(a): Civil aircraft airworthiness. 
 

         The regulation requires that no person may operate a civil aircraft unless it is in airworthy 
condition.  As there will be no airworthiness certificate issued for the aircraft, should this exemption be 
granted, no FAA regulatory standard will exist for determining airworthiness.  Given the size of the 
aircraft and the requirements contained herein for the use of safety check lists prior to each flight, an 
equivalent level of safety will be provided. 
 
14 C.F.R. § 91.9 (b) (2): Civil Aircraft Flight Manual in the Aircraft. 
 

         Section 91.9 (b) (2) provides: No person may operate a U.S.registered civil aircraft .. 
 

         (2)  For which an Airplane or Rotorcraft Flight Manual is not required by §21.5 of this chapter, 
unless there is available in the aircraft a current approved airplane or Rotorcraft Flight Manual, 
approved manual material, markings, and placards, or any combination thereof. 
 

         The SUAVS, given its size and configuration has no ability or place to carry such a flight manual 
on the aircraft, not only because there is no pilot on board, but because there is no room or capacity to 
carry such an item on the aircraft. 
 

         The equivalent level of safety will be maintained by keeping the SUAVs operation manual and 
appropriate checklists at the ground control point where the pilot flying the SUAVs will have immediate 
access to it.  The FAA has issued the following exemptions to this regulation: Exemption Nos. 8607, 
8737, 8738, 9299, 9299A, 9565,95658, 10167, 10167A, 10602, 32827, and 10700. 
 
14 C.F.R. § 91.103: Preflight action 
 

         This regulation requires each pilot in command to take certain actions before flight to insure the 
safety of flight.  As FAA approved rotorcraft flight manuals will not be provided for the aircraft an 
exemption will be needed.  An equivalent level of safety will be provided as set forth hereinabove.  The 
Operator will take all actions including reviewing weather, flight battery requirements, landing and 
takeoff distances and aircraft performance data before initiation of flight using appropriate checklists. 
 
14 C.F.R. §91.109: Flight instruction: 
 

         Section 91.103 provides that no person may operate a civil aircraft (except a manned free 
balloon) that is being used for flight instruction unless that aircraft has fully functioning dual controls. 
 

         SUAVs and remotely piloted aircraft, by their design do not have fully functional dual controls.   
Flight control is accomplished through the use of a radio transmitter that communicates with the 
aircraft via a receiver in the SUAVs.  The FAA has approved exemptions for flight training without fully 
functional dual controls for a number of aircraft and for flight instruction in experimental aircraft. See 
Exemption Nos.5778K & 9862A.  The equivalent level of safety provided by the fact that neither a pilot 
nor passengers will be carried in the aircraft and by the size and speed of the aircraft. 
 
14 C.F.R. §91.119: Minimum safe altitudes 
 

         Section 91.119 establishes safe altitudes for operation of civil aircraft.  Section 91.119 (d) allows 
helicopters to be operated at less than the minimums prescribed, provided the person operating the 
helicopter complies with any route or altitudes prescribed for helicopters by the FAA. This exemption is 
for a SUAVS and the exemption requests authority to operate at altitudes up to 500 AGL underneath 
navigable airspace and in class E and G airspace maintaining safe separation from actual aircraft, an 
exemption may be needed to allow such operations. 
 

         The equivalent level of safety will be achieved given the size, weight, speed of the UAS as well as 
the location where it is operated.  No flight will be taken without the permission of the property owner 
or local officials.   Because of the advance notice to the property owner and participants in the filming 
activity, attempts will be made to contact all affected individuals regarding the planned flight 
operations.   Compared to flight operations with aircraft or rotorcraft weighting far more than the 
maximum 551bs. proposed herein, and the lack of flammable fuel, any risk associated with these 
operations is far less than those presently presented with conventional aircraft.   In 
addition, the lowaltitude operations of the SUAVs will ensure separation between these SUAVs 
operations and the operations of conventional aircraft that must comply with Section 91.119. 
 
14 C.F.R. §91.121 Altimeter Settings 
 
         This regulation requires each person operating an aircraft to maintain cruising altitude by 
reference to an altimeter that is set " ...to the elevation of the departure airport or an appropriate 
altimeter setting available before departure."  As the SUAVs may not have a barometric altimeter, but 
instead a GPS altitude read out, an exemption may be needed. An equivalent level of safety will be 
achieved by the operator, pursuant to the Manual and Safety Check list, confirming the altitude of the 
launch site shown on the GPS altitude indicator before flight. 
 
14 C.F.R. § 91.151(a):  Fuel Requirements for Flight in VFR Conditions 
 

         Section 91.151 (a) prohibits an individual from beginning "a flight in an airplane under VFR 
conditions unless (considering wind and forecast weather conditions) there is enough fuel to fly to the 
first point of intended landing, and, assuming normal cruising speed  (1) During the day, to fly after that 
for at least 30 minutes; or (2) At night, to fly after that for at least 45 minutes." 
 

         The battery powering the SUAVs provides approximately between 1060 minutes of powered 
flight.  To meet the 30 minute reserve requirement in 14 CFR §91.151, SUAVs flights would be limited to 
approximately 10 minutes in length.  Given the limitations on the SUAVs proposed flight area and the 
location of its proposed operations within a predetermined area, a longer time frame for flight in 
daylight or night VFR conditions is reasonable. 
 

         Petitioner believes that an exemption from 14 CFR §91.151(a) falls within the scope of prior 
exemptions.   See Exemption 10673 (allowing Lockheed Martin Corporation to operate without 
compliance with FAR 91.151 (a)).  Operating the SUAVs in controlled area where only people and 
property owners or official representatives who have signed waivers will be allowed, with less than 30 
minutes of flight operation time, does not give rise to the type of risks that Section 91.151(a) was 
intended to alleviate particularly given the size and speed of the SUAVs.  Additionally, limiting SUAV 
flights to 20 minutes would greatly reduce the utility for which the exemption will be granted. 
 

         Petitioner believes that an equivalent level of safety can be achieved by limiting flights to 60 
minutes or no less than 10% of battery power, whichever happens first. This restriction would be more 
than adequate to return the SUAVs to its planned landing zone from anywhere within its limited 
operating area. 
 

         Similar exemptions have been granted to other operations, including Exemptions 2689F, 5745, 
10673, and 10808. 
 
14 C.F.R. §91.203 (a) and (b):  Carrying Civil Aircraft Certification and Registration 
 
The regulation provides in pertinent part: 
 

    (a) Except as provided in § 91.715, no person may operate a civil aircraft unless it has within it the 
         following: 
 
    (1)  An appropriate and current airworthiness certificate . . . . 

 
    (b)  No person may operate a civil aircraft unless the airworthiness certificate required by 
         paragraph (a) of this section or a special flight authorization  issued under§91.715 is displayed at 
         the cabin or cockpit entrance so that it is legible to passengers or crew. 

 
    The SUAVs fully loaded weighs no more than 55 lbs and typically less than 20 lbs. And is operated 

without an onboard pilot.  As such, there is no ability or place to carry certification and registration 
documents or to display them on the SUAVs. 
 

    An equivalent level of safety will be achieved by keeping these documents at the ground control 
point where the operator/pilot flying the SUAVs will have immediate access to them, to the extent they 
are applicable to the SUAVs.  The FAA has issued numerous exemptions to this regulation.  A 
representative sample of other exceptions includes Exemption Nos. 9565, 9665, 9789, 9789A, 9797, 
9797A, 9816A, and 10700. 
 
14 C.F.R. §91.405 (a); 407 (a) (1); 409 (a) (2); 417(a) & (b):  Maintenance Inspections 
 

         These regulations require that an aircraft operator or owner "shall have that aircraft inspected 
as prescribed in subpart E of this part and shall between required inspections, except as provided in 
paragraph © of this section, have discrepancies repaired as prescribed in part 43 of this chapter...," and 
others shall inspect or maintain the aircraft in compliance with Part 43. 
 

         Given that these section and Part 43 apply only to aircraft with an airworthiness certificate, and 
the requirements of preflight inspection required herein, these sections will not apply to the applicant.   
Routine and preflight maintenance will be accomplished by the operator.  An equivalent level of safety 
will be achieved because these SUAVs are very limited in size and will carry a very small payload and 
operate only in restricted areas for limited periods of time.   If mechanical issues arise the SUAVs can 
land immediately and given its small size poses very little risk to persona or property.  The operator will 
ensure that the SUAVs is in working order prior to initiating flight, perform required maintenance, and 
keep a log of any maintenance performed.  Moreover, the operator is the person most familiar with the 
aircraft and best suited to maintain the aircraft in an airworthy condition to provide the equivalent level 
of safety. 
 
7.  Publication Summary 
 

         Pursuant to 14 C.F.R. Part 11, the following summary is provided for publication in the Federal 
Register, should it be determined that publication is needed: 
 
Petitioner seeks an exemption from the following rules: 
 
         14 C.F.R. §21, subpart H; 14 C.F.R 45.23(b);14 C.F.R. §§ 61.113( a) & (b);91.7 
         (a); 91.9 (b) (2);91.103(b);91.109; 91.119; 91.121; 91.151(a);91.203(a) and (b); 
         91.405 (a); 91.407 (a) (1); 91.409 (a) (2); 91.409 (a) (2) and 91.417 (a) & (b) to 
         operate commercially a SUAVS vehicle (551bs or less) for Aerial Photography Operations. 
 
         Approval of exemptions allowing commercial operations of SUAVs for aerial 
photography/Inspection  for the following;   Business Operations: over land, waterways, and oceans; 
operation over/in nonrestricted National Parks, National Forests, flight in nonnavigable airspace, using 
nonintrusive recording devices, operation in otherwise unrestricted US States/Territories will enhance 
safety by reducing risk.  Conventional film operations, using jet or piston power aircraft, operate at 
extremely low altitudes, just feet from the subject being filmed, and in extreme proximity to people and 
structures; and present the risks associated with vehicles that weigh in the neighborhood of 4,000 lbs., 
carrying large amounts of jet A or other fuel.  In addition such actual certificated aircraft must fly to and 
from the film location.  In contrast, a SUAVs weighing fewer than 55 lbs., and powered by batteries 
rather than fuel, eliminates virtually all of that risk. The SUAV is driven/carried to the film set, not flown. 
The SUAVS will carry no passengers or crew and, therefore, will not expose any crew to the risks 
associated with manned aircraft flights. 
 
         The operation of SUAVs, weighing less than 55 lbs., conducted in the strict conditions outlined 
above, will provide at least an equivalent level of safety supporting the grant of the exemptions 
requested herein, including exempting the Petitioner from the requirements of Part 21 and allowing 
commercial operations.  These lightweight aircraft operate at slow speeds, close to the ground, and in a 
line of sight, relatively sterile environment and are, as a result, far safer than conventional operations 
conducted with actual aircraft/helicopters operating in close proximity to the ground and people. 
 
8. Privacy 
 
         All business/commercial flights which occur over private or controlled access property will be 
with the property owner's prior consent and knowledge. Filming will be of people who have also 
consented to being filmed or otherwise have agreed to be in the area where filming will take place. 
Petitioner will not infringe on any individual or landowner privacy rights. 
 
         Limited nighttime operations may be conducted.   Nighttime as defined FARs in Section is as 
follows  1.1. "Night means the time between the end of evening civil twilight and the beginning of 
morning civil twilight, as published in the American Air Almanac, converted to local time." Night 
operations may be conducted by the SUAVs following the guidelines above and provided such 
operations have sufficient lighting so that Petitioner/Operator maintains visual line of sight.  Allowing 
SUAVs this exemption will provide a far safer nighttime filming alternative to the current full size aircraft 
operations. 
 
9. Conclusion 
 
         The FAA's purported "ban" on business/commercial Model Aircraft/UAVs operations has 
actually had the current effect of causing American skies to be less safe.  There are many actual 
certificated pilots who are exceptionally qualified to fly model aircraft/SUAVs with their model 
aircraft/SUAVs experience, private, commercial or ATP pilot training, licenses and instructor ratings. 
However, these experienced operators and licensed pilots familiar with the FARs, airspace and safe 
operating procedures are currently reluctant to commercially operate model aircraft/SUAVs or be 
involved, for fear of the FAA seeking an enforcement action against them or their actual pilot's licenses. 
 

         Presently, and especially with the judgment being accepted in the Pirker case, it defies safety or 
regulatory logic that according to the FAA's current "ban" on business operations of SUAVs, your 
average enthusiastic 12 year old, who's wellmeaning Father bought him a quadcopter SUAV equipped 
with a camera, can operate his SUAV wherever he wants and take whatever recreational video/pictures 
subject only to the suggestions of FAA AC 9157 and yet an FAA certificated private/commercial/ATP 
pilot cannot be paid to use far higher quality and equipped SUAVs to take an aerial photo, search for 
missing persona or aerially inspect a farmer's field, despite the significant improvement in safety over 
nonpilots operating SUAVs recreationally and real aircraft used for aerial photography. 
 

         Satisfaction of the criteria provided in Section 333 of the FMRA of 2012, and requiring the 
SUAV's Operator to have or obtain medical a certificate and an actual pilot's license and considering the 
small size, weight, speed, operating capabilities, limited operations in proximity to airports and 
populated areas and operation within visual line of sight and national security  all of which provide 
more than adequate justification for the grant of the requested exemptions allowing business 
/commercial operation of applicant's SUAVs for aerial photography/inspection as requested herein. 
 
 
 
Signed:  
