September 11, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12828
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA-2015-1847

Mr. Robert B. Schneider
Research Laboratories, Inc.
2010 Jimmy Durante Boulevard
Del Mar, CA 92192

Dear Mr. Schneider:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated May 6, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of Research Laboratories, Inc. (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption.
The petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct aerial
imaging and information services for the residential, commercial, and industrial sectors, and
closed-set motion picture, television, and film production operations.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a DJI Phantom 2.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
                                                                                                                 2

consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1 and closed set motion picture and
filming. The FAA has issued grants of exemption in circumstances similar in all material
respects to those presented in your petition. In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus
Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352), 11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and
11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the
enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned aircraft (UA) with the specifications described
by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or crew, rather than a manned aircraft of
significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA
good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

· They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

· The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

· A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Research Laboratories, Inc. is granted an exemption
from 14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a),
91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a)
and (b), to the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data
collection and closed set motion picture and filming. This exemption is subject to the
conditions and limitations listed below.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                             3

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Research Laboratories, Inc. is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom 2
    when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any
    other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming
    are permitted.

3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
    exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
    compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
    airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
    aircraft manufacturer.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
    electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
    must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
    required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
                                                                                                            4

    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
                                                                                                            5

    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
                                                                                                               6

       (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
       be as large as practicable.

   23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
       any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
       PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
       These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
       official upon request.

   24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
       activities at all times.

   25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

   26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
       persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
          a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
             from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
             that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
             where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
             the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
             of nonparticipating persons; and
          b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
             for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
             the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
             present an undue hazard.

       The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
       nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

   27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
       permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
       Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
       obtained for each flight to be conducted.

   28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
       boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
       to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
       reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
       contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.
                                                                                                                 7

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.

This exemption terminates on September 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
Date: 05/08/2015
Number:202-493-2251
SendTo: DocketOperations
Attention: SirorMadam
OfficeLocation:
DocketOperationsRoomW12-140
oftheWestBuildingGroundFloor
at1200NewJerseyAvenue,SE.,
Washington,DC
From:
RobertSchneider
CEO ResearchLaboratories,Inc.
PhoneNumber: 714-852-2103

TotalPagesIncludingCover:8

X ReplyASAP  X PleaseComment   X PleaseReview      Fax

                                               ForYourInformation
May6,2015
U.S.DepartmentofTransportation - FederalAviationAdministration
WestBuildingGroundFloor,Roomw12-140
1200NewJerseyAvenue,SE.
Washington,DC20590
Re:ExemptionrequestunderSection333oftheFAAModernizationandReformActof 2012(the
ReformAct)and14C.F.R.Part11

DearSirorMadam:
PursuanttoSection333oftheFAAModernizationandReformActof 2012(theReformAct)and14
C.F.R.Part11,ResearchLaboratories,Inc.,asoftwareandtechnologyconsultingfirm,onbehalf of
itself anditsrelatedaffiliatesundercommonownershipandcontrol,herebyappliesforan
exemptionfromthelistedFederalAviationRegulations(FAR)toallowsafeoperationofunmanned
aircraft(UA)inconcertwithunmannedaircraftsystems(UAS) andrelatedgroundcontrolstations
forcivilcommercialusewithintheNationalAirspaceSystem.Thepurposebeingaerialimagingand
informationservicesfortheresidential,commercial,andindustrialsectors,andclosed-setmotion
picture,television,andfilmproductionoperations.
Allflightoperationsaretobeconductedwithinandundertheconditionsoutlinedhereinandas
outlinedbyTitle14,Section333.
Asdetailedinthisdocumentandtheattachedsupportingdocumentation,therequestedexemption
wouldallowsafeUA operationunderhuman-supervised,controlledmissionplanningconditions
withpublicsafetyconsiderationsinairspacethatis1)limited2)pre-determined,and 3)controlled
withregardtothesafetyofadults,children,andanimals.
Nameandaddressofapplicant:
ResearchLaboratories,Inc.
RobertB.Schneider
2010JimmyDuranteBlvd.,Suite 220F
DelMar,CA92192
Tel:714-852-2103
Email:rschneider@research-laboratories,Inc.

                                                                               Sincerely,

                                                                               RobertB.Schneider
                                                                               ResearchLaboratories,Inc.
                                                                               ChiefExecutiveOfficer

                                                                2
Statutory authority for proposed exemptions

WeareseekingexemptionfromregulationsoutlinedinSection333oftheFAAModernizationand
ReformActof 2012and14C.F.R.Part11.Thisrequest issubmitted asourbusinessisengagedin
newtechnologies,andadvancingtheexistingstateoftheartinsoftwaresystemsrelatedtoaircraft,
particularlyinthearenaofunmannedaircraftsystems withanemphasisonavionics,ground
controlstations,andtelemetry.

Wearealsoseekingexemptionthefollowing:Part21,SubpartH;and§§45.23(b);61.113(a)&(b);
91.7(a);91.9(b)(2);91.103(b);91.109;91.119;91.121,91.151(a);91.203(a)&(b);91.405(a);
91.407(a)(1);91.409(a)(2);and91.417(a)&(b)ofTitle14,CodeofFederalRegulations (CFR).

Extent and reason for relief

TheUAdescribedhereinisthepopularDJIPhantom2,withtelemetryandavionicsoperatedand
controlledbyacomputergroundstation,aspartoftheUAS,andutilizingbackupsystem
redundancyusingthefactoryRFhandheldremotecontroller.Thespecifications,astheypertainto
thispetition,arelistedbelowintheFlightplanningassumptionsandlimitations section. Weare
seekingrelieffromaselectnumberofCFR'Sparticularlypertainingtoairworthinessand
certification.

Presently,wehaveidentifiedaneedforaerialimagingservicesforcommercial/residentialreal
industries,realestate,andtourism,aswellasprovidingaerialinspectionservicesforcommercial
entities.Assuch,weareinterestedinprovidingaerialinformationservicestoincludeimages,video,
electronicmapping/geographicalsurveywork,andclosed-setmotionpicture,television,andfilm
productioncapacities forabroadrangeofclientele.

Anexemption,if granted,wouldincreaseandenhancepublicawarenessofUA'sbyhavinga
commercialentityprovidingleadershipinthis area.Wealso planonofferinga weekendground
school,taughtbyCertifiedFlightInstructorstoallowhobbyusersabetteropportunitychanceto
understandtheaerodynamicsofflight,weather,andthepotentialhazards involvedinflyingthese
craftontheirown.Byeducatingthepublic onUA'sandUAS(systems) throughproperstewardship,
webelievethey willcometounderstandthatitisnotassimpleaspushingabutton,or
programmingaGPStoachievethedesiredresultsnecessaryforsuccessfullyflyingaUA
mission/flightplan.

Public interest and public safety

Weunderstandtheneedforpubliceducationinthisarena.Partofourbusinessmodelincludes
involvementofthoselivingnear,orevenworking nearouranticipatedflightzonestocomeoutand
witnesstheactualflightlivefromthegroundstation,byanexperiencedpilottohelpincrease
publicawareness.Thebystanders,manyofwhomareveryinterestedandcuriousaboutthis
technology,maywitnessfirsthandwhatmaybeawe-inspiringtothem.

Weexpectthisapproachtobebothalearningtoolandasalestool.Ifthisindustryistosucceedon
itsownterms,thenresponsiblemissionplanning,cautiousflightoperation,andleadershipthrough
examplearecrucialelementstothesuccessofcommercialUAoperation.Aswillbedemonstrated,
weintendtopushthecreativeboundariesofwhatispossiblewiththesesmallercraft,and
hopefullyadvancethestateoftheartatamid-tierlevelinthecommercialdomain,while
maintainingsafeflightpaths,andprovidingmultiplelayersofenvelopeprotectionforourUAfleet.

                                                                3
Additionally,allflightoperationswillbeperformedwithconsentofthepropertyowners,including
thoseabuttingoradjacent toplannedflightactivities whereoverflyingmayberequiredormight
otherwiseoccuraccidentally.

Public safety equal to the existing rule of law

InadditiontocompliancewithFAA mandate,our intentistooperatetheUA inaccordancewith
publishedFederalAviationRegulations(FAR/AIM),whileadheringtoanequivalentlevelofsafety
to generalaviationflightmaneuvers.Flightoperationsinclude systemredundancy,backup
telemetry,andanaudio-visualwarningsystem. Forauto-pilotoperations,GPSprogrammed
waypointswillbeentered,thecraftmonitoredcontinuously,andoperatedaccordingtoalready
prescribedregulationsandproposedguidelines,suchasavoidingflightsoverhighpopulation
densityareas,overpersons,inprohibitedairspace,whilemaintainingline-of-sight(LOS) withUA
andprovidingself-certificationofairworthiness. Wedonotanticipateflightswithinrestricted
airspaceormajormetropolitancities,orwhereverUA operationsareotherwiseprohibited without
theproperauthorityandclearancetodoso.

Ourgroundcontrolstationhassafetyandbackupfeaturesthatextendbeyondthoseprovidedby
themanufacturer.Forexample,shouldtheGPSoravionicsfail,thesystemwillrevertfrom
protectedmode (normallawviaGPS)todirectlaw,therebyallowingthepilotincommand(PIC)to
takecontroloftheaircraftonadifferentfrequencythanthatofthegroundcontrolstation/UAS.
Navigation, speed,andelevationareeachmanagedindividuallyaccording totheflightplanand
relayedtotheUAS/PICinreal-time.

Regardingprivacy,flightsoverprivatelandorinacontrolledaccessenvironmentwilloccurwith
knowledgeorconsentbythepropertyowner(s).Anyindividuals whoarereadilyidentifiable,and
whohavebeenphotographedoutsidethepermissibleareawillnotbeshownintheimaging,unless
areleaseform issigned,orverbalconsentisotherwisegiven.

Flight planning assumptions and limitations

InadditiontotheaforementionedFARsandregulationsregardingsmallunmannedaircraftuse,
ResearchLaboratories,Inc.willadheretothefollowingassumptionsandlimitationswhen
conductingitsplannedUA flightoperationsunderanFAAissuedexemption:

    1. Weight
              a. ThecurrentUAweighslessthan10 pounds;

    2. LOS
              a. AllflightsoperatedwithinvisuallineofsightofthePIC,percurrentregulations;

    3. Speed
              a. FlightspeedsforthecurrentUAarenotanticipatedtoexceed30 knotsmaximum
                   indicatedairspeed,exceptunderidealweatherconditions;

    4. Flighttime
              a. Duetobatterylimitations,maximumtotalflighttimeforeachoperationalflightis
                   about15minutes.Themanufacturer'susermanualclaimsflighttimesof25
                   minutes,however,real-world usehasdemonstratedactualflighttimestobecloser
                   toabout15minutes;slightly lowerinhigh-windconditions.Asbatterycapacityand
                   storagetechnologyimprovesinthenearfuture,flighttimesareexpectedto
                   increase;

    5. Propulsionandbattery
              a. TheUAdynamicallycalculatesbatteryreservein realtime,anddisplaysthis
                   informationtothePIC viatheUAS.TheUAwillslowlydescendtothegroundifthe

                                                                4
              batteryrunsbelowapresetpercentage,currentlysetto15%,however,asafe
              landingshouldbeplannedandexecutedwhenbatterylifereaches30%ofmaximum
              capacity. Theattachedflightmanualdescribesbatterylifeandbatterymanagement;
6. Altitudeandelevation
         a. Flightsareexpectedtooperatebelow200'abovegroundlevel(AGL) atalltimes,
              exceptundercertaincircumstancesrequiringgeographicalsurveys,and/oraerial
              mappingwherealtitudesarenotexpectedtoexceed400'AGL forbriefperiodsof
              ascent,hover,anddescenttocapturetherequiredimagingfor
              mapping/geographicalsurvey work;
7. FlightCrew
         a. Flight crewforeachflightoperation/missionplan,willconsistoftheUAPilotwho
              shallmaintainvisualLOSatalltimes.Forlargercommercialoperations,andthose
              requiringgreaterdistancesafield,aspottermaybeutilizedfortrackingpurposes,
              andasa safetyprecaution.Spotterwouldhavethe factory handheldremoteasa
              backupcontrolsystemintheeventofatelemetry/communicationsystemfailure,or
              anexception(deviation)fromtheestablishedflightplan occurs,orintheeventa
              handofftoasecondqualifiedPICisrequiredtonegotiateasafetransitionarounda
              buildingorotherobstacle,ortoavoidpeopleoranimalsnearby;
8. PIC
         a. TheUA Pilotwillbetrainedandwell-versedinmissionpreparation,flight
              operations,andallrelatedsafetyproceduresasdetailed inthemanufacturersflight
              manual,applicableFARs,andcompanypolicy;
9. Missionplanningandflightoperations
         a. TheUA willoperateeitherwithinestablishedflightplanpre-programming
              parameters,orflownlivebythePICusingthegroundcontrol/missionplanning
              software aspartoftheUAS,ormanuallybythePIC;
10. Locationsafety
         a. Alllocationswillbeappropriatelyinvestigatedusingaerialmaps(whenever
              available),andin-personbyflightcrewpersonnelpriortoflightoperations to
              determinesafetakeoff andlandingpoints;
11. Briefing,planning,anddebriefactivities
         a. Missionbriefingandde-briefingwillbeconductedbyflightcrew,includingclients,
              wheneverapplicable;
12. Ownerconsent
         a. Verbalorwrittenconsent/permissionwillbeobtainedfromthepropertyowner(s)
              priortoflight operations;
13. Competency andexperience
         a. Pilotwillhavesufficienttrainingandexperienceinflightoperations,operational
              flightcharacteristics of theUA, andwillperformflightplanningduties,suchas
              weather briefings,NOTAMs,andanyTemporaryFlightRestrictions(TFR);
14. Governmentordinanceandpermission
         a. Allrequiredpermissionsandpermitswillbeobtainedfromfederal,territorial,state,
              countyor municipaljurisdictions;
15. Lossofcommunication equipment
         a. IftheUA losesitsGPSsignal,telemetry,orfailstoestablishcommunications, itis
              programmedtoloiteronstationorhoveruntilthebatterystrengthrunsdownto
              thepredeterminedlimits,thenitwillslowlydescendtotheground perinternal
              programmingparameters.Ifoneofthetwocommunicationdownlinksarelost,the
              unitisprogrammedtoflythrougheachofthewaypointsandreturntothepointof
              origin(wheretheunitwaspoweredon);

                                                           5
14 CFR 61.113 (a) & (b): Private Pilot Privileges and Limitations: Pilot in Command
Sections61.113(a)&(b)limitprivatepilotstonon-commercial operations. TheUAwillnotcarry
creworpassengers,thusthelevelofequivalenttrainingandexperiencerequiredforSection61.113
maybeoffsetbyadequatepreparationandplanning.Fortheproposedcommercialoperations,the
UAwillutilizetheonboardGPS,programmedbythemissionplanningsoftware,andmonitoredin
real-timebythePIC,andthegroundstationsoftwaresystem/UASresponsiblefortheautopilot
program.Plannedflightareaswillbecontrolledor restrictedatalltimesduringflightmaneuvers
andflightoperations.

WhiletheinherentrisksassociatedwiththerelativelynewclassofUAareprobablygreaterthan
thegeneralpublicisaware,thisultimatelycreatestheneedforasafeoperating environment,
especiallywhenconsideringcommercialuse.ThereisnofuelonboardtheUA,sotheriskoffireis
vastlydiminishedwhencomparedwithconventionalaircraft. TheFAAwouldbeprovidedadvance
noticeofanyoperationthatwillbewithinincontrolledairspacewithintheNationalAirspace
System(NAS),especiallyoperationsencroachingupontheestablishedguidelinesforunmanned
aerialflightinprotectedairspace,andnearairports.

14 C.F.R. 91.103: Preflight Action
Thisregulation requiresthePICtoperformcertainduties,andtakespecificactionsregardingthe
airworthinessoftheaircraftinquestion.AnexemptionisneededfromthisrequirementasthePIC
wouldperformpreflightactivitiesoutsidethescopeofgeneralaviation,andduethe thephysical
natureandsimpledesigncharacteristicsoftheUA.

Our UAShasseveralfeaturesthatintegratemodernflightplanning,suchasweather,terrainmaps,
satelliteimagery, NOTAMS,andtemporaryflightrestrictions(ifavailable andissued.) Company
policyrequireswalk-thoughreconnaissance oftheintendedflightpath,notingnearbyhazardsand
obstacles,localterrain,localanimalhabitation,nearbypets,andprotectedtakeoffandlanding
areas.Theflightmanualsuggests notflyingnearobstacles,crowds,andpowerlines.

Inadditiontothemanufacturerssuggestedpre-flightchecklist, theultimategoalistocreateaflight
planusingthesameprocedures asageneralaviationflight fromstarttofinish.

14 C.F.R. 91.119: Minimum Safe Altitudes
Section91.119establishessafealtitudesforoperationofcivilaircraft.Section91.119(d)allows
helicopterstobeoperatedatlessthantheminimumsprescribed,providedthe personoperating
thehelicoptercomplieswithanyrouteoraltitudesprescribedforhelicoptersbytheFAA.

Theproposedexemptionincludestheuseofarotorcraftthatoperateswithsimilarcharacteristics
asahelicopter.Thecraftiscapableofverticaltakeoffandlanding(VTOL),andwillbeoperating
mostofthetimeatabout10'to50'AGL.Thereareinstanceswhere300'to400"AGL maybe
requiredforbriefperiods. Flightmaneuverswillbecarriedoutaccordingtotheaforementioned
securitymeasuresfirmlyinplace,andincludeanelevatedsafetyenclosuretopreventchildrenand
petsfromaccidentallywanderingintothecraftduringtakeoffandlandingactivities.

Althoughthemanufacturerclaimsamaximumspeed ofupto15m/s(~33 MPH),theyalsostate
thatitisnotrecommended.Certaincommercialfilmingislikelytoexceed25 MPH forbriefperiods,
butnotonaverage,andonlyunderproperatmospheric,command,andcontrolconditions.Total
grossweightiscurrentlyunder12 LBS,includingpayload (camera,gimbal),avionics,sound,and
lighting. Carefulconsiderationwouldbegivenwithregardtoterrain,andnearbyobstaclesduring
allphases offlightplanning.

                                                                6
14 C.F.R. 91.121: Altimeter Settings
Viacustomsoftwareimplementation,ourUAisoutfittedwithabarometricaltimeterthatisableto
compensatefornon-standardbarometricpressuresandtemperatures.Fieldelevationmayalsobe
setmanuallypriortoflight.

Withthesesystemsinplace,anequivalentlevelofsafety,withregardtogeneralaviationaltimeter
settings,isachievedfortheUA. Theattachedflightmanualoutlinesoperationofthe factory
onboardInertialMeasurementUnit (IMU),whichhasabuilt-ininertialsensorandabarometric
altimeterthatmeasuresbothattitudeandaltitude.

14 CFR 91.151 (a): Fuel Requirements for Flight in VFR Conditions
Section91.151(a)outlinesfuelrequirementsforflightmaneuversunderVisualFlightRule (VFR)
conditions.TheUA willbeflownwithaknownlimitationpertainingtoactualflighttime.As
mentionedearlier,thisis~12minutes.Sinceplannedoperationisinaknownarea,andflightplans
areflownaccordingtopredeterminedheadings,elevations,andattitudes,thisrangeandflighttime
limitationrequireanexemptionfrom14CFR91.151(a).

Sincethepowerplantiselectric,andthefuelsourceisarechargeablebattery,anexemptionto14
CFR§91.151isalsorequiredduetothe30minute fuelreserverequirement.Ourcurrentmandate
istoprepareforandexecutealandingassoonaspossiblewhenthebatterylevelsreach30%of
maximumcapacity.Weperceiveanexemptionfrom14CFR§91.151asitpertainstoprior
exemptionsgrantedbyyouragencytoLockheedMartinCorporation,andBechtelCorporation
underFAR91.151.Sincemostflightplansareestimatedtobe12minutes inlength,andflownat
dramaticallylower altitudesthangeneralaviation,particularlyhelicopters,webelievean
exemptionto14CFR§91.151isreasonable.Similarexemptionshavebeengrantedtoother
operatorsincludingexemptions2689F,5745,10673,10808,and11258 (forreference.)

14 CFR 91.405 (a); 407 (a)(1); 409 (a)(2); 417 (a) & (b): Maintenance inspections
Theseregulationsrequirethatanaircraftoperator"Shallhavethataircraftinspectedasprescribed
insubpartEofthispartandshallbetweenrequiredinspections,exceptasprovidedinparagraph(c)of
thissection,havediscrepanciesrepaired..."

AirworthinessinspectionsunderPart43aregenerallygrantedtogeneralaviationaircraft,
particularlythosepossessingavalidairworthinesscertificate. TheUAdoesnothavemanymoving
parts,asidefromthefourelectricmotorspoweringtherotorblades.Maintenanceandinspections
willfallundertheresponsibilityoftheflightteam,andultimatelythePIC.Inadditiontopre-flight
activitiesthatmayindicaterepairs,anyin-flightissuesthatarisewillresultintheimmediatesafe
descentandlandingoftheUA.Theinherentdesigncharacteristics,andsmallsizeoftheUAmake
flightnearlyimpossiblewitheventheslightestcomponentfailure,thus,propermaintenanceand
airworthinessisparamountforsafeflightmaneuvers.

Additionally,withlowflightaltitudes,asafelycontrolledflightenvironment andLOSrestrictions,
anequivalentlevelofsafetyisobtainedtopreventharmtoanypeople,animals,orstructures inthe
vicinity.Furthermore,thelimitedpayloadandbatterylifeonlyallowforshorterflights,andarein
LOSofthePICatalltimeswhichallowforbriefflightplansthatexercisemorestringentflight
operations.

Since thePICisultimatelyresponsiblefortheairworthinessoftheaircraft, andalsoresponsiblefor
ago/no-gotakeoffdecision,thisindividualisbestsuitedtomaintaintheaircraftorsuggest

                                                                7
maintenance/repair procedureswhichmayterminateaflightplan,orthosenecessarypriortothe
nextflight.

Privilege of utilizing exemption outside the continental U.S.

WehavenoplanstooperateoutsideoftheUnitedStatesatpresent.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Summary of Research Laboratories, Inc, Section 333 request for exemption
for publication in the Federal Register

Per14C.F.R.Part11,thefollowingsummaryisprovidedforpublicationintheFederalRegister,if
publicationisnecessary:

Applicantseeksanexemptionfromthefollowingrulesandregulations
14C.F.R.§21,subpartH;14C.F.R45.23(b); 14C.F.R.§§61.113(a)&(b); 91.7(a);91.9(b)(2);
91.103(b); 91.109;91.119;91.121;91.151(a); 91.203(a)and(b);91.405(a);
91.407(a)(1);91.409(a)(2);91.409(a)(2); 91.417(a)&(b)forcommercialoperationofsmall
unmannedvehicles (55 lbs. orless.)

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

PursuanttotheguidelinesandmissionoutlinedinSection333oftheReformActof2012,
specificallyrelatedtothesize,weight,operationalcharacteristics,flightinproximitytonational
airspace,controlledairspace,altitudesnearairports,crowds,andline-of-sightrestrictions,wefeel
thatthisappealprovidessufficientrationaleforthegrantoftherequestedexemptiontoallow
commercialoperationofthisapplicant'sUAforprovidingaerialinformationservicestoinclude
images,video,andgeographicalsurvey work(mappingservices)forclosed-setmotionpicture,
television,andfilmproductioncapacities, andalsoforabroadrangeofclients intheresidential,
commercial,andindustrialsectors.

Additional supporting documentation

OurCEO hasextensiveexperienceinenterprisesoftwaresystems,particularlywiththeNorthrop
GrummanJointMissionPlanningSystem(JMPS),usedbytheU.S.Navy,U.S.AirForce,andU.S.Coast
Guard.AircrewuseJMPStoconductdetailedmissionplanningtosupportafullspectrumof
missions,rangingfromsimpletrainingtocomplexcombatscenarios.Aircrewsavetherequired
aircraft,navigation,threat,andweaponsdataonadatatransferdevicethattheyloadintothe
aircraftpriortoflight,aswellasprogrammingwaypoints,fuel,andpayload.

Additionally,atthetimeofthiswriting,hehasobtainedover100 hoursofgroundinstructionin
PrivatePilot,Helicopter/Rotorcraft,andHumanFactorsgroundschoolinAviation,including45
hoursofsimulatortime,andover22hourspracticaltime counted towardtheprivatepilot rating.
WrittenexamsarescheduledforMay25andMay27,for theFAAPrivatePilotand
Helicopter/Rotorcraft,respectively;FAAPrivatePilotcheckrideisanticipatedtobescheduledonor
aroundJuly1,2015,andtheHelicopter/RotorcraftcheckridetofollowinlateAutumn.

    1. Supplementalresponseforpetition
    2. PHANTOM2_User_Manual_v1.4_en
    3. PHANTOM_Flying_Flowchart_v1.0_en
    4. Smart_Flight_Battery_Safety_Guidelines

                                                                8
9
