August 27, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12640
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA-2015-2422

Mr. Doug Andriuk
Revolution UAS, LLC
14812 North 60th Street
Scottsdale, AZ 85254

Dear Mr. Andriuk:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated May 27, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of Revolution UAS, LLC (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption. The
petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct aerial
photography and videography used to support a broad variety of inspection and ground truth
operations.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a DJI S900.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
                                                                                                                 2

consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

· They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

· The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

· A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Revolution UAS, LLC is granted an exemption from
14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c),
91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to
the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                             3

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Revolution UAS, LLC is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI S900 when
    weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any other
    aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
    not permitted.

3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
    exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
    compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
    airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
    aircraft manufacturer.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
    electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
    must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
    required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
                                                                                                            4

    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
                                                                                                            5

    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
                                                                                                               6

       (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
       be as large as practicable.

   23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
       any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
       PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
       These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
       official upon request.

   24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
       activities at all times.

   25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

   26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
       persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
          a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
             from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
             that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
             where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
             the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
             of nonparticipating persons; and
          b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
             for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
             the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
             present an undue hazard.

       The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
       nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

   27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
       permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
       Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
       obtained for each flight to be conducted.

   28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
       boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
       to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
       reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
       contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.
                                                                                                                 7

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                                                 8
This exemption terminates on September 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.
Sincerely,
/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
                      14812 N. 60th St | Scottsdale, AZ 85254 | (301)266-2011 | Doug@RevolutionUAS.com

                                                                                                       May 27, 2015

  U.S. Department of Transportation
  Docket Management System
  1200 New Jersey Ave., SE
  Washington, DC 20590

               Re: Petition of Revolution UAS, LLC for an Exemption Pursuant to
                    Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012

  Dear Sir or Madam:

           Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 ("Reform
  Act") and 14 C.F.R. Part 11, Revolution UAS, LLC, hereby applies for an exemption from the
  Federal Aviation Regulations ("FARs") identified below, to allow commercial operations of
  small unmanned aerial vehicles (i.e., "small unmanned aircraft" or "UAS").

           This exemption is made based on the information in this petition, as well as the
  accompanying Revolution UAS Operations, Maintenance and Safety Manual ("Operations
  Manual") Petitioner submits this supporting material as confidential documents under 14 C.F.R.
  § 11.35(b), as they contain confidential commercial and proprietary information that the
  Petitioner has not and will not share with others. Similarly, these documents contain operating
  conditions and procedures that are not available to the public and are protected from release
  under the Freedom of Information Act, 5 U.S.C. § 552 et seq., and any other requirements
  established by the FAA pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Reform Act.

           This exemption request will permit Revolution UAS LLC, to operator commercially for
  the purpose of collecting aerial photography and videography used to support a broad variety of
  inspection and ground truth operations.

           We request a summary grant, as we have designed our petition, operations, and chosen
  UAV to not set precedent over previously approved exemptions.

  For your convenience, the petition is organized as follows:

  I. Description of Petitioner
 II. Public Interest
III. Relevant Statutory Authority
IV. Revolution UAS Proposed UAS Operations Meet The Requirements Of Section 333

        Of The Reform Act
 V. Regulations from which exemption is requested and equivalent level of safety
  VI.        a. 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H- Airworthiness Certificates and 14 C.F.R. § 91.203
 VII.        b. 14 C.F.R. Part 27 Airworthiness Standards: Normal Category Rotorcraft
VIII.        c. 14 C.F.R. § § 91.9(c), 45.23(b) and 45.27(a): Aircraft Marking and Identification
  IX.
                  Requirements
             d. 14 C.F.R. § 91.9(b)(2): Civil Aircraft Flight Manual in the Aircraft
             e. 14 C.F.R. § 91.203 (a) & (b): Carrying Civil Aircraft Certification and

                  Registration.
             f. 14 C.F.R. § 91.7(a): Civil Aircraft Airworthiness
             g. 14 C.F.R. § 91.103: Preflight Action
             h. 14 C.F.R. § 91.109(a): Flight Instruction
             i. 14 C.F.R. § 91.119: Minimum Safe Altitudes
             j. 14 C.F.R. § 91.121: Altimeter Settings
             k. 14 C.F.R. § 91.151(a): Fuel Requirements for Flight in VFR Conditions
             l. 14 C.F.R. § 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(2); 91.417(a) and (b): Maintenance

                  Inspections
             m. 14 CFR § 61.113 Private Pilot Privileges and Limitations
       Drug and Alcohol Policy
       Privacy
       Federal Register Summary
       Conclusion

I. Description of Petitioner

       Revolution UAS LLC. "Revolution UAS", is headquartered in Scottsdale, AZ and was
founded by two military veterans with significant military and civilian aviation experience.
Revolution UAS seeks the requested exemptions in order to provide optical and thermal sensor
data acquired from UAS platforms to perform light industrial inspection, survey and ground truth
photography and videography.

       Revolution UAS employs a DJI s900 with 3D Robotics Pixhawk flight controller. A
complete description of the system is included in the attached operations manual. The S900 has
received approval for use in Exemption 11326 (PPL Electric Utilities Corp), and Exemption
11400 (McKenna Long & Aldridge LLP). Our proposed use is similar in all material respects as
those being used in Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213.

II. Public Interest

       Revolution UAS has performed significant market research, partnering with local
companies to understand and leverage the utility of unmanned systems to reduce risk, cost and
improve efficiency. As described below, the requested exemption would authorize Revolution
UAS to perform commercial UAS operations within the NAS that will provide the following
benefits:

             a. Commercial use of UAS to perform aerial data gathering in support of the
                  following industries: Construction site photography and mapping, precision
                   agriculture, pipeline/power line transmission/distribution towers, tower
                   inspection, manmade/natural disaster damage assessment, support to first
                   responders, security, construction, research, wildlife and wildfire monitoring, real
                   estate, local infrastructure such as bridges, surveying, scientific studies, insurance
                   functions, training, mining and UAS research and development. All of these
                   activities are critical to the well-being of the general public.

              b. The use of an UAS provides much improved data for decision making. The
                   technical combination of platform, sensor and software, allows us to rapidly
                   acquire and organize data that previously had to be obtained by manned
                   inspection, such as roof or tower inspection.

              c. The use of UAS will decrease congestion in the NAS along with reducing the
                   noise/air pollution generated during traditional manned aircraft flight operations.
                   Many of the operations proposed in this petition for exemption are currently
                   achieved by aircraft or rotorcraft flying at low altitudes.

              d. Operation of UAS may substantially reduce the risk to life and property by
                   performing missions that are currently being performed by manned aircraft that
                   are considered dangerous (i.e., transmission tower inspections or operating in
                   extreme terrain or weather conditions). In the absence of a UAS, many of
                   these inspections would have to be carried out by a helicopter or by sending
                   someone up to perform the inspection manually. Utility inspections by
                   helicopter are carried out at speed up to 70 knots, and the consequences of a
                   wire strike or other collision is much greater than with the UAS. Moreover,
                   conducting helicopter inspections at certain locations, such as substations
                   where several transmission lines converge, carry additional risks to
                   helicopters.

        Petitioner's Address:
         Doug Andriuk
         14812 N. 60th St
         Scottsdale, AZ 85254
         doug@revolutionuas.com

II. Relevant Statutory Authority

       This petition for exemption is submitted in accordance with the Section 333(a) through (c)
of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012. Congress has directed the FAA "to safely
accelerate the integration of civil unmanned aircraft systems into the national airspace system."
Pursuant to Section 333 of the Reform Act, the FAA Administrator is to permit unmanned
aircraft systems to operate in the National Airspace System ("NAS") where it is safe to do so
based on the following considerations:

      The UAS's size, weight, speed, and operational capability;
       Operation of the UAS in close proximity to airports and populated areas; and
       Operation of the UAS within the visual line of sight of the operator.

           Additionally, the FAA Administrator has general authority to grant exemptions from its
  safety regulations and minimum standards when the Administrator decides a requested
  exemption is in the public interest. See 49 U.S.C. § 106(f) (defining the authority of the
  Administrator); 49 U.S.C. § 44701(f) (permitting exemptions from§§ 44701(a), (b) and§§
  44702-44716, et seq.). A party requesting an exemption must explain the reasons why the
  exemption: (1) would benefit the public as a whole, and (2) would not adversely affect safety (or
  how it would provide a level of safety at least equal to the existing rules). See 14 C.F.R. § 11.81
  (petitions for exemption).

III. Revolution UAS' Proposed UAS Operations Meet the Requirements of
        Section 333 of the Reform Act.

             The proposed operations in this petition for exemption qualify for expedited
   approval under Section 333 of the Reform Act. Each of the statutory criteria and other
   relevant factors are satisfied.

           a. Approval is Warranted Based on the UAS's Size, Weight, Speed, and
                    Operational Capability

             Revolution UAS will employ the DJI S-900 for its infrastructure inspection
   operations. This UAS has a maximum take-off weight of 24 pounds. The UAS's flight
   speed will not exceed 30 miles per hour, and it will not be flown in controlled airspace
   or at an altitude that exceeds 400 feet AGL. All flights will be flown in such a way that
   they can be safely terminated with a reserve battery power of 25% maximum charge.
   The DJI S-900 do not carry any flammable propellant or fuel.

            The DJI S-900 also has redundant motor capabilities, and the vehicle is still
   capable of flight in the event a motor fails unexpectedly. The vehicle is capable of
   compensating for an engine loss automatically and action is not required by the PIC.

            The DJI S-900 also has features that can alert the PIC to the possibility of a lost
   link before it occurs. Because the video link is at a shorter wavelength than the control
   links, it is more susceptible to loss than the control link. Loss of the video signal warns
   the PIC that action should be taken to ensure continued control. In the event the control
   link is lost, the UAS is also equipped with a failsafe setting that permits the vehicle to
   return to a preselected home point.

             Given the small size of the selected UAS and the restricted environment within
   which they will operate, this petition for exemption falls within the zone of safety, i.e.,
   an equivalent level of safety, in which Congress directed the FAA to permit commercial
   UAS operations by exemption pending completion of formal rulemaking.
         b. Approval is Warranted Based on the Operational Restrictions Set Forth
                  in the Operations Manual

         The Revolution UAS Operations Manual and manufacturer's maintenance and flight
manuals contain all of the procedures and limitations necessary to successfully perform the
proposed operation. To assist the FAA in its safety assessment of Revolution UAS's
operations, below is a summary of operational limitations and conditions which will ensure
an equivalent or higher level of safety for operations conducted under current regulatory
guidelines:

        1. The UAS will adhere to it published maximum takeoff weight as outlined in in
                  the operations manual.

        2. The radio frequencies used for operations and control of the UAS will comply
                  with the Federal Communications Commission ("FCC") or other appropriate
                  government oversight agency requirements.

        3. Minimum crew for each operation will consist of a pilot, who will be Pilot-in
                  Command ("PIC") of the UAS, and one or more Visual Observers ("VO")
                  necessary to safely conduct the mission.

        4. The UAS shall be operated within Visual Line of Sight ("VLOS") of the PIC and
                  VO at all times. The PIC will use human vision unaided by any device other
                  than corrective lenses.

        5. The VO designated for any operation will be in constant voice contact with the
                  PIC.

        6. The additional requirements identified in the exemption grant shall be added to
                  the Revolution UAS' Operations Manuals. The Operations Manual will be
                  maintained and made available to the Administrator upon request. If a
                  discrepancy exists between the conditions and limitations in the granted
                  exemptions and the Revolution UAS Operations Manuals, the conditions and
                  limitations in the granted exemptions shall take precedence and must be
                  followed. Otherwise, Revolution UAS must follow the procedures outlined in
                  their Operations Manuals.

        7. Maximum total flight time for each operational flight will be limited to the
                  amount of time the UAS can be flown and still maintain a reserve battery power
                  of no less than 25%.

        8. Flights will be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet AGL and will not
                  be conducted within navigable airspace.
9. Flights will be operated at a lateral distance of at least 500 feet from any
         inhabited structures, buildings, vehicles or vessels, or from people not associated
         with the operation who have not given permission in advance of the operation.

10. The Pilot will have a private pilot's license, will be trained in accordance with
         the Operations Manual and will pass a company imposed flight evaluation.

11. The Visual Observer designated for any operation will be required to complete
         the training course as set forth in the Operations Manual before performing his
         duties on any flight.

12. The UAS will operate in accordance with the safety and operational
         requirements of the Operations Manual and manufacturer's flight manual.

13. Prior to the operation, a Mission Plan will be created setting forth the limitations
         for the flight as well as contact and hazard information provided by the utility.

14. A NOTAM will be issued not more than 72 hours in advance of flight, but not
         less than 48 hours before flight.

15. The PIC and Visual Observer will at all times be able to communicate by voice.

16. A Certificate of Authorization will be obtained prior to flight.

17. All required permissions and permits will be obtained from territorial, state,
         county or city jurisdictions, including local law enforcement, fire or other
         appropriate governmental agencies.

18. The operator will coordinate all flights with the appropriate Flight Standards
         District Office.

19. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UAS will have
         the capability to return to a pre-determined location within the operational
         area and land.

20. Contingency plans will be in place to safely terminate flight if there is a loss
         of communication between the pilot and the observer.

21. The UAS will have the capability to safely abort flight in the case of unpredicted
         obstacles or emergencies. The PIC will abort the flight in the event of
         unpredicted obstacles or emergencies in accordance with the Revolution UAS'
         Operations Manuals.
IV. Regulations from which exemption is requested and equivalent level of safety

               a. 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H: Airworthiness Certificates 14 CFR §
                    91.203(a)(1)

            The regulation requires:

            Subpart H, entitled Airworthiness Certificates, establishes the procedural requirements
   for the issuance of airworthiness certificates as required by FAR §91.203 (a) (1). Given the
   size and limited operating area associated with the aircraft to be utilized by the Applicant, an
   exemption from Part 21 Subpart H meets the requirements of an equivalent level of safety
   under Part 11 and Section 333 of the Reform Act. The Federal Aviation Act (49
   U.S.C.§44701 (f)) and Section 333 of the Reform Act both authorize the FAA to exempt
   aircraft from the requirement for an airworthiness certificate, upon consideration of the size,
   weight, speed, operational capability, and proximity to airports and populated areas of the
   particular UAS. In all cases, an analysis of these criteria demonstrates that the UAS operated
   without an airworthiness certificate, in the rural sparsely populated environment and under
   the conditions proposed will be at least as safe, or safer, than a conventional aircraft (fixed
   wing or rotorcraft) operating with an airworthiness certificate without the restrictions and
   conditions proposed.

          Equivalent Level of Safety:

          The UAS to be operated is less than 55 lbs. fully loaded, carries neither a pilot
   nor passenger, carries no explosive materials, and operates exclusively within a
   secured area as set out in the Manual. Unlike other civil aircraft, the proposed
   operations in this petition for exemption will be controlled and monitored by the
   operator, pursuant to the Manual's requirements. Moreover, the FAA will have
   advance notice of all operations conducted under this exemption.

          These safety enhancements, which already apply to civil aircraft operated in connection
   with existing inspection operations, provide a greater degree of safety to the public and property
   owners than conventional operations conducted with airworthiness certificates issued under 14
   C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H. Lastly, application of these same criteria demonstrates that there is no
   credible threat to national security posed by the UAS, due to its size, speed of operation,
   location of operation, lack of explosive materials, and inability to carry a substantial external
   load.

               b. 14 C.F.R. Part 27: Airworthiness Standards: Normal Category Rotorcraft.

          14 C.F.R. Part 27 sets forth the procedural requirements for airworthiness
   certification of normal category rotorcraft. To the extent the Petitioner's UASs would
   otherwise require certification under Part 27, as a rotorcraft, Petitioner requests an
   exemption from Part 27's airworthiness standards for the same reasons identified in the
   exemption request from 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H.
             c. 14 C.F.R. §§ 91.9(c), 45.23(b) and 45.27(a): Aircraft Marking and
                  Identification Requirements

          The regulation requires:

14 C.F.R.§ 91.9(c), Civil Aircraft Flight Manual, Marking and Placard requirements, provides
that:

         No person may operate a U.S.-registered civil aircraft unless that aircraft is identified in
accordance with Part 45 of this chapter.

14 C.F.R. § 45.23(b), Markings of the Aircraft, states:

         When marks include only the Roman capital letter "N" and the registration number is
displayed on limited, restricted or light-sport category aircraft or experimental or provisionally
certificated aircraft, the operator must also display on that aircraft near each entrance to the
cabin, cockpit, or pilot station, in letters not less than 2 inches nor more than 6 inches high, the
words "limited," "restricted," "light-sport, "experimental," or "provisional," as applicable.

14 C.F.R. § 45.27(a), Rotorcraft, states:

 Each operator of a rotorcraft must display on that rotorcraft horizontally on both surfaces of the
cabin, fuselage, boom, or tail the marks required by§ 45.23. In its previous Grant of Exemption,
the FAA determined that exemption from these requirements was warranted provided that the
aircraft "have identification (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart
C if the markings are as large as practicable." FAA Docket No. FAA-2014-0352.

Note:
          Even though the UAS will have no airworthiness certificate, an exemption may be

 needed as the UAS will have no entrance to the cabin, cockpit or pilot station on which the
 word "Experimental" can be placed. Given the size of the UAS, two-inch lettering will be
 impossible. The word "Experimental" will be placed on the vehicle frame in compliance with
 §45.29 (f).

          Equivalent level of safety:

         The equivalent level of safety will be provided by marking the sUAV's appropriate
identification with lettering as large as practicable. The FAA has issued the following exemptions
to this regulation to Exemptions Nos. 10700, 8738, 10167 and 10167A.

             d. 14 C.F.R. § 91.9(b)(2): Civil Aircraft Flight Manual in the Aircraft.

The regulation provides:

         14 C.F.R. § 91.9(b)(2), which states:

         (b) No person may operate a U.S.-registered civil aircraft
         (2) For which an Airplane or Rotorcraft Flight Manual is not required by §21.5 of this
         chapter, unless there is available in the aircraft a current approved airplane or Rotorcraft
         Flight
         Manual, approved manual material, markings, and placards, or any combination thereof.

         Given its size, configuration, and load capacity, the UAS has no ability to carry such a
         manual on the aircraft, not only because there is no pilot on board, but because there is
         simply no room or capacity to carry such an item on the aircraft.

 Equivalent Level of Safety

         The safety related purpose of this manual requirement can be equally satisfied by
 maintaining the UAS flight manual at the ground control point where the pilot flying the UAS
 will have immediate access to it. Accordingly, Petitioner requests an exemption from
 §91.9(b)(2)'s flight manual requirements, on the condition that the UAS flight manual be
 available at the control point during each operation.

         The FAA has issued the following exemptions to this regulation: Exemption Nos. 8607,
 8737, 8738, 9299, 9299A, 9565, 9565B, 10167, 10167A, 10602, 32827, and 10700.

             e. 14 C.F.R. § 91.203 (a) & (b): Carrying Civil Aircraft Certification and
                  Registration.

The regulation provides:

14 C.F.R. § 91.203 (a) and (b).

         (a) Except as provided in §91.715, no person may operate a civil aircraft unless it has
             within it the following:

                              (1) An appropriate and current airworthiness certificate

         (b) No person may operate a civil aircraft unless the airworthiness certificate required by
         paragraph (a) of this section or a special flight authorization issued under §91.715 is
         displayed at the cabin or cockpit entrance so that it is legible to passengers or crew.

         In addition to the fact that Petitioner is seeking an exemption from the airworthiness
certificate requirements, an exemption to this regulation is necessary because (a) the UAS's load
capacity and size does not allow it to carry certification and registration documents; (2) the UAS
does not have a cabin or cockpit entrance at which the documents could be displayed; and (3)
there are no passengers or crew for whom the certificates need be displayed.

Equivalent Level of Safety:

         To the extent these regulations are applicable to the proposed UAS operations, an
equivalent level of safety will be achieved by keeping these documents at the ground control
point where the pilot flying the UAS will have immediate access to them.
         The FAA has issued numerous exemptions to this regulation. A representative sample of
other exceptions includes Exemption Nos. 9565, 9665, 9789, 9789A, 9797, 9797A, 9816A, and
10700.

             f. 14 C.F.R. § 91.7(a): Civil Aircraft Airworthiness.

The regulation provides:

 14 C.F.R. § 91.7(a), which requires that a civil aircraft be in an airworthy condition to be
 operated.

Equivalent Level of Safety:

         As there will be no airworthiness certificate issued for the aircraft, should this exemption
be granted, no FAA regulatory standard will exist for determining airworthiness. Given the size
of the aircraft and the requirements contained in the DJI S900 & S1000 User's Manual for
maintenance and use of safety check lists prior to each flight.

         The FAA has issued the following exemptions to this regulation: Exemption Nos. 8607,
8737, 8738, 9299, 9299A, 9565, 9565B, 10167, 10167A, 10602, 32827, and 10700.

             g. 14 C.F.R. § 91.103: Preflight Action

The regulation provides:

         14 C.F.R. §91.103, which requires a PIC to become familiar with specific information
         before each flight, including information contained in the FAA-approved Flight Manual
         on board the aircraft. While the PIC will be familiar with all information necessary to
         safely conduct the flight, an exemption is requested to the extent that an FAA-approved
         Flight manual is required.

Equivalent Level of Safety:

         An equivalent level of safety will be provided by following the Aircraft Operations
Manual and flight manual provided by the manufacturer. The PIC will take all required preflight
actions- including performing all required checklists and reviewing weather, flight battery
requirements, landing and takeoff distance, aircraft performance data, and contingency landing
areas - before initiation of flight. The Aircraft Operations Manual and manufacturer's flight
manual will be kept at the ground station with the operator at all times.

             h. 14 C.F.R. § 91.109(a): Flight Instruction

The regulation provides:
         14 C.F.R. § 91.109(a): which provides that "[n]o person may operate a civil aircraft
(except a manned free balloon) that is being used for flight instruction unless that aircraft has
fully functioning dual controls." UASs and remotely piloted aircraft, by their design, do not have
functional dual controls. Instead, flight control is accomplished through the use of a device that
communicates with the aircraft via radio communications.

Equivalent Level of Safety[DA1]:

         Given the size and speed of the UAS, an equivalent level of safe training can still be
performed without dual controls because no pilot or passengers are aboard the UAS, and all
persons will be a safe distance away in the event that the UAS experiences any difficulties during
flight instruction.

         The FAA has approved exemptions for flight training without fully functional dual
 controls for a number of aircraft and for flight instruction in experimental aircraft. See
 Exemption Nos. 5778K & 9862A.

             i. 14 C.F.R. § 91.119: Minimum Safe Altitudes

The regulation provides:

         14 C.F.R. § 91.119. Section 91.119 prescribes the minimum safe altitudes under which
aircraft may not operate, including 500 feet above the surface and away from any person, vessel,
vehicle, or structure in non-congested areas. See 14 C.F .R. § 91.119( c). Section 91.119( d)
allows for a helicopter to operate at less than those minimum altitudes when it can be operated
"without hazard to persons or property on the surface," provided that "each person operating the
helicopter complies with any routes or altitudes specifically prescribed for helicopters by the
FAA."

Equivalent Level of Safety:

         Risk is significantly reduced compared to flight operations with rotorcraft weighing far
more than the maximum UAS weight proposed herein, and given the lack of flammable fuel, any
risk associated with these operations is far less than those that presently exist with conventional
aircraft. An equivalent level of safety will be achieved given the size, weight, and speed of the
UAS, as well as the location where it is operated. In order to avoid any risk to aircraft, flight
operations will be restricted to 400' AGL or below. As set forth in the Manual, the UAS will be
operated in a restricted area, away from persons or structures not involved in the operation.

             j. 14 C.F.R. § 91.121: Altimeter Settings

The regulation provides:

         14 C.F.R.§ 91.121: which requires a person operating an aircraft to maintain cruising
altitude or flight level by reference to an altimeter that is set to the elevation of the departure
airport or barometric pressure. An exemption is required to the extent that the UAS does not
have a barometric altimeter, but rather a GPS altitude read out.
Equivalent Level of Safety:

         The FAA has stated that an equivalent level of safety can be achieved if the UAS will be
operated at 400' or below and within visual line-of-sight in addition to GPS based altitude
information relayed in real time to the operator. See Grant of Exemption to Astraeus Aerial,
Docket No. FAA-2014-0352. As the attached Operations Manual indicates, the chosen UAS
meets these requirements, and a zero altitude initiation point will be obtained prior to flight.

             k. 14 C.F.R. § 91.151(a): Fuel Requirements for Flight in VFR Conditions

The regulation provides:

14 C.F.R.§ 91.151(a) fuel requirements for flight in VFR conditions. Section 91.151 states:

         (a) No person may begin a flight in an airplane under VFR conditions unless
             (considering wind and forecast weather conditions) there is enough fuel to fly to the
             first point of intended landing and, assuming normal cruising speed ­

             (1) During the day, to fly after that for at least 30 minutes; or

             (2) At night, to fly after that for at least 45 minutes.

    Here, the technological limitations on UAS battery power means that no meaningful flight
operations can be conducted while still maintaining a 30 minute reserve. Revolution UAS
proposes that all flights comply with this requirement by mandating that the aircraft be safely
landed with no less than 25% of battery life remaining.

Equivalent Level of Safety:

         The FAA has stated that an equivalent level of safety is provided if the UAS flight is
terminated with at least 25% reserve battery power still available. See Grant of Exemption to
Astraeus Aerial, Docket No. FAA-2014-0352. The Operations Manual conforms to this limit,
providing an equivalent level of safety.

             l. 14 C.F.R. §§ 91.405(a); 91.407(a)(1); 91.409(a)(2); 91.417 (a) &
                  (b):Maintenance Inspections.

The regulation provides:

14 C.F.R. §§ 91.405(a); 91.407(a)(1); 91.409(a)(2); 91.417 (a) & (b):

         These regulations specify maintenance and inspection standards in reference to 14 C.F.R.
Part 43. See, e.g., 14 C.F.R. § 91.405(a) (stating that each owner or operator of an aircraft "[s]hall
have that aircraft inspected as prescribed in subpart E of this part and shall between required
inspections . . . have discrepancies repaired as prescribed in part 43 of this chapter"). An
exemption to these regulations is needed because Part 43 and these sections apply only to aircraft
with an airworthiness certificate, which the UAS will not have.

Equivalent Level of Safety:

         An equivalent level of safety will be achieved because maintenance and inspections will
be performed in accordance with the Aircraft Operations Manual as referenced in the available
Manual. As provided in the Manual, the operator will ensure that the UAS is in working order
prior to initiating flight, perform required maintenance, and keep a log of any maintenance
performed. The operator is the person most familiar with the aircraft and best suited to maintain
the aircraft in an airworthy condition to provide the equivalent level of safety.

         If mechanical issues arise, the UAS can land immediately and will be operating from
no higher than 400 feet AGL. Moreover, the UAS's small size, carrying capacity, and the fact
that flight operations will only take place in restricted areas for limited periods of time, create
less risk than the same factors associated with conventional fixed-wing aircraft and rotorcraft
performing the same operation.

          m. 14 C.F.R. § 61.113 (a) and (b): Private Pilot Privileges and Limitations: Pilot in
              Command.

The regulation provides:

          §§ 61.113 (a) and (b), which states:

              (a) Except as provided in paragraphs (b) through (h) of this section, no
              person who holds a private pilot certificate may act as pilot in
              command of an aircraft that is carrying passengers or property for
              compensation or hire; nor may that person, for compensation or hire,
              act as pilot in command of an aircraft.

              (b) A private pilot may, for compensation or hire, act as pilot in
              command of an aircraft in connection with any business or
              employment if:

              (1) The flight is only incidental to that business or employment; and

              (2) The aircraft does not carry passengers or property for
              compensation or hire.

 Equivalent Level of Safety:

          As required by the Manual, Petitioner's UAS operators acting as PIC will hold either an
 airline transport, commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. Because the UAS
 will not carry a pilot or passengers, the proposed operations can achieve the equivalent level
 of safety to 14 C.F.R. §§ 61.113 (a) and (b).

          Unlike a conventional aircraft that carries the pilot and passengers, the UAS is remotely
 controlled with no passengers on board. Moreover, the area of operation is controlled and
 restricted, and all flights are planned, coordinated, and briefed to the appropriate official in advance
 as set forth in the Manual.

          Revolution UAS can achieve an equivalent level of safety as achieved by current
 Regulations because the UAS do not carry any pilots or passengers. Further, while helpful, a
 pilot license will not ensure remote control piloting skills, though Revolution UAS's training
 program will ensure the PIC has substantial experience on the airframe. The risks inherent to
 the operation UAS are far less than the risk levels in the commercial activities outlined in 14
 C.F.R. § 61, et seq. Thus, allowing Revolution UAS to operate its UASs as proposed will exceed
 current safety levels in relation to 14 C.F.R. §§ 61.113 (a) and (b).

VI. DRUG AND ALCOHOL POLICY

         Revolution UAS will have policies in place to ensure that no person may participate in
UAS flight operations if they are under the influence of alcohol or any drug.

VII. PRIVACY

      All Revolution UAS operations will be conducted in accordance with applicable federal,
state, or local laws regarding privacy. All operations conducted over private or controlled-access
property with permission from the land owner/controller or authorized representative.

VIII. SUMMARY OF SECTION 333 EXEMPTION REQUEST

      Revolution UAS hereby provides pursuant to Part 11 a summary of its exemption
application to allow commercial operation of the Inspire unmanned aircraft in precision aerial
survey work. An exemption is requested from the following regulations:

    · 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H- Airworthiness Certificates and 14 C.F.R. § 91.203
    · 14 C.F.R. Part 27 Airworthiness Standards: Normal Category Rotorcraft
    · 14 C.F.R. § § 91.9(c), 45.23(b) and 45.27(a): Aircraft Marking and Identification

         Requirements
    · 14 C.F.R. § 91.9(b)(2): Civil Aircraft Flight Manual in the Aircraft
    · 14 C.F.R. § 91.203 (a) & (b): Carrying Civil Aircraft Certification and Registration.
    · 14 C.F.R. § 91.7(a): Civil Aircraft Airworthiness
    · 14 C.F.R. § 91.103: Preflight Action
    · 14 C.F.R. § 91.109(a): Flight Instruction
    · 14 C.F.R. § 91.119: Minimum Safe Altitudes
    · 14 C.F.R. § 91.121: Altimeter Settings
    · 14 C.F.R. § 91.151(a): Fuel Requirements for Flight in VFR Conditions
      · 14 C.F.R. § 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(2); 91.417(a) and (b): Maintenance
          Inspections

      · 14 CFR § 61.113 Private Pilot Privileges and Limitations

IX. CONCLUSION

          Revolution UAS petition for exemption satisfies the criteria articulated in Section 333 of
        the Reform Act of 2012. The proposed UAS operations set forth in this petition not set
        precedent with previously approved exemptions. Approving this exemption, will benefit
        the public as a whole by improving safety, efficiency, cost and reducing the overall risk
        across a wide number of activities.

          Thank for your consideration. If you have any questions or need additional information
        to support the requested exemptions, please do not hesitate to contact me at:

          Doug Andriuk
          Phone: 301-266-2011
          Email: Doug@RevolutionUAS.com
