August 18, 2015

                                                      Exemption No. 11373A
                                                      Regulatory Docket No. FAA-2015-0060

Mr. Richard Bowden Dobbins
The Dobbins Company
3827 Cliff Crest Drive
Smyrna, GA 30080

Dear Mr. Dobbins:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your petition for an amendment. It explains
the basis for our decision, describes its effect, and lists any changes to the original conditions
and limitations.

By letter dated May 27, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) for
an amendment to your current exemption. That exemption from §§ 61.23(a) and (c),
61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1),
91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b) of Title 14, Code of
Federal Regulations (14 CFR) allows the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data
collection. You requested an amendment to add the SenseFly eXom.

In your petition, you indicate that there has been no change in the conditions and reasons
relative to public interest and safety that were the basis for granting the original exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested amendment to the exemption would not set a
precedent, and any delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner. The
unmanned aircraft authorized in the original grant are comparable in type, size, weight, speed
and operating capabilities to those in this petition.

Airworthiness Certification

In accordance with the statutory criteria provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in
reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited
operating area associated with the aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation
has determined that this aircraft meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA
finds that relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts,
                                                                                                 2

Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing
requirements of part 36, is not necessary.

Our Decision

The FAA has determined that the justification for the issuance of Exemption No. 11373
remains valid and is in the public interest. Therefore, under the authority contained
in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701, delegated to me by the Administrator, the operator is
granted an amendment to add new aircraft to its UAS operations.

The operator shall add this amendment to its original exemption.

Conditions and Limitations

All conditions and limitations within Grant of Exemption No. 11373 remain in effect except
as follows. Condition No. 1 has been updated to reflect the additional aircraft.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom 2,
    DJI Phantom 2 Vision, and SenseFly eXom when weighing less than 55 pounds
    including payload. Proposed operations of any other aircraft will require a new
    petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

This exemption terminates on April 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service
                         - 1 - HF. DOBINS COM PANY

May 27, 2015

United States Department of Transportation
Federal Aviation Administration
800 Independence Ave, SW
Washington, DC 20591

RE: Petition for Amendment of existing Section 333 Exemption for use of additional aircraft.

To whom it may concern:

Good day. My firm has recently been granted a Section 333 exemption and issued a COA for
using UAS for the collection of aerial data. Per this letter of request, I seek an amendment to our
existing 333 to allow the use of an additional aircraft that is of the same type, size and
aerodynamic characteristics of the aircraft our existing 333 was granted for. The following will
be included in this request: Name & information of Petitioner; Executive Summary; Reasons for
the Requested Amendment; Public Good; Description of UAV to be Deployed; Description of
Intended Commercial Operations and Operating Parameters. Also attached is a copy of the
existing 333 & COA and Extended User's Manual for the subject UAS.

PERSONAL INFORMATION

Name          Richard Bowden Dobbins (hereafter referred to as "Petitioner")

Company The Dobbins Company

Address       3827 Cliff Crest Dr.

              Smyrna, Georgia 30080

              404-451-1595

              rick@dobbinscompany.com

Current 333 Information
Section 333 Exemption No. 11373
Regulatory Docket No. FAA-2015-0060

EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
On April 17, 2015, the FAA granted The Dobbins Company a Section 333 rule exemption and a
Small UAS Operations 200 feet and below for Commercial Purposes COA for the purposes of
aerial data collection. A copy of the 333 and COA are made part of this request for review of the
details of issuance. This COA allows the use of a DJI Phantom 2 UAS. The petitioner seeks an
amendment to the existing 333 to allow, in addition to the Phantom 2, the use of a SenseFly
eXom quadcopter. The eXom is similar in many regards to the Phantom 2 in size, weight and

              P. O. Box 20001 · Atlanta, GA 30325 · 404-352-2638
aerodynamics. Itowever, the eXom is designed mainly for the purpose of aerial mapping and
infrastructure inspections such as bridges, cell phone towers, industrial complexes, etc. As
explained in detail below, the eXom is far more tecimologically advaneed than the Phantom 2 as
it has many built in sensors to facilitate its tasks. It is also a much more expensive platfotm.
Current cost of thc eXom is around $45,000 as compazed to the $1500 for the Phantom 2. The
intended uses of the eXom will notrequire flight above 200 feet and all requirements of the
existing COA will be coniplied with. The eXom is unique in today's UAS marketplace as it is
the only available UAS built specific,ally for low altitude infrastructure inspection and mapping.
Granting this amendment will allow this new technology to be used in many industries and
provide significant safety improvenients and cost savings to these businesses. "rhe public good
will is well served by allowing this amendment to be issued.

REASON OF . REQUESTED AMENDMENT
The eXom is manufactured by SenseFly. SenseFly is a subsidiary of Parrot Company. Founded
in 1994, Parrot creates, develops and markets, in addition to UAS, advanced consumer
teclmology products for Smattphones and tablets. Parrot also offers the most extensive range of
hands-free communication systems on the market for cars. Its globally recognized expertise in
the fields of mobile connectivity and multimedia around Smartphones has positioned Parrot as a
key player of in-ear infotaimnent.

SenseFly develops and produces aerial imaging drones for professional applications. These safe,
ultra-light and easy to use UAS are highly automated data collection tools and employed by
customers around the world in ftelds sueh as surveying, agriculture, GIS, industrial inspection,
mining and humanitariazr aid. SenseFly was founded in 2009 by a team of robotics researchers
and quickly became the industry leader in mapping drones. Today they continue to lead the way
in developing situationally aware systems that help professionals make better decisions.
ScnseFly is a world leader in manufacturing drones for industrial applications. All of their
products utilize state of tlre art technology and have exceptional safety records.

SenseFly's newest UAS, the eXom, is a quadcopter made specifically for industrial infrastructure
inspections and aerial mapping of small (<100 acres) tracts of land for agriculture, mining,
construction, etc. The eXom is built with matry sensors that allow it to get close to structures and
maintain a safe distance in order to properly collect both optical and thermal imaging. The eXom
can even bump up against stmctures without causing datnage to the aireraft or the strueture.

The Dobbins Company intends to use this UAS for low attitude infrastructure inspeetions and
mapping. All operations will be conducted under 200 feet in altitude and will alway s remain
under VLOS control.

PUBLIC .GOOD

The new technology offered by the eXom will a]Iow up close inspection of bridges, towers and
other hard to reach industrial facilities by the remote use of a UAS. Not only will this result in
significant cost savings for business, but it is much safer to inspect these types of structures
remotely by UAV. An example are cell phone towers. The eXom, with its wide array of sensors
can easily inspect and produce 3D maps of a tower for civil engineers to review on the ground.
The current method of inspecting a cell tower entails having tecluricians climb the tower to
inspect components. Many climbing deaths occur each year. The eXom eau eliminate the need to
climb towers on a regular basis and significantly cut down the injury rate of inspecting these
strnetures. Bridge inspections are another public good. There are over 600,000 bridges in
America today and they need inspecting on a regular basis. Ilowever, this is currently difficult
and requires many man-hours to conduct. The eXom can inspect a bridge with its optical and
thermal cameras in a small fraetion of the time it currently takes to perfonn t9rese tasks.
Railroads, DOTs and other government agencies are seen as prime candidates for using our UAS
bridge inspection services. Gratiting this amendment to the Petitioner would allow him to

provide this service. Further, the small UAS being utilized in this application will pose no threat
to the public given its small size and lack of combustible fuel when compared to larger mamred
aireraft. The operation of this UAS will minimize ecological damage and promote economic
growth by providing information to businesses & individuals in the metro Atlanta, north Georgia
and beyond.

DES.CRI.PTION OF. .UAV TO..BE DEPLOY. E. I) UNDER REQUESTED AMEN. D... M_ E_.N...T...

The eXom is a quadcopter similar in size and weight to the cuffently approved Phantom 2. The
following are its specifications:

AIRFRAME                       3.71bs
Weight                         31.5"x22.1 "x6.8"
Diinensions                    27MPH
Mas Airspeed                   23 Ft/Sec
Max Climb                      22 MPH
Max Wind Component             -10 to 40C
Operating temperature          Approx. 22 min.
Nominal Endurance Time         Carbon Structure & conrposite parts
Material                       3-cell 8500mAh LiPo
Battery                        4 Electric Brushless Motors
Propulsion

'sYG7iAYT1 '7. x.,             38MP
Main Camera-Stills             I-1D (1280X720 Px)
Main Camera-Video              80x60 Ps
Thermal Camera                 640x480Px
NavCam Video                   20 Ft
Ultrasonic Sensors (x6) range
                               1:2 miles
COMMUNICATIONS                 2.4 GHz & 5 GHz ISM bands
                               MiMo 2x2 with spatial Diversity
Ground Modem                   OFDM or DSSS
                               Up to 630 mW
Range                          Dual Omnidirectional
Frequency
Streams
Transmission Mode
Radiated Power
Antennas
Serntrity       WPA Lncryption

Remote Control  2.4 GHz
                0.5 mites
Frequency
Range

SOFTWARE
The eXom comes with two sof4ware packages-- eMotion X and Postflight Terra 3D. The
eMotion is the software that controls the UAS where the Postflight is for rendering images on the
ground. eMotion X gives operators interactivity with the eXom and provides telemetry. eMotion
also allows operators the ability to have enhanced manual control or strict manual control. There
are many safety feahn·es with eMotion such as systetn monitors, malfunction alerts and safety
alerts. eMotion allows for the construction of a geofence where the UAS will return to Home if it
crosses 8re fence parameters. And along with its GPS capabilities, the eXom has the capability of
Return to Home or Land Immediately in case of emergency or catastrophic failure.

PRFFLIGHT

The petitioner will always follow procedures outlined in the UAS operator's manual as to proper
preflight inspection of all hardware, software, environment and any other factors needed to
ensure a safe flight. As well as compty with the existing COA.

DESC....R...IPTION O_..F .I.NTENDE.D._.CO_M..M.E..R.CIAL OP...E...R..ATION..S.....W..ITH A..D...D...ITION_A..L..

UAS
Petitioner intends to solicit work for aerial infrastructure inspections from tower operators,
railroads, DOTs, construction contractors, mining operators, etc. This work will always be
condueted with the permission of the properry owner or their respective agent. Plight operations
will be restricted to flights directly over the property that has granted permission. Given the type
of work being targeted here, the Petitioner does not foresee any instance where the UAS would
be flown over any crowds or assemblages of people in an open-air environment. If in fact there is
any job that does entail flights over crowds, petitioner will elect not to make said flight. Safety
will always be the primary concem regarding any flight at any time.

.U.A..S..O..P..E.._R..A. T.I.N._G..P..A.R.._A_M.._E.T..E_R..S.
The UAS being deployed iu this amendment requests can fly at a speed of approsimately 25

knots. However, given the intended use describe here, this speed will never be necessary. Much

slower speeds are prefetTed to collect the imaging material needed.

Although the UAS being deployed has an approximate control link distance of 1.5 miles, this is
much more than VLOS will allow. Petitioner agrees never to fly UAS outside of VLOS.

Petitioner will only fly UAS during the day in VMC conditions. Given the petitioner agrees to
never fly higher than 200 feet AGL, distance from clouds should not be a factor if flown in VMC
conditlons.

Petitioner agrees to use a Visual Observer (VO) during all operations. The VO will be used to
help assure VLOS at all times.
The UAS will not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point as denoted on a
current FAA published aeronautical chart without permission from the airport manager.
The UAS being deployed with this amendment request has the capability of using GPS signals to
return to its initial point of take off if connection with the radio control link is lost.
The petitioner agrees to yield right of way to all manned aviation activities at all times.
CLOSING
The Petitioner believes that amendment to our existing 333 exemption is warranted given
Petitioner's background as a Private Pilot, the nature of the type of UAS flights that will be
undertaken, the size & weight of the UAS being deployed, the safety precautions to the general
public and the NAS the Petitioner intends to adhere to, the positive environmental impact the
flight operations would have compared to manned fuel consuming missions and the economic
benefit the Petitioner's business would have in this new area of aviation.
Thank you for your review of this matter. Please feel free to contact me at any time with any
questions regarding this matter.
Respectfull submitted,

                                       <

  /I
Richard Bowden Dobbins

                                                                                                                5
X                 8001ndependence nve. S W
                  Wasnmglon. DO 20591
US Department
otTransportotion
iederalAviatiat
Administrafion

April 17, 2015

                                                                         Exclnption No. 11373
                                                                         Regulatory Docket No. FAA-2015-0060

Mr. Richard Bowden Dobbins
The Dobbins Colnpany
3827 Cliff Crest Drive
Smyrna, GA 30080

Dear Mr. Dobbins:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. [t transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and lilnitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

The Basis far Our Decision

By latter dated January 12, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Adlninistration (FAA)
on behalf of The Dobbins Company (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an esemption. The
exemption would allow the petitioner to operate an unmanned aireratt system (UAS) to
conduct real estate inspections.

See Appendix A for dte petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioncr seeks an exelnption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Aircvorthiness Certiflcation

The UAS proposed by the petitioner are the DJI Phantom 2 and DJI Phantom 2 Vision
In accordance with the statutory criteria provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in
reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited
operating area associated witli the aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation
has determined that this aircraft nieets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA
finds that the relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certifrcation procedures,for products and parts,
Subpar! H--Airworthiteess Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing
requirements of part 36, is not necessary.

Thc Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circutnstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your pctition.
ht Cn'ants of Exeinption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-20I4-0352),
I 1109 to Clayeo, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Ine. (see Doel<et No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
erew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying erew in
addition to t7ammable fucl, gives the FAA good cause to find that t'he UAS operation enabled
by this esemption is in t'he public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

·"I'hey are siinilar iu all inaterial respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
     Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

· The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
     11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

· A grant of exemption is in the public interesl.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, 1 find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, The Dobbins Company is granted an exemption from
14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 9I.119(c),
91.121, 91.151(a)( I), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)( I), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to
the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to pertbrin aerial data collection.
This exeinption is subject to the conditions and liinitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, The Dobbins Company is hereafler referred to as the operator
Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the iininediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

      I. Operations authorized by this grant of esemption are limited to the DJI Phantom 2 and
           DJl Phantom 2 Vision when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload.
           Proposed operations of any other airerafY will require a new petition or a petition to
           amend lhis esemption.

     2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television tihning are nat
           permitted.

     3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
           exemption holder tnay use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
           coinpliance w·ith the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
           airspeeds greater than the maximuin UA operating airspeed recommended by the
           aircraftinanufacturer.

     4. The UA nmst be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
           (AGL). Altittide inust be reported in feet AGL.

     5. The UA must be operated witliin visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
          This requires the PIC lo be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
          corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
           U.S. driver's license.

     6. AII operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
          the visual line of sight (VLOS) of tJte PIC and VO atall times. The VO may be used
          to satisfy the VI.OS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
          capability. The VO and PIC must be able to cominunicate verbally at all times;
          electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operat{ons. The PIC inust
           be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
          duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
          required ofthe VO.

          This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
          opei'ations in accordanee with the eonditions and liinitations stated in this grant of
          exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
          docutnents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
          Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exisls between the conditions and
           limitations in this exeinption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
          the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
          Odterwise, the operator inust follow the procedwes as outlined in its operating
          docuntents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
          operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
     docuinents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
     operator inust also present updated and revised docunicnts if it petitions for extension
     or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator deterinines that any update or
     revision would affect the basis upon which lhe FAA granted lhis esemption, then lhe
     operalor must petition for an amendment to its grant of eseinption. The FAA's UAS
     Integration OfPice (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding updates or
     revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS tltat has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
     or flight eharacteristics, e.g. replaceinent of a Oight critical component, must undergo
     a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
     Functional tesl tlights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
     Ieast 500 feet froin other people. The funetional test flight must be conducted in such
     a tnanner so as to not pose an unduc hazard to persons and property.

9. The operalor is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure lhat it is
     in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-fligltt inspection and deterinine the
     UAS is in a condition for safe 1'light. The pre-tlight inspeetion inust aceount for all
     potential discrepancies, e.g. inoperable coinponents, items, or equipment. IPtlie
     inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
     prohibited front operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
     UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's inaintenance, overliaul,
     replacement, {nspection, and life limil requirements for the aireraft and airerall
     components.

12. Gaeh UAS operated under this exemption must coinply with all manufacturer safety
     bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC inust hold either an airline transport,
     coinmercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certifieate. The P[C must also hold a
     current FAA airman inedical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's licernse issued by a
     state, the District of Colombia, Puer[o Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
     government. Thc PIC niust also meel the flighl review requirements specified in
      14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the P1C is rated on his or her pilot certificale.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
     ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
     operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
     maintaining appropriate distanees from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
     qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
     14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of naining the operator's P I Cs and VOs
    (training, proficieney, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability lo
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent wit'h how the UAS will be operated
    under dhis exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. I{owever,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-btiilding flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducled dttring night, as defined in 14 CFR § I.I. AII
    operations inust be conducted tinder visual meteorologieal eonditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA inay not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport referenee point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or For airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airpoit symbol as denoted on the current FAA-
    published aeronautical chart, tinless a letter of agrceinent with that airport's
    management is obtained or olherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement ofticial upon request.

17.The UA inay not be operated less than 500 feot below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. [f the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a pre-
    deterinined location within the private or eontrolled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergeneies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a Elight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate a8er that for at least flve minutes or with the reserve
    power recoininended by the manufactarer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). AII
    operations shall be conducted in aceordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    eseniption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be eondueted under the terms of the atteched COA.

22. AII aireraft operated in accordanee with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification (N-
    Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings inust be
    as Iarge as practicable.
    23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe opera.tion and flight of the UAS and
          any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
          PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating. These
          documents inust be made avzilable to the Adminisnator or any law enforeement
          offeial upon request,

    24. Tlte UA must remain clear and give way to all inanned aviation operations and
          activities at all tiines.

   25. The UAS inay not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

   26. AII Flight operalions must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating

          persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:

          a. Barriers or structures are present that sufflciently protect nonparticipating persons

                 from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure

              that nonpartieipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises

                 where nonparticipating persons leave such proteetion and are within 500 feet of
                 the UA, flight operations must cease iminediat'ely in a manner ensuring the safety
                 of nonparticipating persons; and
            b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or slructures has granted perinission
                 for operating closer t'o those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
                 the risk of operating closer to thosa objects and determined that it does not

            present an undue hazard.

         The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
          nonpai'ticipating persons under this exemption.

   27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with

         permission from the property ownedcontroller or atithorized representative.
          Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
         obtzined for each flight to be eonducted.

    28. Any incident, aecident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
         boundaries ol'the operational area as defined by tite applicable COA must be reported

        to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Aecidents must be
        reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions

         contained on the NTSB Web sile: t~~aw.ntsb.eoa .

If this exentption permit's operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and

television filming and prodtiction, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

    29. Thc operator inust have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.
    30. At lezst 3 days before aerial fihning, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exeinption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) v.·ithjurisdiction over the area of proposed filrning. Thc 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include al least the following:
           a. Dales and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone nuinbcr of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
               under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
               the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used:
           e. Name and certiCGcate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A slatement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
               and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
               who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exeinption holder or representative; and
           h. A description o'f the flight activity, including maps or diagams of any area, city,
               town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
               essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet froin participating persons
         eonsenting to be involved and necessary for the fitming produetion, as specified in the
         exeinption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.

This exeinption terminates on April 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,

/S/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service
January az, 2015

United States Department of'I7ansportation
Federal Aviation Administration

800 Independence Ave, S W

Washington, DC 20591

RE: Petition for fixemption from certain Title ig CFRs in regards to Section 333 of the
FAAMode.rnization & Reforni Aet of 2ot2 concerning Unmanned Aerial Systems (UAS)

To whom it may concern:

Good day. Per this letter of request, I secic exeniption from sevreral Tttle tq CFBs that
relzte to the commercial use of unmanned aerial systenrs (UAS). Tlre following will be
included in this request: Name & information of Petitioner; Executive Snmmary of
Petitioner summarizing the rules Petitioner seeks exemption from and reasons the

ezeinptions would serve the pubtic good; SpeeificTitle rq CFRs lo which an exemption
is sought; the extent & reasons for the re4uested exemptions; reasons why safety would

not be compromised.

PER80NAL INPORI~ IATION

Naine    Richard I3owden Dobbins (hereafter rcferred to as "Petitioner")
Company 'CheDobbinsConrpauy

Address  3827C1iffCrestDr.

         Smyrna, Georgia 30080

         904 -451 -1595

         rick (r7i dobbinscompanv.coni

EXECUTIVF, SUMbIARY
The Petltioner was born on Deceniher 9, 1959 in Atlmrta, Ga. and is a U9 citizen.l9e is
the CEO ofThe Dobbins Cmnpany which has been in business since 1975. The Dobbins
Company is a consulting firm whose primary clients are banks and commercial finance
companies located mainly in the southcast USA. Tlre petitioner is a Itcensed private pilot
Nvitlr an instrument rating. 1-le has previonsly owned a 1975 Cessna Cardinal RG.
I'etltioner hns never been cited for any FAAviolations. Since 2013, Petitioner has owned
u DJI Phantom 2 and n Phantom z Vision UAS. As a hobbyist, Petitioner has become
very proficfent wtth the Phantom models wittr ovec roo hours fiown in type. Petitioner Is
requesting an escinption from the current rules in Section 333 which govern the uses of
UASs for commercial purposes. The Petitioner seeks autlrorizatian to perform
comniercial UAS operations for real estate inspections. This would include residential,
commercial and rural properties. Prospective customers and clients would include real

                  P. O.  o.c 20001 · Atluntn, CA 3e325' 904-352-2638
estate agents & brokers, manzgement companies, insm ance companies & vendors,
banks and private property owners.

The Tltle 14 CFRs exeniptions that this request eneails are 61.1 13(a) &(b); 91.7(a);
91.1197 9 1 . 121 l9 1 . 151(a){ 91.405; 91 407(a)S 91 409(a)(1)
for request are cited below.                                      Pi(z);  91.417(a) S(b).  Reasons

PUELIC GOOD

Aeriul videograpby for geograpliical awareness and for real es-tate marketing and
inspections has been around for a long time throngh ntanned fixed wing aircraft and
helicopters. But far small business awners, its expense has been cost-prohibitive.
Granting this esemption to the Petitioner would allow ltiin to provide this sendce at a
much lower cost. Purther, the small UAS being ntilized in this applieafion will pose no
threat to the pubiic given its small size and lack of combustible fuel when compared to
larger manned aireraft. The operation of this U A 5 wdll mininrize ecological damage
and promote economic growth by providing intormation to businesses & individuals in
the metro Atlanta and north Georgia area.

DESCRIPTION OF IJAV TO EL+ DEPLOYED UN D F.R REOUESTED
EXEMPTIONS
Petitioner currently owns a DSI Pliantom 2 quad copter and a DJI Phantom 2 Vision
quad copte.r. These nre virtually the same model of UAV. The difference is in cumera
capabilities and slightly different control linl:s. Tbe petitioner intends to use the
Phantom 2 as the primary UAV in comntercial applications described lterein. The
Phantom? is a quad capter that czn take off and land vei4ically. It weighs approximately
31bs. and has a maxinmm airspeed ofapprosimately 25lcnots. This UAS uses lithium
polynrer batteries which have approximately 20-25 minutes of total cliarge time. This
gives this UAS upproximately 12-15 minutes of flight time with suffictent remaining
battery charge to land safely. The particular model of Phantom z being utilized under
this request for exemption has Pirst Person View (PPV) which allows the PIC to visually
monitor certain telemetry data on a ground station monftor including altitude (AGL),
GPS signal strength, battery charge informatfon, etc. This FPV also gives the PIC lddeo
feed fronr the attached GoPro camera showing what images arebeing captured. This is a
significant safety feature as it shows the attitude ofthe UAS and its forward direction.
However, this PPV feature will never be used as e tool to deviate from VLOS operation
by the PIQ

PREBLIGHT
The petitionerNvill always follow procedures outlined in the UAS operator's manual as to
proper preflight inspection of all bardware, software, environment and anyother factors
needed to ensure a safe (]ight.
FCC llVFOR.rIATION
The L'AS be deployed here is a DJI Phantom z. The control link operates on the 2.4 GFIz
ISM radio frequency, its published range is ro(o meters f328o feet). The rece4ver
sensitivity is -97dDm.

PIC QUAidRICATIO NyS
The petitioner holds a FAA Private Pilot's License with an instrument rating. Petitioner
Irzs over 600 hours PIC time in a varlety of Cessna znd Piper aircraft with the majolity
being in the 1975 Cessna 177RG he previously owned. Petitioner has oswned the UAS
described above since 2013 and has over roo hours in this type of IIAS as a hobbyist.
The petitioner envisions being the PIC in all operations thatwill be performed under the
requested rule exemptions and the subsequent COA request. IIowever, if another P1C is
used for these operations, petitioner agrees that any PIC of tlre UAS in the envisioned
operatians v+dll hold at least a PAA Private pilots certificate, hold at least a 3"d class
medical certifrcate, have no less than 25 hours of PIC time in the UAS bcing deployed
before beginning any type of commercial for hire operations and conform to all safety
protocols.

DESCItIPTION OF INTPNDFD CO'VIMERCIAi OPLRATIONS
Petitioner intends to solicit work for aerial real estate inspections from real estate agents
& bralcers, insurmrce companies & related vendors, bnnks and private property owners
to provide photography and videography of residentinl, commercial and rural real
e.state. This work will always be conducted with the per:nission af the property· mvner or
their respective agent. Flight operations will be restricted to flights dirrectly over the
property thaL has granted permission. Given the type of work being targeted here, the
Petitioner does not foresee any instence ivhere the UAS would be flown over any crowds
or assenrblages of people in an open air environment. If in fact anyjob does entail flights
oecr crowds, petitioner will elect not to make said flight. SafeLywlll alivays be the
primary concern regarding any flight at any time.

Petitioner agrees to place a sign during any flight operation that says: CAUTION-
UNMlv*INED AERIAL VEHICLE IN OPERA7']ON. STAY BACK roo FEET FROM
AIRCIU,Fr.

l7ASOPERATINGPARAMETEHB
Tlre UAS being deploycd in these esemption reauest can fly at a speed of approximately
25 knots. However, given the intended use describe here, this speed will never be
necessary. Much slower speeds zrc preferred to collect the photographic tnaterial
needed.

Although the UAS being deployed has an approximatg control link distance of 3/4 mlle,
this is much niore thun VLOS will allaw. Petitioner agrees never to fly UAS outside of
VLOS.

Petitlonor will only fly UAS during the day in VMC conditions. Given the petitioner
agrees to never fly higher than 300 fect AGL, distance from clouds should not be a factor
ifYlown in VD1C condittons.
Petitioner agrees to use a Visual Obsetver (VO) during all operations. The VO ivill be
used to help assure VLOS at all limes.

The UAS tidll not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point as
denoted on a current FAA published aeronautical chat4.

The UAS being deployed cvith these exemption requests has the capability of using GPS
signals to return to its initial point of take off if connection wltb t7re radio cantrol link fs
lost.

The petitioner agrees to yield right of way to all manned aviation activities at all times.

F:XHMPTION R. ./2UPSTS
The following are a list of Title 14 CPAs which fhe petitioner seeks exemption. Please
note that the Pefitioner has used Sxemption No. 11138 to Uouglas Trudeau (Regulatory
Oocl:et No. FAA-2014-048r) as a reference. Given that the petitioner and 11r. Trudeau
intend to use the exemptions in similar manners and botlt use similar equipment, it
seemed prudent not to bnrden the reviewer in this matter with exemption requests that
have been previously deemed that celieve was not necessary. These rules are Part 21,
45-23(b), 9rA(b)(2), 9 1,1 03(b), 91.109 and gx203(a) &(b). If the reviewer believes that
these rules need to be addressed in this request, the petitioner will make a snpplemental
request including these additional rule exemptlons.

RULL 6r:ir s PRNATP ('ILOT PREVELEGES AND LI&IITATIONS
The Petitioner currently holds an PAA Private Pilot Certificate with an Instrument
Rating (a copy of this certificate is included in supplemental material as part of this
request). In addilion to the certificate, Petitioner agrees to maintain a 3r" Class Medical
Certificate. However, petitionerhas an eye sight problem that may cause rejection of the
medical unless addressed by rule exemption. Petitioner has what is called a uniiateral
papifledema of the right eye. This is an inflantmation of the rfght optic nerve to which
there is no cure ar corrective lens solution.'17tis cnmses blurriness in lhe right eye. The
left eye has 20/20 vision and when using both eyes, Petitioner has 2o/2o long distance
sight. Corrective lens are need for rending. This sight condition has caused Petitioner to
cease operating nianned aircraft. However, this condition does not affect Petitioner's
ability to operate a UAS in any way. The petitioner seeks an esemption from some
eyesight requirements for the 3rd Class medical certificate.

As to private pilot limitations concerning operations for ltire or compensation, it seems
that Gxemption No. uoGZ to A.straeus has allowed this cxemption previously and was
noted in the Trudeau Exenrptlon No. 11138 ,

As to airmansltip skills, the Petitioner has been operating his UAS since?or3 and lUas
over too hours of Flight tiine. Petitioner currently fly's this U.AS several hours z month
as a hobby and is very profrcient and bas ttie skills to maintain altitudc, maintain VLOS,
aavigate, avoid obstacles, avoid air traffic and respond to loss of control link. Petitioner
understands that he mnst make at least 3 takeoffs and landings withfn a 90 day perriod
for cttrrency purposes.
RL'LE or.v(a) CIVIL AIRCRAIT.AI12XNORTIiINESS
There is no current PAA regulatory standard for determining ainvorthiness ofUA9 and
there is no certificate currently available for UAS ainvorthiness. Petitioner seeks an
exemption from this rule by ensuring that the UAS is in an airworthy conditionbased on
conipliance witlr the operating documents prior to evety flight. Flight manuals nnd otlter
important documents will be kept in a loeation readily accessible to the PIC nt ell times.

RULE nr.rin(c) MINIMUM SAFEALTITUDES
91.1 i9 prescribes safe altitudes for the operation of civil aireraft, butit ellows helicopters
to be operated at lower altltudes in certain conditions. Pelitioner seeks an exemption
from this rule as Petitioner will only operate the UAS in a range from ground level up to
but not exceeding goo feet (AGL) znd will only operate in safe areas away from the
publlc lhus providing a level of safety not available to manned aircraft. The petitioner
asserCs that given the size, weight, tnaneuverability and speed of the UAS, an eqtdvalent
or Iiigher level of safety will he achieved that from conventional manned helicopters.

Petitioner will avoid activelypopulated areas.'these areas will be interpreted to inrinde
areas on a RVR chart depicted in vellow and will be supplemented with informetion
from a P'ligbts Standard District Offlce (FSDO). Petifloner intends to operate the UAS
over real esfate for inspection purposes. Petitioner ivill not operate over any assemblage
of people in an open air environment

Per the exemption granted in No, u135 concerning 9Lia9(e), Pelitioner ugrees to uct in
strict accordanee to that esemption. However, Petitioner seeks zn exempfion from the
rule stipulatiug tlrat a UAS cannot be operated witlhin goofeet of a structure withaut
permission af the omner. Given the intended use Petitimter ivill use these exemptions
for, which is for photograplry and videography of real estate for marketing & inspection
purposes, agreement from the engnging property owner or their agent is an absolute
necessity.'ltre UAS will only be flown over properties with this pemiissian. However,
given the housing density in the Atlanta, GA area, maintuining a 500 foot distance from
other structures even while strictly flying over a perniission granting owner's property is
impossible in many instances. The Petitioner seeks an exemption to this rule which
would allow a 5o'stand-off from other structures as long as the UAS is operated
completely over and within the propertyboundary lines of a permission granting
property owner. Petitioner agrees to always keep privacy rights of other property owners
in mind and will never engage a UAS in any type of surveillance or spying.

RUL~,I .au ALTIMETER SETTINGS
Petitioners' UAS has GPS derived altitude capabilities Nvith a baromatric sensor. The
petilioner believes this cule in not applicable to the UAS operations iniended.

RULE ov.iFi(a) FUEL REOUII2EMEN'PS FOR FLIGIIT IN VFR CONDITIONS
Pefitioner seeks relief from this rule due to thc UAS being deployed is battery operated
and thereqairements under this rule are not appliczble. The UAV in question has First
Person Vision capabilities which transmits certain telemetry to a monitor where the PIC
can monitor certain aspects ofthe flight inclttding battery level. A typical battery for a
Phantom 2 U.4S will last approximately 20-25 minutes before total exhaustion. Certain
battery lecel warnings sre set wherc the PIC will know when the battery state is at 30^6
and 15% remaining charge lovelx. Th[s will normally allow z flight Of rz -- 15 m[nutes

with snfficicnt hattery charge to mzke a safe landing. Petitioner will never beg[n a tlight
unless a fully charged battery is used-

RULC qi,zlo                                                       ION

AFPERNAINTENANCP PREBVENTITIVEMAINPENANCE RBBUILDINC

OBALTERA'PION; nr aoo( )(2) INSPECTIONS nt axo(a)(b)

MAINTENANCE RECORDS

Petitioner seeks relief from thesc rules dne to it being an alternate inspectfon

requirement of 91.409(a)(2). The Petitioner will inspect and onsme UAS Is in a

conditlon for snfe flight and adhere to all operating documen[s.

SUPPLEMENI'AL INPOIIIV[ATION

R'he Petitioner has provided t'he following information to support these requests for rule
exemptions:
r) Copy of petitioners FAA Private Pllot's License, 2) Phentom 2 User Mnnual v. 1 . 04. 3)
NAZA M-V2 Main Controller Qtdck Star[ Guidev.t.26 (Tltis is the micro cvntroller that
operates the UAS), S) iOSD Mini User Manoal (This provides telemetry data during
flight).

CLOSING

The Petftloner belicves that exemption from the above listed Title 14 CPRS is warranted
given Petitioner's hackground as a Private Pilot, the nature of the type of UAS fligh(s
that will be und¢rtaken, [he size & weight of the U AS being deployed, the safety
precautions to thegeneral public and the NAS the Petitioner intends to adlmre to, the
positive environmental impact the flight operatious would have compared to manned
fuel consnining missions und the economiebenefit the Petitloner's business would have
in this new area of aviatian.

Thank cou foryour review of this inaCter. Please feel free to eontact me at anytimewith
any qnestions regarding this matter.

Respectfully sub,mitted,
                    /i

Richarrll3mvden Dobbins
FAA FORM 7711-1 UAS COA Attachment  Page 1 of 6
                  FAA-2015-0060

                                       DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION
                                      FEDERAL AVIATION ADMINISTRATION
                              CERTIFICATE OF WAIVER OR AUTHORIZATION
ISSUED TO
The Dobbins Company
3827 Cliff Crest Drive
Smyrna, GA 30080

    This certificate is issued for the operations specifically described hereinafter. No person shall conduct
any operation pursuant to the autliority of this certificate exeept in accordance with the standard and special
provisions contained iv this certificate, and such other requirements of the Federal Aviation Regulations not
s ecifically waived by this certificate.
OPERATIONSAUTHORIZED
Operation of the DJI Phantom 2 and DJI Phantom 2 Vision Unmanned Aircraft Systems at or below 200
feet Above Ground Leval (AGL) for the purpose of aerial data collection.

LIST OF WAIVED REGULATIONS BY SECTION AND TITLE
N/A

                                                STANDARD PROVISIONS
1. A copy of the application made for this certificate sliall be attached and becwme a part hereof.
2. This certificate shall be presented for inspection upon the request of any authorized representative of the
Federal Aviation Administration, or of any State or nnwicipal official charged with the duty of enforcing
local laws or regulations.
3. The holder of tltis certificate shall be responsible for the sttict observance of the tenns and provisions
contained herein.
4. This certificate is nontransferable.

Note-This eertificate constitutes a waiver of those Federal rules or regulations specifically refeffed to
above. It does not constitute a waiver of any State law or local ordinance.

                                                  SPECIAL PROVISIONS
S ecial Provisions are set forth and attached.
This certificate FAA-2015-0060-333E is effective from April 17, 2015 to April 30, 2017 and is subjectto
cancellation at any time upon notice by the Administrator or his/her authorized representative.

BY DIRECTION OF THE ADMINISTRATOR

FAA Headquarters- AJV-115               /S/
            (Region)
                                    Jacaueline R. Jackson
         April 10, 2015                    (Signature)
            (Date)
                           Manaaer. UAS Tactical Onerations Section
   FAA Form 7711-1 (7-74)                  (Title)

                           Small UAS Operations 200 feet and below for
                                         Commercial Purposes March 2015
                            FAA FORM 7711-1 UAS COA Attachment  Page 2 of 6
                                               FAA-2015-0060

STANDARD PROVISIONS

A. General.

1. The approval of this COA is effective only with an approved FAA Grant of Exemption.

2. A copy of ihe COA including the special limitations must be immediately avaitable to all
    operational personnel at each operating location whenever UAS operations are being
    conducted.

3. This authorization may be canceled at any timc by the Administrator, the person
    autlhorized to grant the authorization, or the representative designated to monitor a
    speci8e operation. As a general rule, this authorization may be caneeled when it is no
    longer required, thcre is an abuse of its provisions, or when unforeseen safety factors
    develop. Failure to comply with the authorization is cause for cancellation. The operator
    will receive written notice of cancellation.

B. Safety of Flight.

1. Tbe operator or pilot in couvnand (PIC) is responsible for haltung or canceling ac[ivity in
    the COA area if, at any time, the safety of persons or property on the ground or in thc air
    is in jeopudy, or if there is a failure to cotnply with the terms or conditions of this
    authorization.

See-and-Avoid

Unmanned aircraft have no on-board pilot to perform see-and-avoid responsibilities;
therefore, when operating outside of active restricted and warning areas approved for
aviation activities, provisions must be made to ensure an equivalent level of safety exists
for unmanned operations consistent with 14 CFR Part 91 §91.11 l, §91.113 and §91.115.

a. The pilot in command (PIC) is responsible:

    · To remain clear and give way to alI manned aviation operations and activities at
         all times,

    · For the safety of persons or property on the sudace with respect to the UAS, and
    · For compliance with CFR Parts 91.111, 91.113 and 91.115

b. UAS pilots will cnsure there is a safe operaling distance between aviation activities
and unmanned aircraft (UA) at all times.

c. V isual observers must be usedd at all tinies and mainYain instantaneous communication
with the PIC.

d. The PIC is responsible to ensure visual observer(s) are

                                                      Small UAS Operations 200 feet and below for
                                                                    Commercial Purposes March 2015
                              FAA FORM 7711-1 UAS COA Attachment Page 3 of 6
                                                  FAA-2015-0060

              · Able to see the UA and the surrounding airspace throughout the entire flight, and

              · Able to provide the PIC with the UA's flight path, and proximity to all aviation
                  activities and other hazards (e.g., terrain, weather, structures) sufficiently for the
                  PIC to exercise effective control of the UA to prevent the UA from creating a
                  collision hazard.

         e. V isual observer(s) must be able to communicate clearly to the pilot any instructions
         required to remain clear of eonflicting haftie.

    2. Pilots are reminded to follow all federal regulations e.g. reinain clear of ail Teinporary
         Flight Restrictions, as well as following the exemption granted for their operation.

    3. The operator or delegated representative must not operate in Prohibited Areas, Special
         Flight Rule Areas or, the Washington National Capital Region Flight Restricted Zone.
         Such areas are clepicted on cliarts available at
         httn://www.faa.gov/air traffic/flizht info/aeronav/. Additionally, aircraft operators
         should beware of and avoid other areas identified in Notices to Airmen (NOTAMS)
         which restricts operations in proximity to Power Plants, Electric Substations, Dams,
         Wind Fanns, Oil Refineries, Industrial Complexes, National Parks, The Disney Resorts,
         Stadiums, Emergency Services, the Washington DC Metro Flight Restricted Zone,
         Militay or other Federal Faeilities.

    4. AII aireraft operated in accordance with this Certificate of Waiver/Authorization must be
         identified by serlal uumber, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have
         identification (N-Number) markings in accordance witli 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C.
         Markings must be) as large as practicable.

C. Reporting Requirements

     1. Documentation of all operations associated with UAS activities is required regardless of
         the airspace in which the UAS operates. NOTE: Negative (zero flights) reports are
         required.

    1 The operator must submit the following information through
         mailto:9-AJV-115-UASOrganizationna faa.aov on a monthly basis:
         a. Name of Operator, Exemption number and Aircraft registration number
         b. UAS type and model
         c. All operating locations, to include location city/name and latitude/longitude
         d. Number of fligllls (per location, per aircraft)
         e. Total airerafi operational hours
         f. Takeoff or Landing damage

                                                               Small UAS Operations 200 feet and below for
                                                                             Commercial Purposes March 2015
FAA FORM 7711-1 UAS COA Attachment  Page 4 of 6
                  FAA-2015-0060

g. Equipment malflinctions. Reportable malfunctions include, but are not limited to the
    following:
    (1) On-board flight control system
    (2) Navigation system
    (3) Powerplant failure in flight
    (4) Fuel system failure
    (5) Electrical system failure
    (6) Control station failure

3. The number and duration of lost link events (control, performance and health monitoring,
    or commwiications) per UA per flight.

D. No6ce to Airmen (NOTAM).

    A distant (D) NOTAM must be issued when unmanned aircraft operations are being
    conducted. This requirement may be accomplished:

    a. Through the operator's local base operations or NOTAM issuing authority, or

    b. By contacting the NOTAM Flight Service Station at 1-877-4-US-NTMS (1-877-487-
         6867) not more than 72 hours in advance, but not Iess than 24 hours prior to the
         operation, unless otherwise authorized as a special provision. The issuing agency will
         requice the:

         (1) Name and address ofthe pilot filing the NOTAM request

         (2) Location, altitude, or operating area

         (3) Time and nature of the activity.

AIR TRAFFIC CONTROL SPECIAL PROVISIONS

  A. CoordinaGon Requirements.

        1. Operator liling and the issuance of required distance (D) NOTAM, will serve as
            advance ATC facility notifieation of UAS operations in an area.

        2. Operator must cancel NOTAMs when UAS operations are completed or will not be
            conducted.

        3. Coordination and deconfliction between Military 17aining Routes (MTRs) is the
            operator's responsibility. When identifying an operational area the operator must
            evaluate whether an MTR will be afPected. In the event tlre UAS operational area
            overlaps (5 miles either sidc of centertine) an MTR, the operator will contact the
            scheduling agency 24 hours in advance to coordinate and deconflict. Approval from
            the scheduting agency is not required. Scheduling agencies are listed in the Area
            Planning AP/I B Military Planning Routes North and South America, if unable to gain

                                                               Small UAS Operations 200 feet and below for
                                                                             Coinmercial Purposes March 2015
                           FAA FORM 7711-1 UAS COA Attachment  Page 5 of 6
                                             FAA-2015-0060

          access to AP/1B contact the FAA at email address
          mailto:9-AJV-115-UASOreanization(rDfaa rcov with the IRNR routes affected and the
          FAA will provide the scheduling agency information. If prior coordination and
          deconfliction does not take place 24 hours in advance, the operator must remain clear
          of all MTRs.

B. Communication Requirements.

      1. When operating in the vicinity of an airport without an operating control tower,
          announce your operations in accordance with the FAA Aeronautical Information
          Manual (AIM) 4-I-9 TrafFrc Advisory Practices at Airports without Operating Control
          Towers.

C. Flight Planning Requirements.

    "I'his COA will allow small UAS (55 pounds or less) operations during daytime VFR
    conditions under the following conditions and limitations:

       (1) At or below 200 feet AGL; and

      (2) Beyond the following distances from the airport refcrence point (ARP) of a public use
           aitport, heliport, gliderport, or seaport listed in the Airport/Facility Direetory, Alaska
           Supplement, or Paeific Chart Supplement of the U.S. Government Flight Information
           Publications.
                a) 5 nautical miles (NM) from an aiiport having an operational control tower; or

                b) 3 NM from an airport having a published instniment flight procedure, but not
                    having an operational control tower; or

                c) 2 NM from an airpmt not having a published instrument flight procedure or an
                    operational control tov.·er; or

                d) 2 NM from a heliport

D. Emergency/Contingency Procedures.

  1. Lost Link/Lost Comniunieations Procedures:

      · If the UAS loses comtnunications or loses its GPS signal, thc UA must return to a
           pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property and land.

      · The PIC tnust abort the flight in the evcnt of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

   2. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
   boundaries defined in this COA must be reported to the FAA via email at

                                                             Small UAS Operations 200 feet and below for
                                                                           Commernial Purposes March 2015
                              FAA FORM 7711-1 UAS COA Attachment Page 6 of 6
                                                  FAA-2015-0060

     mailto:9-AJV-I 15-UASOreanization(rDfaa.gov within 24 hours. Accidents tnust be reported
     to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions contained on the
     NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov
AUTHORIZATION
This Certificate of Waiver or Authorization does not, in itself, waive any Title 14 Code of
Federal Regulations, nor any state law or local ordinance. Should the proposed operation
conflict with any state law or local ordinance, or require permission of local authorities or
property owners, it is the responsibility of the operator to resolve the matter. This COA does not
authorize flight within Special Use airspace without approval from the seheduling agency. The
operator is hereby authorized to operate the small Unmanned Aircraft Systam in the National
Airspace System.

                                                               Small UAS Operations 200 feet and below for
                                                                             Commercial Purposes March 2015
Extended User Manual - eXom

                    Revision 1/ April 2015

                           Copyright © 2015 senseFly Ltd

            senseFly

                                                   a PaCCot company
GENERALINFORMATION

READ THIS USER MANUAL CAREFULLY BEFORE USING A SENSEFLY LTD PRODUCT.
senseFly Ltd produfts are intended for professlunal use only.

Applicable Regulations

senseFly Ltd products are subject to Civil Aviation regulations. Regulatione may vary depending on the country
where you intend to operate your product.
ANY USE OF SENSEFLY LTD PRODUCTS IN BREACH OF THE LAW OF THE COUNTRY WHERE YOU OPERATE THE PRODUCT
15 UNDER YOUR SOLE RESPONSIBILITY.
INFORM YOUftSELF BEFORE USING THE PRODUCT. SOME COUNTRIES MAY HAVE LAWS THAT LIMIT THE USE OF UN-
MANNED AIRCRAFT TO'LINE-OF-5IGHT' OPERATIONS AND/OR PROHIBIT THE USE OF UNMANNED AIRCRAFT AT ALL
OR IN SPECIFIC AREAS.

Privacy

Recording and circulating an image of an individual may constitute an infringement of their image and privacy for
which you can be liable. Ask for authorization before taking pictures of an individual, particularly if you want to keep
your recordings and/or circulate images on the Web or any other medium. Do nat <irculate degrading images or
ones that could undermine the reputation or dignity of an individual. Check that your use of the cameras on board
senseFly Ltd products comply with the legal provision on privacy in the country where you operate your product.

Limited Warranty

SenseFly Ltd warrants that the product will be free from defects in material and workmanship for a period of twelve
p2) months from the date of deltvery- SenseFly Ltd further warrants that the product will perform substantially in
accordance with its speclficatlon. During the warranty perlod senseFly Ltd's sole Ilability shall be at senseFly Ltd's
sole option, either to repair or to replace the defective product with another product or a product with similar spec-
ifications, at no charge, or to reimburse the purchase price of the product, or if repair or replacement is not possible,
issue a credit note; provided however, that the defect has been confirmed by senseFly Ltd and that the defective
product is returned to seneeFly Ltd in accordancewith the support and repair form together with all required Flight
logfiles.
Warranty does not apply, without limitation, in case: a) the products are not stored and used according to their
specifications, b) the products are damaged due to carelessness, negligence, or wrong use by the user, and c) for
defects due to normal wear and tear including, but not limited to, deterioratian to the airframe after first flight,
normal degradation, misuse, moisture or liquids, proximity or exposure ta heat, accidents, excessive strain, abuse,
neglect, misapplication, repairs or modifications made by third party other than senseFly Ltd, damage due to manual
operation, damage due to take-off or landing location with obstacles, damage due to low altitudeFlight, damage due
to loss of data radio connection, damage due to strong wind, rain or humidity, or other causes for which senseFly Ltd
has no cantrol.
THE FOREGOING WARRANTIES ARE IN LIEU OF ALL WARRANTIES, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITH-
OUT LIMITATION ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND OF
ANY OTHER OBLIGATION ON THE PART OF SENSEFLY LTD.

Limitation of liability

TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL SENSEPLY LTD BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS OF REV-
ENUE, LOSS OF PROFIT, L055 OF DATA, OR INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, EVEN IF
5ENSEFLY LTD HAS BEEN NOTIFIED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, AND WHETHER THIS LIABILITY ARISES
FROM A CLAIM BASED ON CONTRACT, WARRANTY, TORT OR OTHERWISE, WITH THE EXCEPTION OF GROSS NEGLI-
GENCE AND DEATH.
YOU SHALL AT ALL TIMES OPERATE THE PRODUCT IN AREAS OR UNDER CIRCUMSTANCES SO AS TO GUARANTY SE-
CURITY AND SAFETY OF PEOPLE, PROPERTY AND ANIMALS.

Disposal of this product at the end of its life

              At the end of this product's life, please do not dispase of this product in your general household waste.
              Instead,inordertopreventpossibleharmtatheenvironmentorhumanhealthfromuncontrolledwaste
              disposal, please dispose of this product separately in accordance with your local laws and regulation. For
              more information on the separate collection systems for waste electrical and electronlc equipment that
are available for consumers, near your home, free of charge, please contact your local municipal authority.
You can also contact senseFly Ltd or the reseller from which you purchased yaur drone wha may provide recycling
services or be part of a recycling scheme.

Copyrights

senseFly Ltd reserves the riqht to mzke changes to specifications and product descriptions contained in this docu-
ment at any time without notice. Please <onsult www.sensefly.com for the latest release.
Copyright!a 2015 sensePly Ltd. AII rights reserved. REPRODUCTION, USE OR DISCLOSURE OF ALL OR IN PART OF THIS
MANUAL TO THIRD PARTIES WITHOUT THE PRIOR WRITTEN PERMISSION OF SENSEFLY LTD IS STRICTLY PROHIBITED.
Address

senseFly Ltd
Route de Geneve 38
1033 Cheseaux-Lausanne
Switzerland
Website: http://www.sensefly.com

Technical support

If you have questions about any of your senseFly products, please visit my.senseFly* where you'II find:
       · Our Knowledge Base.
       · Aformfor<ontactingsupport.

   'my.sensefly.com
Congratulations on your purchase of the eXom, a complex and powerful yet intu-
itive inspection and mapping system. We take great care to develop and design
the best possible hardware and software tools for quick, high-quality and easy-
to-use inspection and aerial mapping.

The eXom is a technologically advanced drone (UAV, RPAS or UAS) platform capa-
ble of manual, stabilised, pre-planned and interactiveflight and is equipped with
muititude of professional-grade sensors.

            Note: This manual refers to eMotion X and version 3.4 of Postflight
            Terra 30 software. The eXom req uires eMotion X. If you installed eMo-
             tion before purchasing your drone, check the version and upgrade if
             necessary. You can consult the Release Notes* for changes included
             in more recent versions ofthe software.

Package contents
The standard eXom package contains the following items:

     · tx carrying case with foam protection
    . 1 x eXom
     a 2 sets of 4 spare propellers
     . 4 x Lithium-Polymer battery packs
     s 2 x Lithium-Polymer battery charger (including cables)
     . 4 x spare legs
     · 8 x spare leg caps
     . 1x 2.4/5.8 GHz U5B ground modem for data link (including U5B cable)
     . 1x 2.4 GHz remote control (RC) (including 3 AA batteries)
     . 1x USB cable for interfacing with camera and on-board autopilot
     . 1x eXom User Manual

Depending on your order, your package may also include other items. Please ver-
ify upon delivery that your package is complete. In case of a missing item, please
contact your eXom reseller immediately.
Hardware features
The eXom has the following components:

    · Central body: The core of the eXom, housing its autopilot, image process-
        ing logic and communications.

     · Arms:Carbonfibrecompositearmsprovidealightweightandsturdystruc-
        ture.

     · Power button/status LED & strobe: Power button has an LED built into it
        that ind icates the cu rrent state of the eXom when on the ground and flashes
         brightly in the air.

     · Top cover: Light yet durable cover to protect the drone's electronics.

     · Sensor modufes: Composed of high-speed ultrasonic sensors and nav-
         cam, the 5 sensor modules (head, left, right, rear and bottom) are used for
         navigation, landing and situational awareness.

                Navcam: High-speed optical sensor that constantly analyses the eXom's

                                                     -

                surroundings for navigation and collision avoidance.
             - Ultrasonic transmitter: Emits ultrasound which is then picked up

                 by the ultrasonic receiver.
                Ultrasonic receiver: Detects the ultrasound emitted by the trans-
               mitter, allowing the eXom to measure its distance from a surface.

      · TripleView head: Stabilised head equipped with:

                 Main camera: Capable of capturing high-resolution video and still
                 imagery.
                Thermal camera: Capabl e of capturing high-resolution thermal video
                 and still imagery.
             - Flash: Able to provide high-intensity Flashes of light.
                 Headlamp: Provides lighting forvideo and navigation.
             - Head sensor module: Contains an ultrasonic transmitter, ultrasonic
                 receiver and navcam for navigation, landing and situational aware-
                 ness.

 10
· Propeller: Used to generate thrust. The eXom's propellers are detachable
   so that they can be easily replaced.

· Motor: Powers the propellers.

· Motor mount: Houses the motor and connections and supports the legs
   and shrouding.

· Motor cooling fins: Provide air cooling for the motors.

· Shrouding: Made of durable carbon fibre composite, it protects the pro-
   pellers and surfaces with which the drone might come into contact.

· Navigation Iights: Indicate the drone's position and orientation. The light
   on the left-hand (port) side shines red and the one on the right-hand (star-
   board) side shines green.

· Leg: Supports the eXom on the ground.

· Cap: Provides protection for the surface the drone lands on.

· Battery: The eXom is powered by a LiPo (Lithium Polymer) battery stored
   within the battery compartment.

· Battery compartment: Holds the removable battery.

· Battery release tabs: Squeeze the tabs to remove the battery.

· Battery level indicator: Press the button and a series of LEDs indicate the
    battery fevel.

· Bottom strobe: Positioned on the bottom of the drone, it indicates the
   drone's location when viewed from below.

· Port access cover: Protects the eXom's ports:

           SD card slot: Holds the SD card on which video and images are stored.
           Autopilot port: Used for upgrading your drone's firmware.
          Maintenance port: Only for use by senseFly support.

                                                                                                                        tl
               Maintenance button: Only for use by senseFly support.
               Maintenance switch: Only for use by senseFly support.
            Caution: The propellers spin at high speeds and can be potentially
            dangerous if they come into contact with exposed skin. Be sure to
            always keep your hands clear of the propellers when the battery is
            installed in your eXom.
            Caution: Proper care of your battery is essential. Please read section
            'Proper battery care' on page 90 before using your drone for the first
            time.

12
                                       Top

                      TripleView head                    Right sensor module
        Leftsensormodule                                  Power button/
                                                          status LEO & top strobe
Propeller

                 ~                     oP                     Frontarm

Topcover                                 if                   Reararm

Le9 ,~ Legclip

                                                       Rear sensor module

Shroudinq ~                                Port access cover
                                       I~ ~

                                                              Motor mount

                                                         J

C ap                                                                             Motor
                                                                                 cooling fins
     ~Malncamera                                                % Motor

  Headsensormodule                                       ~
                   Ultrasonictransmitter '~                                                       13
                                Left navcam
                        Ultrasonicreceiver

                                       Navigation light
                                    TripleView Head

                  Headlamp
                Head sensor

                      module
              Ultrasonic rec

                     Head w
          Ultrasonic transrr

14
                      i / / 11

Bottom sensor module                  Maintenancecover
         TripleViewhead
                                                                     >,a
                                   y

Batter                                ~
level
indicator                                             Bottom strobe
                                            Battery ~

Battery release tabs

                                                                          l5
    Ports

      Maintenanceport*                                                      /
    Mamtenancesmntch"-- f"~'-'1 --                                            J`

            444

                                                                            *Donotuse

    Battery

         . f..  Battery
    ......

    Battery level indicator--1-~:~--~ ,'

                                                                         ~

      Battery level button

16
         2.1.1   Visually inspect the drone                                                                                                                                                                            37
         2.1.2                                                                                                                                         . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                               39

                 Visually inspect the propellers ........ .. ..  .
                                                    .

         2.1.3   Check sensor and camera operation  . . . . . . . . . . .                                                                                                                                              40

         2.1.4   Pre-flight remote control check                                                                                                                                                                       41
         2.1.5                                                                                                                                                                     . . . . . . . . . . . . . .         42
         2.1.6                                                                                                                                                                                                         43
                 How to set the working area . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
                 How to remove the battery

                                                                                                                                                                . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

    2.2  About mission planning  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                                                                                                                                           43

         2.2.1   The setup phase of a flight plan                                                                                                                                                                      43
                                                                                                                                                                                            . . . . . . . . . . . . .

         2.2.2   About mission blocks                                                                                                                                                                                  44
         2.2.3                                                                                                                      . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                                              45

                 How to create a mission block . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

         12.4    How to edit a mission block . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                                                                                                                                           45

         2.2.5 How to assign a mission block to a drone ........ 46

         2.2.6   How to remove a mission block . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                                                                                                                                             46
         12.7    Choosing a take-off location . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                                                                                                                                            46

         2.2.8   Landing and the home waypoint                                                                                                                                                                         46
         22.9                                                                                                                                                                              . . . . . . . . . . . . .   47

                 Take-off and start mission  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

         2.2.10  Landing after a mission . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                                                                                                                                           48
         2.2.11                                                                                                                                                                                                        48
                 Emergencylanding .. ... . . . .            . . . .
                                             . . . . . . .

3   Manual  control  of  the                                                                                                                                                                                           50
                              eXom                                                                                                                                                                                     50
                                                                                                                                                                                                                       52
    3.1 About the remote control .....................                                                                                                                                                                 53
                                                                                                                                                                                                                       53
    3.2 About flight assistance . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                                                                                                                                          56
                                                                                                                                                                                                                       56
    3.3 How to change assistance level . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

    3.4 Using the remote control . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

    3.5 Take-off with manual flight . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

         3.5.1 Manuallanding . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

20
     3.5.2  Motor cut off  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                                                                                                                                         57
     3.5.3                                                                                                                                                                                                       57
            How to take manual control ofthe eXom in-flight ....

     3.5.4 How to climb using the remote control .......... 57

     3.5.5 How to hover using the remote control ......... 57

     3.5.6 How to yaw using the remote control .......... 58

     15.7 How to fly forward using the remote control ....... 58

     3.5.8  How to tilt and fly to the left or right using the remote
     3.5.9
            co ntro I  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                                                                                                                                     58
                                                                                                                                                                                                                 59
            How to stop the propellers using the remote control ..

     eMotion X3.5.10 Returning control to  . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                                                                                                                                           59
                                                                                                                                                                                                                 60
3.6  In-flight monitoring and control                                                                                                                                                                            60
3.7                                                                                                                                                                         . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  61
3.8
     Powering your eXom off . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

     About in-flight errors . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

4 Processing image data                                                                                                                                                                                          62
     4.1 Importing images and flight data . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                                                                                                                                      62
     4.2 In-field image quality check . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                                                                                                                                    63

11Advanced functionalities                                                                                                                                                                                       65

4.3 Waypoints and their properties . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 65

4.4 3D mission planning using elevation data . . . . . . . . . . . . . 65

4.5 Flight visualization in Google Earth T^^ . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .68

4.6 About the different phases of an autonomous mission ...... 69

5 eMotionX in·depth guide                                                                                                                                                                                        71
     5.1 Toolbar . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                                                                                                                                   71
     5.2 Control Bar . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                                                                                                                                   73

                                                                                                                                                                                                                 2
III Maintenance and Repair                                                          77

6 Maintenance and repair ofthe eXom                                                 78

    6.1 Attaching and detaching propellers  . . . . . . . . . .        . . . . . .  78

         6.1.1  How to detach a propeller   . . . . . . . . . .                         81

                                                                       . . . . . .

         6.1.2  How to attach the propellers 81. . . . . . . . .
                                                                       . . . . . .

    6.2  Changing a leg     . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                   83

                                                                       . . . . . .

    6.3 Changing a ground modem antenna        .........               . . . . . .  87

    6.4  Cleaning the eXom    . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                    87

                                                                       . . . . . .

    6.5  Storing the eXom 87. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
                                                                       . . . . . .

    6.6  Full inspection    . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                   87

                                                                       . . . . . .

         6.6.1  Check your motors    . .  .. ..  . . . . . . . .       . . . . . .  88

         6.6.2  Check inertial sensors  . . . . . . . . . . . . .      . . . . . .  88

         6.6.3  Check barometric pressure sensor     ......            . . . . . .  89

    6.7  Repairing the eXom airframe 89. . . . . . . . . . . . . .
                                                                       . . . . . .

    6.8  Proper battery care  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    . . . . . .  90

7 Troubleshooting                                                                   92

    7.1  About the autopilots  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .     . . . . . .  92

    7.2  In-flightwarnings    .....  ...........       ..                ..  ...    93

                                                     .                 .

    7.3  Critical failures  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                  96

                                                                       . . . . . .

    7.4  Improving radio signal communication    . . . . . . . .       . . . . . .  100

    7.5  Losing and locating your eXom in the field  ......                           101

                                                                       . . . . . .

    7.6  Reporting a problem with your eXom. . . . . . . . .                          102

                                                                       . . . . . .

    7.7  Maintenanceschedule   . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .       . . . . . .  102

22
IV Specifications        105

1 Software requirements   106
2 Dronespecifications     107

                         23
24
                                                                Part 1

                        Getting 5tarted

The first part ofthis document introduces you to the eXom and contains the basic
information you will need to plan and execute a flight.

A typical mission can be divided into three main phases:

   1. Planning: Every project begins with careful planning, whether it is a quick

        flight over a small area or a multi-stage flight in complex terrain. Section
        'Planning a flight' on the next page describes how to use the Mission Plan-
        ning feature to quickly generate a flight plan.

   1 Pre-flight preparation: In section'Executing a flight' on page 33 you will

        learn how to prepare your drone for flight.

   3.Executing a flight: Once planning and preparation is complete, it is time

        fo r the drone to perform its flight. Though the eXom can fol low a flight plan
        without interventionfrom take-offto landing, you can also modify its flight
        plan at any point during flight.

   4.Processing image data: The last step in a project is viewing images and

        video, or converting the images taken by your eXom into usable products
        such as precise geo-referenced orthomosaics or 3D terrain models. section
        'Processing image data' on page 62 leads you through the process of ob-
        taining the video and images the drone has recorded, checking ifthe image
        quality suits your needs while still in the field and producing advanced 2D
        and 3D maps.
          Started

    Planning a flight

            Goal of this section: This section introduces the eMotion X software
            used to interface with the eXom. It describes the steps required to fly
             your drone and plan a simple mapping flight.

1.1 Installing eMotion X, Postflight Terra 3D, and the ground
       modem drivers

You can download the latest version of eMotion X and PostflightTerra 3D at:

                                      http://my.sensefly.com

We recommend that you download and install Google Earth r"^ to take full advan-
tage of the features of eMotion X. You can find more information at the following
address:

                                    www.google.com/earth/

To install eMotion X on Windows, simply execute the provided installers for eMo-
tion X and PostFlight Terra 3D a nd follow the on-screen i nstructions. The eMotion X
and PostflightTerra 3D software will be available in the'Start' menu. Drivers for
the USB ground station ground modem will automatically be installed along with
eMotion X.
In case a problem arises after connecting the ground modem to the computer for
the first time you can find the drivers in one of the following directories (depend-
ing on your version of Windows):

       C:\Program Files\senseFly\eMotion X\usb-driver\
       C:\Program Files (x86)\senseFly\eMotion X\usb-driver\

26
                                                e

1.2 The eMotionX interface

                                       Sidebar     _®

                                       Sa:...^--_ ~ _......· .

                                                 .r O

                                                   za

                                       e ~~~f ·L:.':. ~ :._~..

                                                 I

navam                                  Mapd¢playl

Selettetl

rtavcamsfeed

                            Bonom bar

The main screen of eMotion X is split into several sections:

     . Main Area: The Main Area of eMotionX can display a map with the drone's
        current position, or the feed from the main or thermal cameras.

     s Control Bar: The Control Bar is used to issue various commands to the
        eXom while it is in flight, such as starting the mission phase or holding po-
        sition. It is also used to display and acknowledge warnings that may occur
        either before or during a flight.

     e Toolbar: The Toolbar contains buttons to switch between 2D and 3D, con-
        trol the layers, sources or map information and other display options re-
        lated to the Map Area. eMotion X can use many sources of mapping infor-
        mation.

     · sidebar: The sidebar is split into several tabs, each with a particular func-
        tion:

                                                    27
Getting Started

    e Sensor bar: The sensor bar displays the feed from the selected navcam.

        When viewing the main or thermal camera feed in the main area, you can
        also find the map in the sensor bar.

1.3 About flight plans

If you want your eXom to fly part of its mission autonomously, you must create a
flight plan, which is a path defined by a set of waypoints, or points in 3D space,
and a set of actions that can be performed at or in between waypoints, such as
taking images, capturing images, carrying out a manoeuvre, proceeding to the
next waypoint or landing.
A flight plan is shown in the Map Area using:

    a In 2D view, circles to represent waypoints.

     . In 3D view, vertical lines to representthe altitude ofthe drone with inverted
        cones to represent the waypoint itself.

1.4 Creating a new flight plan

eXom flights plans are made up of a series of blocks. Each block is made up of a
mission polygon and a series of waypoints.

           Note: Each block can be assigned to a different drone.

To create a flight plan:

   1. Click the Mission Planning tab in the eMotion X sidebar.

    2. Click to create a new block. A new mission polygon, including the required
        waypoints, is automatically calculated and displayed.

    3. Adjust the ground resolution and other mapping and mission parameters
        in the Mission Planning tab to suit your terrain and quality requirements.

28
    4. Click and drag the corners of the polygon to adjust its size and shape.

    5. Click and drag the home and mission waypoints to adjust their position.

    6. Click waypoints and edit their properties in the sidebar.

    7. Check the resulting flight characteristics in the tab. Once you are satisfied,
        upload the mission plan to the drone by clicking the'Upload' button.

Click the CtO button in the Toolbar to to toggle 3D mode on and off.
Review the flight plan to ensure that there is sufficient clearance between the
flight pian and the ground.

     i Caution: NeithereMotionX nor the automatic mission planning tool
             are awa re of obstacles in the area. I n addition, if you do not use eleva-
             tion data, the mission planning tool assumes that the mission area is
             flat and at the same altitude than the take-off location. It is also not
             aware of any legal restrictions (such as minimum or maximum alti-
             tude) that may apply in your region. The resulting flight plan should
             be carefully reviewed in order to avoid any collision with uneven ter-
             rain or tall objects such as buildings, and to comply with local regu-
             lations.

The final step after you have prepared a flight plan is to save it to a file that you
can load into the eXom when you are in the fieid. Select the Setup Phase tab from
the Sidebar, click on'Save flight plan to file..; choose a filename and location and
click'Save:

1.5 About the working area

The cylindrical volume of space in which the drone is allowed to fly is known as
the working area. Attempting to leave this area (fly out of the circle or over the
height limit defined) will cause the drone to raise a warning and carry out a secu-
rity action. The working area is represented by:

     . In 2D view, a large semi-transparent grey circle.

                                                                                                                 RM
          Started

     · In 3D view, a large semi-transparent grey cylinder.

See section'Waypoints and their properties' on page 65 for more information on
waypoints and the various symbols presented in the Map Area.
A complete eXom flight plan is divided into two separate phases: the setup phase
and the mission phase. The mission phase includes waypoints and actions related
to mapping and capturing images. The setup phase includes waypoints and ac-
tions related to take-off and landing. The setup phase is usually planned in the
field, and is explained in detail in section'About mission planning' on page 43.

1.6 The mission phase of a flight

To create a mapping flight for the systematic coverage of an area use the auto-
matic mission planning feature of eMotion X. By simply positioning a rectangle
around the area you would like to cover, eMotion X will generate a mission plan
optimised for the ground resolution that you desire.

            Note: For more complex terrain and missions, eMotion X has the abil-
             ity to set polygonal mission areas of any size and shape, and to auto-
             matically adjust waypoint altitudes based on elevation data.

Follow these steps to automatically setup waypoints for a mapping mission:

    1. Select the Mission Planning tab from the Sidebar. A grey zone will appear
        in the Map Area to designate the mission area to cover. Information such
        as size and position is overlaid on the area. A mission plan, including the
        required waypoints, is automatically calculated and displayed to preview
        the mission plan that will be created.

    2. Adjust the location, size, and shape of the mission area. The area can be
        relocated by dragging the gray zone. The four sq uare handles on the edges
        of the area can be used to resize it and the round handles on the corners of
        the area can be used to rotate it. As you adjust the area the mission plan
        preview is continuously updated.

30
                                                                                    Planning a flight

    3. Adjust the mapping and mission parameters in the Mission Planning tab to
        suit your terrain and quality requirements.

    4. Check the resulting flight characteristics in the tab. Once you are satisfied,

      assign the mission plan to the drone by clicking the k Assign button.

    5. Click the (& button in the Toolbar to to toggle 3D mode on and off. Review
        theflight plan to ensure that there is sufficientclearance between theflight
        plan and the ground.

            Caution: eMotion X as well as the automatic mission planning tool
             are not aware of any obstacles that may exist in the area. In addition,
             when not using elevation data, the mission planning tool assumes
             that the m ission area is flat and at the same altitude than the take-off
             location, lt is also not aware of any legal restriction (such as mini mum
             or maximum altitude) that may exist in your region. The resulting
             flight plan shou ld be careful ly reviewed in order to avoid any collision
             with uneven terrain or tall objects such as buildings, and to comply
             with local regulations.

1.6.1 Getting ready for a mission

Before leaving for the field to perform a fl ight, be sure to fu Ily charge all your eXom
batteries. When delivered, the eXom battery may not be fully charged.
To charge eXom's battery pack, connect it to the battery charger provided.
The charger provided independently balances the voltage of each ofthe cells con-
tained in the battery pack to ensures optimal performance and battery life.
If you plan on performing a flight away from an Internet connection it is useful

to pre-load map tiles by selecting'Download maps..: from the e file menu.

More details on how to take advantage of the various map sources available in
eMotionX can be found in section 'Toolbar'on page 71.

                                                                                                                             31
Getting Started
1.6.2 How to pick the eXom up

            Caution: Switch the eXom off before picking it up. Never attempt to
            pick the eXom up while the propellers are turning.
The eXom has been designed to be picked up one-handed at the narrowest point
on the central body.

32
                                                                                                t]

2 Executing a flight

             Goal of this section: This section describes how to prepare your
            eXom for flight, take off, monitor and control from the air, and initiate
             an autonomous landing.

             Note: We recommend that you perform your first flight in a large
             obstacle-free area and limit the length of the mission in order to fa-
            miliarise yourself with the eXom in flight.

2.0.3 Preparing the eXom for flight
The eXom's advanced yet simple design means it can go from the box to being
ready for flight in minutes. We recommend that you perform the following steps
before every flight to ensure that the platform is best prepared for flight.

2.0.4 Pre-flight checklist
     · Weatherchecked.
     · Propellers attached.
     · Charged eXom battery installed.
     · Fresh AA batteries in the remote control.
     · General inspection complete.
     · Drone powered on.
     · Drone connected to eMotion X through the ground modem*.

   " If you only intend to fly manually, although a connection to eMotion X is not necessary, it is highly
   recommended forflight monitoring and drone location tracking.

                                                                                                                                    33
          Started

     · Main camera and thermal camera are ready to capture images and video.
     · Images are successfully streaming from all navcams.
     · Ultrasonic sensors are all working correctly.
     · Takeoff zone is free of obstacles.
     · An appropriate working area has been set.

2.0.5 Weathercheck

Before each flight, you should be aware of the weather conditions. The eXom is
a small drone that cannot fly in heavy rain or strong wind conditions. In case of
doubt, make sure to check a weather bulletin including wind estimations in the
flight area. Note that wind is often stronger at higher altitudes and that the wind
perceived at the surface is not always a good reference to estimate the wind at
flight altitude. Cloud velocity ortall tree movements can help you to estimate the
wind speed once you are out in the field.
Weather forecasts may use various units to measure wind speed. As a reference,

            Caution: Do not fly eXom missions if the wind speed exceeds 8 m/s
             (29 km/h, 18 mph, 16 kts).

            Caution: The eXom is not designed to fly in temperatures above
             40° C. Avoid exposing the drone to high temperature for prolonged
             periods of time. In particular, leaving the drone exposed to the sun
             or in a car should be avoided.

2.0.6 Flying conditions

Avoid flying the eXom in the following conditions:

     · In high winds.

34
                                                                          ri

     · When there is precipitation, for example, rain, snow or hail.
     · In very dusty conditions.
     · If sand is being blown into the air.
     · In very low light conditions.

2.0.7 Landing conditions
Do not attempt to land the eXom on the following:

     · Area with less than t m clearance on all sides of the eXom.
     · Surface that does not allow all 4 feet to contact the ground.
     · Muddy, wet, dusty or sandy area.
     · Into water or deep snow.
     · A steeply inclined surface.

2.0.8 How to install the eXom's battery
Place the eXom on the ground or on a level surface in the vicinity of the take-off
location. Slide the battery firmly into the battery compartment, making sure that
it clicks into place.

     ~ Caution: Take care to keep clear of the propellers, in case they unex-
             pectedly start spinning.

             Note: Only insert the battery when you are ready for start-up. Do not
             leave the battery connected for extended periods of time when the
             drone is on the ground, as this may discharge the batteries and cause
             irreparable damage to them.

                                                                                                            35
          Started

2.0.9 How to power on the eXom

Press the power button. The eXom will perform an automatic self-check of its sen-
sors and acquire satellite signals. Do not move the drone during these tests. It is
important that the drone is not inclined morethan 10 degrees in order to start up
properly. Pre-flight checks may last from a few seconds to several minutes in the
case of poor satellite signal reception.

             Note: Satellite positioning signals are not required for manual flight
             using the remote control. If the satellite check fails, you can still fly
             manually, but with only limited assistance from the drone.

            Caution: Do not attempt to use eMotion X to fly eXom in areas where
             satellite positioning signals (GPS/GLONASS) are unavailable, for ex-
             ample, indoors.

             Note: If there was any problem during the pre-flight checks per-
            formed by the drone this will be indicated by a Pre-flight error in eMo-
            tion X.

2.0.10 How to connect to eMotion X

Start by connecting the USB ground modem to your computer. Then launch eMo-
tion X, which will display the Connection window. Select the eXom connection
profile, choose the corresponding FTDI port and click'OK'.

            Note: Every eXom is paired with the ground modem it is delivered
             with, and will only work with that particular modem. The name of the
            FTDI port corresponding to the ground modem is labelled as'eXom-
             SERIAL; where SERIAL is the serial number of the drone it is paired
             with.

Once your drone has set its position using satellite signals, an icon of the drone

36
                                                                                                t]

will appear at its location on the map. If the drone's location is not on the map
you can click the'A' button from the Toolbar to centre the map on the drone.

2.0.11 How to change the remote control's batteries
    1. The battery cover is on the back of the remote control. Slide the battery
        coveroff.
    2. Remove any used batteries.
    1 Replace them with fresh batteries, following the polarity (+/-) indication on
        the inside of the battery compartment.
    4. Replace the battery cover.

             Caution: Always change all the batteries at once. Do not mix fresh
             and used batteries.

2.1 General inspection
A general inspection should be performed before everyflight. It is also good prac-
tice to perform a full airframe check regularly to keep your eXom in good shape.
See section'Full inspection' on page 87 for more details.

2.1.1 Visually inspect the drone
The sensors and lenses must be clean and unobstructed for them to work cor-
rectly.

     e Remove the battery from the drone.
     . Pick the drone up from above, holding the central body at its narrowest

        point.

                                                                                                                                    37
          Started

     . Visually inspect each ofthe 5 vision sensors.
     . Visually inspect the 5 ultrasonic transmitters and receivers.
     o Visually inspect the main camera.
     . Visually inspect the thermal camera.
     o Check that all propellers are properly locked on.
     o Check that the legs are in good condition and properly attached with their

        capsin place.
     o Checkthat the shrouding is in good condition and properly attached at the

        leg clips.
     o Check that the top cover is attached and in good condition.
     o Ensure that nothing is at risk of touching the spinning propellers.
     o Check that the eXom's main body is in good condition.

   . Check that the eXoms head is undamaged and turns freely on both axes.

     e Check that all LEDs and strobes are clean and free of obstacles.
     . Replace the battery, ensuring it clicks into the battery compartment.

38
2.1.2 Visually inspect the propellers

New propeller:                         Worn propeller:
    OK to fly                               replace

                                                        39
    Started

             Damaged propeller: Cracked propeller:

             Replace  Replace

    . Replace propellers that are considerably worn down.
    . Replace propellers that have many deep indentations on their leading edge.
    · Replace cracked propellers.

2.1.3 Check sensor and camera operation

     . Insert the drone's battery.
     e Holding the drone's central body from above at it's narrowest point, place

        it on the ground and power it on.
     . Launch eMotion X and connect to your drone.

40
    · In eMotion X, switch to interactive mode.

    · Check the vision sensors.
        Clickto activate each vision sensor and view the resulting video feed.

    · Check the bottom sensor module's ultrasonic sensor.
       View the bottom sensor module's distance reading in eMotion X. It should
        show that the ground is close to the sensor.

    · Check the front, left, right and rear sensor module's ultrasonic sen-
        sors.
        Walk in a circle around your drone, about 2 m away from it, while viewing
       the sensor module readings in eMotion X (for example, with your computer
        and ground modem in your hands).
       The sensor d isplay i n eMotion X should show that there is an object approx-
        imately 2 m away from each sensor in turn.

     · Checkthe main camera.
        View the main camera's video feed.

     · Check the thermal camera.
        View the thermal camera's video feed.

2.1.4 Pre-flight remote control check

Ifyou plan to usethe remote control during a flight we recommend thatyou check
it before flight.

    1. Place the drone in a safe and suitable take-off location.

    2. Insert the battery and power on the drone.

    3. Launch eMotion X and connect to the drone.

    4. If you are not comfortable piloting the drone will only basic assistance,
        switch Extended Assistance on in the Flight Parameters tab.

                                                                                                                             41
          Started

    5. Switch the remote control on.
    6. Slide the take off/land slider up. The drone will take off. Allow it to spin

        around once to calibrate its compass.
    7. Use the remote control to carry out some small, simple manoeuvres (yaw,

        tilt, climb, descend).
    8. Slidethetakeoff/Iandsliderdown.Thedronewillland.
    9. Turn the remote control off.

     ~ Caution: If you detect a problem with the remote control, land the
            drone immediately. If you cannot land with the remote control, click
            LAND NOW in eMotionX. Do not attempt to fly with a malfunctioning
            remote control.

            Caution: Always keep the area around the propeller clear of obsta-
            cles and body parts to prevent injury.

2.1.5 How to set the working area
    · Launch eMotion X and connect to your drone.
    · In eMotion X, click and drag the working area so that its centre is at the
        posltion you want.
     · Click the Parameters tab.
     · Set the working area radius.
     · Set the working area ceiling.

42
2.1.6 How to remove the battery

    1. Grip the battery release tabs and squeeze them together.

    2. Pull the battery out.

             Caution: Never try to remove the battery while the propellers are
             turning.

2.2 About mission planning

Use eMotion X to build the mission blocks, waypoints and optionally, the actions
that you want your eXom's to carry out during the mission.
eXom m issions consist of one or m any m ission blocks. Each block can have a differ-
ent setup phase, a different purpose and you can assign each block to a different
drone. A mission might include, for example, several blocks for inspecting several
surfaces and objects, and a horizontal mapping block to gather mapping data of
the surrounding area.

2.2.1 The setup phase of a flight plan

The setup phase of a mission block includes the following locations:

        Take-off location: The point from which the drone takes off, automatically

                     .

         set to the location calculatedfrom satellite positioning signals (GPS/GLONASS)
         by the drone when it is powered on. This location defines the altitude of
         0 m/ATO (ATO stands for above take-off); the altitudes of all other way-
         points, when defined in m/ATO, are referenced to the altitude of this lo-
         cation.

     . startwaypoint:Thefirstpointthatthedronefliestowardswhenthemis-
         sion is launched.

                                                                                                                                     43
          Started

     . Home waypoint: The safe point for the drone to return and hover in case
        of emergency. The drone will land directly below this waypoint at the end
        of an autonomous flight.

     · Mission waypoints: The series of waypoints that define the mission.

Immediately after take-off the drone will climb to an altitude of 1 m.

     · If the first mission block is a mapping block
        The drone pauses briefly then flies to the start waypoint and follows the
        flight plan you have set up.

     · If the first mission block is not a mapping block
        The drone hovers, awaiting your command.

             Caution: The drone's ability to maintain its position in a hover de-
             pends on the conditions. There m ust be good lighting conditions and
             good satellite positioning signal reception.

             Caution: If you are using only the basic level of manual assistance,
             you must be prepared to take immediate control of the drone as soon
             as it reaches 1 m above the ground. It will not stabilise itself.

2.2.2 About mission blocks

Mission blocks have the following properties:

     · Description
        The name you have given to the block.

     · Area
        The surface area of the block.

     · Resolution
        The ground resolution that you want the images captured to have.

44
                                                              Executinq a

· Overlap
   The percentage you want one image to overlap the next.

· Use elevation data
   Check this checkbox to have eMotion X automatically set mission height
   according to elevation data.

· Reverse flight direction
   Check this checkbox ifyou want your drone to fly the mission in the oppo-
   site direction to the one chosen automatically by eMotionX.

· Perpendicularlines
   Check this checkbox if you want to double the number of images and in-
   crease overlap by flying a second set of flight lines perpendicular to the
   first.

2.2.3 How to create a mission block

In the Mission Planning tab, click `k Add mission block and choose the type of
block:

     . Horizontal Mapping
        Defi ne a mission polygon and eMotion X will autom atically set out the way-
        points and flight lines.

2.2.4 How to edit a mission block
    1. Click ® to expand the mission block you want to edit.
    2. Click A Edit.
    3. Edit the mission block fields.

                                                                           45
          Started

2.2.5 How to assign a mission block to a drone

   1. Click A..

    2. Choose the drone that want to carry out that mission block.

2.2.6 How to remove a mission block

   1. Click 0 to expand the mission block you want to edit.

    Z. Click Q..
    3. Choose O Remove.

2.2.7 Choosing a take-off location
It is important to carefully select the place you take off from, the Start waypoint
and the Home waypoint to ensure your drone remains at a safe distance from
obstacles.
Select a take-off location clear of obstacles (buildings, rocks, power lines, hills,
trees, etc.) within a distance of at least 10 m in the all directions.

2.2.8 Landing and the home waypoint

The Home waypoint is used both as the location under which the drone will land
in Fully Autonomous mode and as a safety position in case ofan in-flightwarning.

             Caution: The ground sensor can only provide usable feedback in
             daylight conditions above flat terrain that contains enough visual tex-
             ture. If these conditions are not met the drone cannot ensure a safe
             landing.
The precision of the landing will depend on the satellite positioning accuracy,
lighting conditions, the ground's visual texture and the wind. Define a security

46
perimeter around the landing point. Place the Home waypoint in a location that
has no obstacles within a radius of 10 m to give the drone enough space to land.
Ensure that the entire landing area is flat to allow the ground sensor to function
properly.
By default, the Home waypoint is set to an altitude of 75 m/ATO. In case a Go
to Home Waypoint procedure is triggered during flight' the drone will, by de-
fault, determine the highest altitude between its current altitude and the Home
waypoint's altitude, and climb towards that highest altitude (if required). Once it
reaches this highest altitude it will then fly towards the Home waypoint.
Due to this behaviour, the altitude of the Home waypoint should be selected with
care; it should be at least 20 m higher than the surrounding obstaclesto avoid the
risk of a crash, but should not be set too high to reduce the effect of potentially
high winds and altitude and to prevent the drone from getting lost. Alternatively,
you can change the altitude transition behaviour within the Setup Phase tab. See
section'Waypoints and their properties' on page 65 for more information on alti-
tude transition behaviours and how to modify them.

2.2.9 Take-off and start mission

Once you've planned your mission and the eXom status LED is solid green your
drone is ready to take off.

     · Click TAKE OFF on the Control Bar.

      · Allowthedronetotakeoffandcalibrateitscompass(itspinsaroundonce).

      · Click START MISSION.

      t Caution: Keep clear of the drone during take-off.

     i Caution: Never attempt a hand-held take-off.

' eitherautomaticallyduetoanln-flightwarningormanuallyusingeMotionX

                                                                     47
          Started

After take-off, the drone switches into waypoint navigation mode and flies to the
Start waypoint, then proceeds with the mission.

2.2.10 Landing after a mission

After finishing its mission the drone will return to the Home waypoint and au-
tomatically initiate a landing sequence. Once on the ground, the propellers will
stop.
The vision sensors must have sufficient light and texture to accurately detect the
drone's height above the ground. Ensure that the sensors are clear of dirt or other
obstructions. Ensure that there is a high-contrast surface in the landing zone. Do
not attempt to land on low-texture surfaces such as snow or clean sand.
Disconnect the battery from the drone before picking it up. We recommend you
immediately import the images and flight data after each flight (see section'Im-
porting images and flight data' on page 62) before putting the eXom back in its
case for storage.

2.2.11 Emergency landing

Return to home and land
If you need to abort the mission and land, for example, in case of an emergency,
click GO LAND on the control bar.
The drone will immediately fly in a straight line to the Home waypoint, then de-
scend vertically, land and power off its motors.

             Caution: In most circumstances, we recommend setting the Home
             waypoint to be the highest waypoint in the mission. This reduces the
              risk of collision as the drone returns to the Home waypoint.

 Land immediately at current location
 If you need the drone to land immediately without first returning to the Home
 waypoint, do one of the following:

 5!:]
                                                                             Executina a
s Rapidly click the LAND NOW button on the Control Bar three times (triple-

   click).
. switch on the remote control and pilot the drone to the ground.

       Caution: If you decide to switch on the remote control, make sure
       you have the level of assistance you are expecting - basic or extended.
        Caution: The drone will immediately descend at a moderately fast
        rate of descent. There is a high risk of collision with any objects or
        people that are directly under the drone.

                                                      m
Gettinq Started

3 Manual control of the eXom

             Goal of this section: This section describes how to use the remote
             control to manually control the drone, with basic or extended manual
             assistance.

            Caution: Manual operation of the eXom requires a moderate level of
             piloting skil Is. We recommend several practice flights, especially with
             only basic assistance, before you first inspection mission.

3.1 About the remote control

By using the remote control, it is possible to override the drone's autopilot and
fly manually. With extended manual assistance, the sticks of the remote control
are used to send commands to the drone, which acts on those commands while
maintaining stable flight. Without only basic manual assistance, the sticks of the
remote control directly set the motors'thrust.

             Caution: Do not turn the remote control on without it being held in
             the hands of a pilot who is ready to take immediate manual control
             of the drone. Turn the remote control off before putting it down.

             Caution: The remote control emits an audible low-battery warning.
             If you hear this warning, take action immediately; land your drone
             and change the batteries.
Manual control of the eXom can be achieved at any time if the drone is within
range of the remote'.

' see section'Drone specifications' on page 107 forthe range of the remote control

 50
               Manual contml (power) on/off ~--  Manual control of the eXom
                              TaheofVland
                                                 *Do not touch these controls
Motor cut
(Press+ho                                                        Pitch
                                                                              hme u
         Ya
                                                                          Right stick
            itrigger n

                                                 51
Started

         Eci ..... E.~DE.
                ~
                   ~F* 3ID
         C~ E3ID

3.2 About flight assistance

There are 2 levels of flight assistance:

     e Basic assisted manual control

     . Extended assisted manual control

With extended manual flight assistance, the sticks on the remote control set the
desired speed, pitch, turn rate and climb or sink rate. These commands are then
transferred to control signals for the propellers by the a utopi lot based on feedback

from its sensors. This control scheme simplifies control ofthe eXom.

Manua I flight without assistance allows you to have direct control over the eXom's
propellers, overriding control from the on-board autopilots. The left stick controls
the thrust and yaw. The right stick controls pitch and roll. The drone only assists
with maintaining a flat pitch/roll.

52
                                                                     Manual control of the eXom

            Caution: Although assistance is provided, the pilot must still be
            aware of obstactes in the area, the drone's proximity to the ground,
            the inversion of control commands when the drone is flying towards
            the pilot and the distance between the drone and the pilot.

33 How to change assistance level

Choose Manual control mode from the Parameters tab in the sidebar.

3.4 Using the remote control

The following table describes the drone's response to your inputs on the remote
control.

     · Push forward on a stick means push the stick away from you (or up in the
        above diagram).

     · Pull back on a stick means pull the sticktowards you (or down in the above
         diagram).

     · Release a stick means let go and let the stick spring back into its neutral
         position.

     · To press on a stick means push down on thetopof the stick,alongthe stick's
         axis. You will feel a click.

     · Turn (yaw) direction is given as if you were on board the drone (from the
         drone's frame of reference).

                                                                                                                              53
      Started

                    Table 7: Remote Control Functions

                                               6ron6response

ttem                User's actiun     Eutended         Basic
                                      assistance       assistance

A:Leftstick         Pushforward       Climb            Increasethrust
                    Pull back
                    Push left         Descend          Decrease thrust
                    Push right
                    Release           Rotate left      Yaw to left
                                                       (port)
                    Press+hold (1 s)  Rotate right
                                                       Yaw to right
                                      Maintain         (starboard)
                                      altitude
                                                       Neutral thrust

                                                    Motor cut off

    B: Right stick  Push forward      Fly forward      Pitch forward
                    Pull back         Fly backwards
                    Push left         Fly left         Pitch backward

                    Pull back         Fly right        Roll to left
                                                       (port)
                    Release           Maintain level   Roll to right
                                      flight           (starboard)
                                                       Flat pitch/roll

54
                                   Manual control of the eXom

              Press         No response  No response

A+B: Both     Release       Hover        Neutral thrust
sticks        Push forward
                                 On the ground: take off
C: Take off/                 While landing: abort landing
land
                                             Land
              Pull back     While taking off: abort take-off

D: Custom     Push forward               User defined
              Pull back                  User defined

E:Auto photo  Push left                        Off
sequence      Push right
                                               On
F:Disabled                   Do not use
                            Do not press
G: set

        Caution: Flying with the remote control, especially with only basic
        manual assistance requires some piloting experience.

                                                                                                                           55
Getting Started

3.5 Take-off with manuai flight

    1. Prepare the drone for flight as described in section 'Preparing the eXom for
        flight' on page 33 while keeping the remote control turned off.

    2. Take the remote control in your hands and switch it on. Leave the sticks
        alone, in their neutral position.

    3. Place the eXom in its take-off location and power it on using the power
        button. The status LED will indicate the progress of the drone's autopilot's
        start-up sequence.

    4. Push the take off slider (C) on the remote control up. The drone will climb
        to 1 m.

    5. Leave the sticks alone while the drone spins around once to calibrate its
         internal compass.

With extended assistance:
The drone will hover awaiting commands from the remote control.
With only hasic assistance:
You havefull manual control ofthedrone. You must immediately adjust the drone's
position using the remote control.

             Note: Although it is posslble, do not use the remote control to take
             control of the drone before compass calibration is complete. Flying
             an uncalibrated dronecan result in it rotating (yawing) unexpectedly.

3.5.1 Manual ianding

             Caution: We recommend you perform a standard landing procedure
             using eMotionX whenever possible.

 Pilotyour drone down to the ground. Approach the ground at low vertical speed.
 Once on the ground, press and hold the left stickfor 1 s to stop the motors.

 56
                                                                     Manual control of the eXom

3.5.2 Motor cut off
Pressing the left stick down until it clicks and holding for 1 s will cause the eXom's
motors to stop.

             Caution: Only stop the motors when the drone is on the ground. AI-
             ways stop the motors before picking the drone up.

             Caution: Ifthe drone is in the air, only use this feature in an absolute
             emergency. The drone will im mediately drop out of the sky and risks
             damaging or injuring anything or anyone beneath it. Even at low al-
             titude, using this feature will cause irreparable damage to the drone.

3.5.3 How to take manual control of the eXom in-flight

             Caution: Make sure that the level of manual assistance you want is
             activated in eMotionX's Parameters tab.
If your drone is already in the air, switch the remote control (RC) on. You will im-
mediately have remote control ofthe drone.

3.5.4 How to climb using the remote control
Push the left stick up and the drone will climb.

3.5.5 How to hover using the remote control
Release both sticks, allowing then to spring back to their central position. The
drone will maintain a hover.

             Caution: lf you have selected only basic manual assistance, you must
             maintain the drone's position and altitude manually using the remote
             control.

                                                                                                                              57
          Started

             Caution: lf your drone is at altitude in a zone that has little or no satel-
             lite positioning signal coverage, extended manual assistancewill not
             be able to automatically maintain a hover. You must use the right
             and left sticks to maintain a hover manually.

3.5.6 How to yaw using the remote control

Push the left stick to the right to turn the drone on its axis to the right (clockwise
when viewed from above).
Push the left stickto the left to turn the drone on its axis to the left (anticlockwise
when viewed from above).

3.5.7 How to fly forward using the remote control

Release the left stick, allowing it to spring back to its central position. Push the
right stick up and the drone will tilt and fly forward.

             Caution: By releasing the left stickwith extended manual assistance,
             you are instructing the drone to maintain its altitude. With only basic
             assistance, you must use the left stick to provide enough additional
             thrust to maintain altitude.

35.8 How to tilt and fly to the left or right using the remote control

Release the left stick, allowing it to spring back to its central position. Push the
right stick to the left or right and the drone will tilt and fly in that direction.

             Caution: By releasi ng the left stick with extended manual assistance,
             you are instructing the drone to maintain its altitude. With only basic
             assistance, you must use the left stick to provide enough additional
             thrust to maintain altitude.

Pv
                                                                     Manual control of the eXom
3.5.9 How to stop the propellers using the remote control
Press the left stick down and hold for 1 s.

             Caution: Only stop the propellers once the drone has landed or in an
             emergency. Stopping the propellers while the drone is in flight will
             cause it to fall out of the sky.
3.5.10 Returning control to eMotion X
To retu rn control to eMotion X, press the power on/off button to switch the remote
control off.

                                                                                                        6101
          Started

3.6 In-flight monitoring and control

You can monitor and control your drone while in-flight through eMotion X using
the map, video streams, ultrasonic sensor readouts and the Flight Monitoring tab
in the Sidebar.
The Map Area displays the current position of your drone, updated live as the
drone executes its flight.

             Note: AII waypoints, image locations and flight paths displayed in
            eMotion X are a reflection of the data contained within the drone au-
            topilot. If at any point the connection between eMotion X and the
             drone is lost, the drone will by default continue its planned flight,
             including the imaging mission and the selected automatic landing,
             fully a utonomously. If you would like the drone to retu rn to the Home
             waypoint instead of continuing its mission when it detects a loss of
            connection you may set the appropriate parameter in eMotionX.

During the Mission phase of an autonomous flight the eXom will automatically
take pictures at pre-defined moments based on the parameters that were defined
during mission planning.
At the top of the Map Area is the Control Bar, which can be used at any time to
send commands to your drone as well as to acknowledge warning and failure
messages if they occur. During a fully autonomous flight the eXom will control
its flight autonomously from take-off to landing and you do not need to use any
of the control buttons. They can however be useful in unexpected situations to
temporarily hold position by pressing the HOLD button or to send the drone to
the Home or Start waypoints with the'GO TO HOME WPT' or'GO TO START WPT'
buttons, respectively. Detailed descriptions of the buttons and their effects on
the drone are described in section'Control Bar' on page 73.

3.7 Powering your eXom off

Wait for the propellers to stop spinning, then press the power button on the top
of the eXom.

m
                                                                     Manual control of the eXom

             Caution: Never attempt to power the drone off using its built-in
             power button while the propellers are spinning.

3.8 About in-flight errors

The d rone can encounter two types of error messages while flying: In-flight warn-
ings and Critical failures. In-flight warnings typically indicate a dangerous situa-
tion such as a low battery or strong winds and typically result in a security ac-
tion such as a return to the Home waypoint. Critical failures occur only when the
d rone's ability to fly is severely com promised, such as a loss of satellite positioning
signals or an empty battery. When a critical failure arises, the drone will immedi-
ately perform an emergency landing.

             Caution: We recommend that you familiarise yourself with the pos-
             sible in-flight errors to have a better understa nding of what happens
             if they occur in the field. A full list of possible In-flight warnings and
             Critical failures and the drone's reaction to them is described in sec-
             tion'In-flight warnings' on page 93 and section'Critical failures' on
             page 96.

             Note: It is i mportantto keep track of the location of the drone during
             a Critical failu re untii the moment it reaches the ground. Its position's
             coordinates can aid in finding it afterwards. Instructions on how to
             find a lost drone can be found in section 'Losing and locating your
             eXom in the field' on page 101.
          Started

4 Processing image data

4.1 Importing images and flight data

The next step to creating mapping products, after completing a flight, is to import
the raw images and log files to a computer.
eMotion X features a Flight Data Manager to help you transfer and consolidate all
the data related to a mapping mission. Open the Flight Data Manager by clicking
on the Flight Data Manager icon when you load eMotion X. Alternatively, click on
the Q button in the Toolbar and select'Flight Data Manager..:
Follow these steps to import data from the drone:

    · Step 1- Select a flight: If the flight was monitored from the computer

        you are using to import images then the flight is saved within the local
        database. Select the date that the flight took place. A list of flights (in-
        cluding number of images taken) from that date will appear in the combo
         box, select the one you wish to import.

    · Step 2- Create a directory: Choose a directory name that uniquely iden-

        tifies your flight (e.g. the date, the name of the area, etc.).

    . Step3-Preparedataforimport: Remove the SD card from the drone and

         insert it into your computer's SD card slot. A new storage drive will appear
         on your computer.
         Select'I m port from SD-ca rd reader: Alternatively, tra nsfer the i mages from
         the camera by lifting it out of its compartment just enough to connect a
         USB cable to it and turn the camera on. Copy all the images into a tem-
         porary folder on your computer. Select'Import from a specific folder' and
         choose the temporary folder.

    . Step 4- Import flight logs: Confirm that the Drone and eMotion Flight

         Logs found by the Flight Data Manager are correct. You may select logs
         manually if they are not correctly detected.

E$
                                                                                                    data

     . Step 5- Import images: Confirm that the images corresponding to your
        flight were found and matched to the Drone Flight Log correctly.

     e Step6-Selectoutputs:Choosetheoutputactionstoexecuteandfilesto
        create. Geo-tagging images is necessary to create geoinfo, KML and Post-
        flightTerra 3D files.

     o Step 7 Eject the SD-card drive before removing the SD-card. You can now
        open the KML file in Google Earth'M or the project in PostflightTerra 3D for
        further processing.

4.2 In-field image quality check

PostAightTerra 3D software', available as a free download with the eXom package,
can be used to rapidly create a Quality Report directly in the field. The Quality
Report that is automatically generated aswell as the orthomosaic provide imme-
diate feedback on the quality ofthe images gathered during your mission.
You can open a project for processing i n PostflightTerra 3D directly from the Flight
Data Manager after importing your data by clicking the'Open project in Terra'
button. You will now see the main PostFlight Terra 3D window. The position of
your images will appear as red dots in the Map Area of PostFlightTerra 3D.
After importing flight data and images you can create a PostflightTerra 30 project
by following these steps:

    1. Launch Postflight Terra 3D and start the New project wizard by selecting
        'New project' from the'Project' menu.

    2. Select the samefolder in which you saved the images and Drone Flight Log
        as the location for the project (the'Create in' field). Choose a name for your
        project, preferably the same as the name of the folder and select the'New
        project' button. Click'Next'.

    3. Add the images taken during your last eXom mission. Click'Next'.

' powered by Pix4D; see section'Installing eMotion X, PostllightTerra 3D, and the ground modem
   drivers' on page 26 for installation instructions

                                                                                                                                     63
          Started

    4. Load the geolocation data from the Drone Flight Log file (with extension
        .bbx) by clicking on'From file..: and selecting the file. Click'Next; then click
        'Finish' in the next screen, You will now see the main PostFlight Terra 3D
        window. The position of your images will appear as red dots in the Map
        Area of PostflightTerra 3D.

To create a Quality Report while in the field bring up the local processing panel by
selecting'Local processing' from the'Process' menu or by clicking the icon in
the Toolbar. Select only the'Initial project processing' checkbox and the'Rapid'
button. If you wish to create a low-resolution orthomosaic while generating the
report, check the'Orthomosaic and DSM generation' checkbox. Click'Start' to
begin rapid processing.
PostflightTerra 3D will now process the data and produce a report that includes
the overall completeness and georeference quality of the images taken during
your last mission. You may use this information to decide whether further imag-
ing flights are required while you are still in the field. The quality report will be
displayed in a new window (click the icon in the Toolbar if it does not appear).

64
                                                                 Part 11

             Advanced functionalities

4.3 Waypoints and their properties

The eXom uses a flight plan consisting of a list of waypoints to navigate. A way-
point essentially consists of a circle about a given position and information that
defines how the drone should behavewhen reaching them. Theentire listofway-
points is stored in the drone autopilot and can be remotely edited using eMotionX.
In eMotion X every waypoint is defined by the following parameters

4.4 3D mission planning using elevation data

In Fully Autonomous mode, eMotion X has the ability to take into account eleva-
tion data to set the altitude of mission waypoints and the resulting flight lines of a
mapping mission. This not only improves the resulting ground resolution but also
increases mission safety (particularly in uneven terrain) by keeping a more even
height between the drone and the ground.
You can display elevation data by clicking on the '>+ button in the Toolbar. eMo-
tion X's default Improved SRTM elevation data will be downloaded as tiles from
senseFly's servers and overlaid above the map as a colourmap °. You can adjust
the scale and opacity of the colourmap by using the associated buttons in the
bottom-right corner of the Map Area.

" eMotionXmust be connected to the internet. Once downloaded, elevation tiles are cached and can
   then be used off-line.
Advanced functionalities

    Auto-adjust colormap --' Elevation colourmap r Change opacity

                          =141i~90 ~180 2N 3"00
                          {ygw· ~ . ...... ..  .

            Caution: eMotionX's default Improved SRTM elevation data uses a 3
             arc-second (approx. 90 m resolution) digital elevation model derived
             from the SRTM (Shuttle Radar Topography Mission) dataset version
             2.1 combined with other data sources (ASTER GDEM, SRTM30, carto-
             graphic data, etc.). This data covers nearly aH emerged land except
             the territories below 56° 5 latitude and the territory of the Russian
             Federation above 60° N latitude. This data may contain inaccura-
             cies of several meters, and does not contain data on obstacles such
             as buildings or trees. We highly recommend that you check your
             flight plan thoroughly, in 2D and 3D, to ensure sufficient clearance
             between the flight plan and the ground. SenseFly Ltd provides no
             guarantee regarding the accuracy of the elevation data and it is the
             operator's sole responsibility to ensure a safe flight trajectory and al-
             titude.

Activate the 3D mission planning feature by selecting the'Use elevation data' pa-
rameter in the mapping mission block. Elevation data is used to adjust every mis-
sion waypoint altitude as follows:

    1. The flight planner uses elevation data to find the maximal terrain elevation
        under the current waypoint, the previous waypoint and the flight line that
        connects the two.

    1 This maximum value is increased by the target altitude value, and the result
        is set as the altitude of the current waypoint.

One way to increase the resolution and accuracy of the elevation data is to fly
a first mission at high altitude and then create a dataset using PostFlightTerra 3D.
You can then automatically import the data into eMotion X by selecti ng'Send DSM
to eMotion' from the'Process' menu within Postflight Terra 3D. The dataset can

PT


                                                                                                                                data

                            then be enabled using the 1i menu in the Toolbar. eMotionX will use this custom
                            dataset (wherever it is available) to set waypoint altitudes instead of its default
                            Improved SRTM elevation data.

                                         Note: It is recommended to visually compare imported elevation

                                datasets with the default Improved SRTM elevation layer of eMotion X

                                         in order to detect possible mismatches. This comparison should be
                                         done with a colourmap opacity value of 100%.
                            More advanced controls of imported datasets are available in the'Elevation data'
                            panel of the Preferences pane of the Q menu. From this panel you can add,

                      remove, activate/deactivate or reorder overlays. eMotionX uses the top-most el-

                            evation data layerto calculate altitude for each waypoint and flight line, with eMo-
                            tion X's default Improved SRTM elevation dataset always considered the bottom
                            layer.

i~ :,:.....    l..k .,m,,.~,,.,       Custom elevation
                                      data
oe           `°"'""sx,~°,~.a. ~a~ ,a

®,                        s'

al.

             ~~ dsm   ffk,            Networkcache
                     r ,A,;,'~,,.,

                                                        67
Advanced functionalities

4.5 Flight visualization in Googte Earth r'

eMotion X i ncl udes a n interface with Google Earth r"^ to help with flight plan verifi-
cation and visualization, particularly in uneven terrain. Clicking on the ~P button
in the Toolbar will open Google Earthr^^ and zoom to the current position of the
drone. The current position of drone, its planned trajectory, the working area cir-
cle and all waypoints currently uploaded to the drone (including Take-Off, Start
and Home) are displayed within Google Earth 7^^ . Any changes to waypoints or
flight parameters within eMotionX are updated accordingly within GoogleEarth r"
The interface with Google Earth r"^ is particu la rly useful to check the drone's trajec-
tory with respect to obstacles in the area s. The flight plan is projected onto the
ground in a darker colour, giving you an idea of the distance between the flight
path and the ground. If you connect to a simulated drone you can simulate the
entire flight and follow the drone within Google Earth T^^ .

            Note: To use this feature Google Earth'^^ has to be installed on the
            ground station PC, as described in section'Installing eMotionX, Post-
            flightTerra 3D, and the ground modem drivers' on page 26. We rec-
            ommend to use the latest version of the Google Earthr^^ software.

            Caution: A flight trajectory visualized in Google Earth r"^ represents
             the planned trajectory. The reaf flight trajectory can be different from
             the planned due to flight conditions such as strong wind.

            Caution: The terrain data within Google Earth'^r, including hills and
             buildings, may contain significant errors. When planning flights over
             uneven terrain be sureto keep sufficient distance between the flight
             plan and the terrain.

   While checking flight plans in Google Earth'M is a good safety practice, senseFly Ltd provides no
   guarantee regarding the accuracy and completeness of the Google Earrhn^t terrain model.

FS!
Advanced functionalities

     . Once it reaches the Home waypoint (if it has been i nstructed to return there)
        the drone will either:
                begin its landing procedure
            - hover at the Home waypoint until it receives a command.

     s After completing a landing procedure and detecting that it has successfully
        landed, the drone switches its motors off and enters idle mode.

     . Turning on the remote control will cause the drone to fly under manual
        control. Turning off the remote control will return control of the drone to
        eMotionX and its autopilot.

     . Clicking the'HOLD POSITION' button in the Control Bar at any time will
        cause the drone to hover until it receives a new command from the Con-
        trol Bar. Alternatively, right-clicking in the Map Area and selecting'Hold
        here' will direct the drone towards that position and hover there. This will
        also happen automatically after certain In-flight warning or Critical failure
        conditions'.

     e Clicking the'LAND NOW'button in the Control Bar three times in quick suc-
        cession will cause the drone to immediately initiate a landing procedure at
        its current location.

' seesection'iroubleshooting'onpage92forafulllistofln-FlightwarningandCriticalfailurecondi-
   tions and the subsequent reactions of the drone

70
                                                                     eMotion X in-depth guide

5 eMotion X in-depth guide

            Goal of this section: eMotion X is a powerful tool designed specifi-
             cally to work with your senseFly drone.

This section includes a comprehensive guide to all the functionalities in eMotion X

to help you plan and monitor your next mapping flight.
The main eMotion X interface is composed of a main panel, a Toolbar and a Side-
bar a .
The main panel can be switched between Map mode and video mode:

     · Click t to switch to map mode.
     · Click -~- to switch to video mode.

In map mode, the main area displays the current location of the eXom, a Status
Panel with important information on the drone's current status, and a Control Bar
used to send commands to the drone (section'Control Bar' on page 73).
In video mode, the main area displays the eXom's video streams.
The Toolbar above the main panel includes the Q File menu, controls for select-
ing the source of map data, display options and other controls (section'Toolbar'

The Sidebar is separated into tabs that are used during different phases of plan-
ning and monitoring a flight. The Sidebar tabs can be hidden at any time by click-
ing on the left-hand edge of the Sidebar. Each tab is described in detail in the
following chapter.

5.7 Toolbar

You can access the File menu by clicking on the Q button in the Toolbar. From
this menu you can connect to or disconnect from a drone, access the Flight Data

6 for an overview of the eMotion X interface see section'The eMotion X interface'on page 27
Advanced functionalities

Manager, change eMotionX preferences or import custom maps.
Clicking the'~= icon will launch Google Earth T°^ and display the current flight tra-
jectories of drones connected to eMotionX, as described in detail in section'Flight
visualization in Google EarthT^^' on page 68.
You can select the backgrou nd map source from the drop-down list i n the Toolbar,
and adjust its zoom level using the P and P buttons. eMotion X can use many
sources of commercially available and custom mapping information. Tiles from

map sources with the icon'+-. are downloaded by eMotion X from the Internet as

required and locally cached on the hard drive. Due to regulatory restrictions, map
sources with the icon & cannot be saved locally and are not recommended for
use in the field.
If you anticipate the use of eMotion X in cond itions where connecting to the inter-
net is impossible, you can pre-load the map data by selecting'Download maps._'
from the s File menu. Follow the instructions in the dialog box to select the
zone of interest, map tile source and start downloading.

eMotionX can also import and displaycustom layers which may include KML files,

custom map tiles and elevation data. To import a KML file, select'Import KML..:
from the Gi File menu and select your KML file. The resulting layer will now be
available in the Toolbar by clicking on the ~ icon, and can be clicked to display
or hide it. eMotion X can display lines, polygons, paths and points saved in KML
format.

             Note: KMLfiles, including associated icons or images included within
            them, are not copied to the eMotion X directory and will no Ionger
            appear in eMotionX if the original KML files are deleted.

Custom map tiles can also be added as a layer in eMotion X. These tile sets must
be TMS-compatible sets of files. Select'Import custom map..' from the Q File
menu and select the folder that contains the tile set. The tile set will then appear
in the list of layers in the Toolbar, accessible by clicking the :--!: button.

72
                                                                     eMotionX in-depth quide

            Note: If you use PostFlight Terra 3D (see section 'Processing image
            data' on page 62), you can generate TMS-compatible, eMotion X-
             compatible tile sets for each project. In this way, you can create your
            own map background using the eXom. Generate the tile set by select-
             ing'Generate Google Maps tiles and KML' from the'Process' menu
            within PostFlightTerra 3D.
Whenever the eXom takes a picture, eMotion X records the location and orienta-
tion ofthe drone and computes the approximate span ofthe photo on the ground
(or'footprint').
The Toolbar also contains buttons for centering the Map Area on the current po-
sition of the drone ('o!o button), on a searchable location or coordinate ('Y'button)
or to continually follow the position ofthe drone while it is in flight ((& button).
Finally you can view eMotionX in full-screen mode by clicking theO button

5.2 Control Bar

The Control Bar includes buttons for sending commands to the drone and for ac-
knowledging warnings while it is in flight. Certain buttons can only be used dur-
ing specific flight modes.
The Command buttons allows the operator to directly control the drone while it
is in flight. The various buttons are described in table 2 on the next page.

                                                                                                                             73
Advanced functionalitles

                          Table 2: Control Bar Buttons

6utton     Availahle        Action
WARNING 9
           Active           For yellow In-flight warnings, button
           warning          text changes to 'ACK WARNING' and
                            clicking will acknowledge the current
                            warning. For red Critical failures, button
                            text changes to'CRITICAL FAILURE'and
                            cannot be clicked.

START      No active        Fly towards the first active waypoint ln
MISSION    Security action  the waypoint list and start the mission
                            from the beginning.

RESUME     Not in Perform   Return to the last position reached dur-
MISSION    Mission mode     ing the mission and continue the flight
                            plan.

GOTO       No active        Fly towards the Start waypoint, hover
START WPT  Security action  and wait for next command.

GO TO      Anytime          Fly towards the Home waypoint, hover
HOME WPT                    and wait for next command.

GOLAND     Anytime          Flytowardsthe Homewaypointand ini-
                            tiate landing procedure.

s seesectionTroubleshooting'onpage92forafulldescriptionofln-flightwarningsandCriticalfail-
   ures that may occur

74
                           eMotion X in-depth

HOLD      No active        Create a waypoint at the current loca-
POSITION  Securityaction   tion and altitude, hover at this point
                           and wait for next command.

LAND NOW  Anytime          Initiate a landing at the current loca-
Click 3x                   tion. Must be clicked 3 times in quick
                           succession to be engaged.

MOTORS    Anytime          Immediately stop all 4 motors. Mustbe
OFF                        clicked 3 times in quick succession to
                           be engaged.
Click 3x

ABORT     During Land-     Abort current landing procedure, re-
LANDING   ing (if no       turn to the altitude of the Home way-
          active Critical  point, hover atthe Home waypoint and
          failure)         wait for next command.

                                                                    75
      Part I11
a` ~
Maintenance and

6 Maintenance and repair of the eXom

6.1 Attaching and detaching propellers

Damaged propellers are unsafe, cause vibrations and must be replaced.
             Note: You do not need to replace all 4 propellers at once. You can
             replace one propeller at a time.

m
Maintenance and repair of the eXom

    ~ X2

6g  x2

~

~ x1

          79
Maintenance and Repair
       2.

                      ,

       3.

911
                                                          Maintenance and repair ofthe eXom

6.1.1 How to detach a propeller

    1. Take the screwdriver provided and insert it into one of the sockets on the
        motor.

    2. While holding the screwdriver to prevent the motor from turning, turn to
        unlock the propeller and remove.

             Caution: Do not attempt to unscrew the screw. Only use the screw-
             driver to hold the motor still while installing the propeller.

             Caution: Never fly your eXom with a propel ler missing or incorrectly
             locked on.

6.1.2 How to attach the propellers

             Note: The eXom's propellers come in pairs that rotate in opposite di-
             rections and have opposite pitch. You must install the correct pro-
             peller on the correct motor. A blade with a circular lock symbol on
             it must be installed on the propeller that is labelled with the same
             circular lock symbol.

     1. Take the screwdriver provided and insert it into one of the sockets on the
        motor.

    2. Position the correct propeller on the correct motor. Make sure that the la-
        bels match (circular or square lock symbol).

    3. While holding the screwdriver to prevent the propeller from turning, push
        and turn to lock the propeller onto the motor. The propeller should be
        aligned with the shrouding and the lock arrows should be lined up.
Maintenance and
             Caution: Do not attempt to unscrew the screw. Only use the screw-
             driver to hold the motor still while installing the propeller.
            Caution: Never fly your eXom will a propeller missing or incorrectly
             locked on.

FL~
                    Maintenance and reoair ofthe eXom

6.2 Changing a leg

   (~~~\~~~ x1

~

                    r7r>~  x2

                           ~'C' ~ v.·:Wb4b } ... ~

                               Sm
Maintenance and

 2. tC

      ~

-m
                                                     Maintenance and reoair of the eXom

                                                       ~

                                                    s,

                                                                                .,~
                                                                                 ~

First, completely remove the shrouding on the side the leg is on...
    1. TakethescrewdriversuppliedwithyoureXomandunscrewthe2shrouding
        screws at the top of the leg you want to change.
    2. Unscrew the 2 shrouding screws on the top of the other leg (on the same
        side of the eXom as the leg you want to change).
    3. Lift the shrouding mounting points a little so that they are free to move.
    4. While holding the leg in place, push the shrouding out of each of its clips.
                                                                                                       RE
Maintenance and Repair

        A good way to do this is to hook the fingers of one hand over the leg then
        push the shrouding out of its clip with your thumb.

                     Caution: Do not twist the legs.

    S. Put the shrouding to one side.

Next, remove the leg...
    6. Unscrew the screw that's holding the leg you want to change in place and
        lift the leg off.

             Caution: Never try and unscrew the motor mounting screw that's
             undertheleg.

             Note: If undamaged, you can pull off and reuse the cap.

Fit the new leg...
    7. Take the new leg and fit it into place. Screw the leg screw back in firmly.

Finafly, replace the shrouding...
    8. Take the shrouding, pass it under the legs, then clip it back into the clips.
        A good way to do this is to hook the fingers of one hand over the leg then
         push the shrouding into its clip with your thumb.
    9. Slotthetopshroudingmountsbackintoplaceandfirmlyscrewall4screws
         backin.

0
                                                          Maintenance and repair of the eXom

 0 Caution: Never attempt to fly without the shrouding or legs.

6.3 Changing a ground modem antenna

    1. Grip the serrated part at the base ofthe antenna and carefully unscrewthe
        old antenna.

    2. Ensure that the antenna threads are clean and undamaged.
    3. Screw the new antenna firmly on using finger force only. Take care not to

        cross the threads.

You can obtain replacement antennas from senseFly or your reseller.

6.4 Cleaning the eXom

Use a damp cloth to wipe off dirt from the eXom's sensor modules, housing, mo-
tors, propellers and shrouding.

             Caution: Never bring the eXom into direct contact with water; this
             may damage its electronics.

6.5 Storing the eXom

Always clean the eXom before returning it to its case for storage.
Whenever possible, store the eXom in the case it was supplied in.

6.6 Full inspection

The eXom is fully acceptance tested, adjusted and flown before being shipped.
When you receive it, it is ready to fly.

                                                                                                                 77
Maintenance and

Beyond the general airframe inspection that is performed before every fl ight, senseFly
recommends that the operator regularly performs a full airframe and sensor in-
spection 10.

             Caution: The autopilot, sensors and actuators within the central
             body of the eXom are specially calibrated and should only be mod-
             ified by your eXom reseller. Opening the central body of the eXom
             will void the warranty.

6.6.1 Check your motors

The eXom uses brushless DC motors to turn its propellers and generate thrust. AII
4 motors must be clean and spin smoothly without friction to function correctly.
To check the motors, follow these steps:

     1. Remove the battery from the eXom.

    2. Visually inspect the motors.

    3. Turn each propeller with your finger. Ensure that there is no sand or other
        obstruction preventing the motor from turning smoothly. Ifthe motor does
        not turn smoothly, blow some air through the motor to dislodge any ob-
        struction.

6.6.2 Check inertial sensors

The inertial sensors are used by the autopilot to compute the attitude (i.e. its ori-
entation in space) of the drone. The attitude is displayed bythe artificial horizon in
the Flight Monitoring tab of eMotion X. To check the inertial sensors, follow these
steps:

     1. Switch the eXom and connect to eMotion X.

10 See se<tion'Maintenance schedule' on page 102

9
                                                        Maintenance and repair of the eXom

    2. Put the drone on a flat surface (typically an office floor) and check that the
        artificial horizon is level,

    3. Take the drone with your hand and put it indifferent orientation. Makesure
        that the artificial horizon displays the corresponding orientation.

The artificial horizon shou Id follow smoothly the motion of the eXom and it should
not drift when the drone is not moving. In case of doubt, take a short video
and follow the instructions in section'Reporting a problem with your eXom' on
page 102 for advice.

6.6.3 Check barometric pressure sensor

The barometric pressure sensor is used to measure the altitude from the take-off
location. To check it, follow these steps:

    1. Switch the eXom and connect to eMo[ionX.

    2. Move the drone from your feet to above your head (about 2 m altitude vari-
        ation).

    3. Check the altitude on the vertical barto the right of the artificial horizon or
         in the Status Panel next to the drone icon on the map).

The displayed altitude should follow the drone motion, i.e. if the drone is raised
by 2 m, the altitude reading should increase by about 2 m.

6.7 Repairing the eXom airframe

The eXom's advanced materials and construction mean that it has very few user-
serviceable parts.
Only carry out the basic repairs described in this user manual. Do not try and
disassemble the drone beyond the part replacement procedures described in this
manual. Do not try and remove the top cover.

                                                        m
Maintenance and

If your drone is damaged, contact senseFly or your eXom reseller.

     i Caution: Never fly a damaged eXom.

6.8 Proper battery care

Proper care ofyour eXom's battery is important to prevent damage to your drone
and to maximize flight time. Batteries perform better at medium or high air tem-
perature and it is normal to observe shorter flight times in cold weather.
The charger delivered with your drone automatically checks for healthy voltages
of all cells and only attempts charging if they are within limits. If the cells are out
of balance, the charger will take care of balancing them.

             Caution: The batteries delivered with your drone are deeigned to be
             charged with the charger del ivered with your eXom. senseFly Ltd can-
             not be held responsible for any consequences resulting from using a
             different charger. In particular, using a charger improperly config-
             ured or designed for other types of batteries may lead the battery
             pack to be permanently damaged or to catch fire.

LiPo batteries do not exhibit any memory effect. We recommend that you always
fully charge them after use even when they are only partially discharged.
When not using the battery store it with 50
Charge level is shown by the battery indicator on the battery.
Dispose of the battery safely and appropriately.

             Caution: After flight, the battery will be warm. Allow it to cool down
             before charging.

 0 Caution: Always fly missions with a fully-charged battery.

m
                                           Maintenance and renair of the eXom
Caution: If the battery swells or if any of the cells are punctured the
battery is damaged and should be discarded. Do not charge a dam-
aged battery - it may catch fire.

                                                                                                        91
Maintenance and

7 Troubleshooting

             Goal of this section: This section describes the various error mes-
            sages that may be displayed during start-up or while the eXom is in
             flight and provides some tips on solving the simplest problems.
             In the case of a more serious problem, this section describes how to
            prepare the required data on the problem and report it to your eXom
             reseller.
The eXom can generate several types of error messages. some of these messages
are minor and simply need to be acknowledged through eMotion X, whereas oth-
ers require more specific action from the user. As long as the drone is connected
to eMotionX, error messages will appear in the software.

7.1 About the autopilots

The eXom's autopilot is divided into 2 functional units-the low-level autopilot and
the high-level autopilot. The low-level autopilot deals with direct control of the
propellers and interpreting commands from the remote control. The high-level
autopilot deals mainly with autonomous flight.

92
                                                                                    Trou

7.2 In-flight warnings

While it is in flight the eXom can generate two types of errors: warnings and fail-
ures. In-flight warnings occur when there is an event that requires an automatic
response from the drone, or the user's attention a nd action, but does not com pro-
mise the drone's ability to continue flying.
If an in-flight warning is raised while flying an autonomous mission, the drone
will immediately abort the mission and head back to the Home waypoint (apart
from loss of satellite positioning signals). The drone will fly in a straight line in
the direction of the Home waypoint, climbing or descending to the waypoint's
altitude. Always place your home waypoint so that, in case of in-flight warning,
there are no obstacles between the drone and the Home waypoint to prevent a
collision.
Once it reaches the Home waypoint the drone will wait for a command until its
battery is empty, and then initiate a landing when a'Failure: empty battery' Crit-
ical failure is triggered (as described in section'Critical (ailures' on page 96).
Ifflying manually,warnings mustbe acknowledged by clicking onthe'ACK WARN-
ING' button on eMotion X's Control Bar, after which, to avoid loss of your drone,
collision or a crash, you must carry out the action recommended below. The full
list of possible In-flight warnings and required User actions can be found in table 3
on the following page.

                                                                                                                              93
Maintenance and

                     Table 3: In-flight warnings

      eMotionXtezt   pes<ription
                     Useraction

      High-level     The high-level autopilot's barometer has failed.
      barometer      User Action: Land as soon as possible.
      failure

      Low-level IMU  One of eXom's inertial measurement units has failed.
      failure        User action: Land as soon as possible.

      Battery gauge  The drone is unable to measure the remaining battery
      failure        charge. There is a risk that the battery will run out dur-
                     ing flight.
                     User Action: Land as soon as possible. Recharge the
                     drone battery before the next flight.

      Low battery    The remaining battery level is too low to continue the
                     flight pian.
                     User Action: Land as soon as possible. Recharge the
                     drone battery before the next flight.

      Battery hot    The drone's battery is overheating. There is a riskthat it
                     will fail or catch fire.

                     User Action: Land as soon as possible. Remove the
                     battery from the drone and place it in a fireproof bag
                     or container to cool down. Do not charge or use the
                     battery again.

FI'f
                 Troubleshooti

Autopilot over-  The drone's autopilot is overheating. There is a riskthat
heating          itwillfail.

                 User Action: Land as soon as possi ble. Allow the drone
                 to cool before the next flight.

Outside work-    The drone has Ieft the working area. This may occur
ing area
                 if waypoints are set close to or outside of the working
                 area or due to strong wind. There is a risk of collision,
                 loss or prosecution.

                 User Action: Bring the drone back into the working
                 area.

Above working    The drone has climbed above the working area ceiling.       ,
ceiling          This may occur if waypoint altitudes are set close to or
                 outside the working area or due to strong wind. There       '
                 is a risk of collision, loss or prosecution.
                                                                             '.
                 User Action: Bring the drone back below the working

                 ceiling.

Telemetry link   The eXom has not received any data from eMotion X for       '.
failure          more than 30 s. This can be due to a large distance be-     .
                 tween drone and ground modem, a problem with the
                 ground modem, antenna positioning or interference.          .
                 Videofeedbackwillbelostandpilotingwillbecomedif-
                 ficult.
                 User Action: Try to improve radio signal quality by fol-
                 lowing the instructions in section 'I m proving radio sig-
                 nal communication' on page 100. If this is impossible,
                 land as soon as possible.

                                                                             95
Maintenance and

Strong wind      There is too much wind to maintain stable flight. There
                 is a risk the drone crashes, collides or exits the working
                 area. If it cannot reach the Home waypoint, it lands im-
                 mediately.

                 User Action: Land as soon as possible.

Poor GPS cover-  Your eXom is unable to reliably calculate its position.
age              Unless flying manually, there is a riskof loss or collision.
                 Manual flight is, however, unaffected.

                 Response: Unless flying manually, the drone raises an
                 alert, returns to the Home waypoint and immediately
                 engages its landing sequence.
                 Prevention: Only fly autonomously outside, in areas
                 with good satellite positioning signal coverage.

7.3 Critical gailures

A critical failure is an error that occurs in flight that prevents the continuation of
normal flight. This is the most serious type of error that can occur with the eXom.
When a critical failure occurs flight is aborted and the drone initiates an Emer-
gency action which immediately directs it to the ground.
Table 4 on the following page describes the critical failures that may occur and
what action is taken by the drone. In some cases it may be possible to manually
control the drone using the remote controP'. If a critical failure occurs that results
in an Emergency landing we recommend that you keep track of the drone's last
known position in the air and in eMotionX if possible and follow the instructions
in section'Losing and locating your eXom in the field' on page 101.

" see section'Manual control of the eXom' on page 50

09
                    Table 4: Critical failures

eMotionXtext        Description                                                                       ;
                                                                                               '
High-level autopi-                                                                                    I
lotfailure          Effect on droneldrone's response
                    Prevention
                    Userattion

                    The eXom's high-level autopilot has failed.                                       '
                    Response: The drone raises an alert and immedi-
                    ately engages its landing sequence.                                               I
                    Prevention: Only fly within the eXom's recom-

                    mended operating conditions.

                    User action: If automatic landing will be safe, allow

                    your drone to land. If not, land your drone manually.

High-level IMU One of eXom's inertial measurement units has failed.

failure             Response: The drone raises an alert and immedi-

                    ately engages its landing sequence.

                    User action: If automatic landing will be safe, allow

                    your drone to land. If not, land your drone manually,

High-level magne-   One of your eXom's internal compasses has failed.
tometer failure     Response: The drone raises an alert and immedi-
                    ately engages its landing sequence.
                    User action: If automatic landing will be safe, allow
                    your drone to land. If not, land your drone manually.

                                                                                                  97
Maintenance and R

   Low-levelbarome-   One of your eXom's barometer units has failed.
   ter failure        Response: An alert is raised and, unless under man-
                      ual control, the drone flies in a straight line to the
                      home waypoint. If under manual control, the drone
                      carries out an immediate emergency landing.
                      User action: If automatic landing will be safe, allow
                      your drone to land. If not, land your drone immedi-
                      ately.

   Low-level magne-   One of your eXom's internal compasses has failed.
   tometer failure    Response: An alert is raised and, unless under man-
                      ual control, the drone flies in a straight line to the
                      home waypoint. If under manual control, the drone
                      carries out an immediate emergency landing.
                      User action: If automatic landing will be safe, allow

                      your drone to land. If not, land your drone immedi-
                      ately.

   Batteryoverheat    YoureXom'sbatterieshaveoverheated.Therelsarisk
                      of battery failure or fire.
                      Response: The drone immediately lands.
                      Prevention: Inspect your batteries before each
                      flight. Store them accordi ng to senseFly's recom men-
                      dations. Do not operate the drone outside the rec-

                      ommended temperature range.

   Battery  critical  Your eXom's batteries can no longer provide enough
   level              energy to keep the drone airborne.

                      Effect: The drone immediately lands.
                      Prevention: Do not allow your drone's batteries to

                      run out.

m
Lost RC signal in  Your eXom lost contact with the remote control dur-
manual mode        ing manualflight.

                   Response (Autonomous flight): The drone flies in a
                   straight line to the home waypoint.
                   Response (Manual flight): The drone immediately
                   lands.
                   Prevention: Do not allow your drone to fly beyond
                   the range of the remote control or allow an obstacle
                   such as a building or terrain to block the RC signal.

GPSfailure         Your eXom's GPS has malfunctioned. The drone is un-

                   able to reliably calculate its position. Unless flying
                   manually, there is a risk of loss or collision. Manual
                   flight is, however, unaffected.
                   Response: Unless flying manually, the drone raises
                   an alert and immediately engages its landing se-
                   quence.
                   Prevention: Only fly autonomously outside, where
                   there is good satellite positioning signal coverage.

Far outside work-  While flying autonomously, your eXom has been
ing area           pushed well outside the working area.
                   Response: Unless flying manually, the drone raises

                   an alert and immediately engages its landing se-
                   quence.
                   Prevention: Only fly your drone in suitable weather
                   conditions.

                                                                           F}1
Maintenance and Repair

Abnormal sink           Your eXom is descending at an unexpected rate or the
rate and attitude       drone pitch or roll angle is higher than 90 0
                        Response: The eXom immediately stops its motors.
                        Prevention: In manual modes, do not make the
                        drone descend into its own downwash.

                        User action: Prepare in whatever way possible for a
                        falling drone.

Motor controller        The processor controlling your eXom's propellers has
failure                 failed.
                        Effect: The propellers stop.
                        User action: Prepare in whatever way possible for a
                        falling drone.

Battery failure         The battery is not providing enough power for Flight.
                        Effect: The propellers stop.
                        User action: Prepare in whatever way possible for a
                        falling drone,

7.4 Improving radio signal communication

You may occasional ly lose the data connection between eMotion X and your eXom
while in the field. Whether there is a loss in uplink or downlink communication,
the drone will continue Flying along its Flight Plan and should re-establish the
connection as it flies closer to the base station or changes direction.
Data connection range can be effected by many external factors such as antenna
height, terrain and obstacles or radio interference. We recommend the following
tips to improve the range of your connection in the field:

100
                                                                                    Trou

    1. Place the USB ground modem as high as possible (for example, on top of a
        car, ladder or nearby building). A height of at least 2 m is recommended.

    2. Ensure that the USB ground modem's antennas are properly screwed on
        and are pointing straight up.

The strength of the connection between the drone and eMotion X is indicated in
the Flight Monitoring tab.

7.5 Losing and locating your eXom in the field

In case you lose your drone in the field for whatever reason, whether from a loss
of communications, a Critical failure or an accidental collision, use the following
steps to try to recover it:

    1. Do not disconnect the connection in eMotion X! If it is out of communica-
        tion range, the drone should reconnect automatically as it comes back into
        range.

    2. Note the last known location of the drone in eMotion X by printing the
        screen or writing down the location displayed.

    3. Move towards this last known direction with the computer running eMo-
        tion X in the hope of regaining a connection. Be sure to take the remote
        control with you as well.

    4. Ifyou have reached the last known location ofyour drone and have notyet
        found it, turn on the remote control.

    S. Try moving both the control sticks around. If the drone is within range it
        may start making noise with its propellers.

    6. Try moving downwind from the last known location in case the drone was
         pushed by the wind while still in the air.

                                                                                                                                   101
Maintenance and Repair

7.6 Reporting a problem with your eXom

If there is a problem with your eXom, whether it is a software malfunction, dam-
aged airframe or any other problem, we recommend the following actions:

    1. If there is an error message displayed in eMotionX, begin by checking sec-
        tion'Troubleshooting' on page 92 to see if there is a solution to the partic-
        ular message.

    2. CheckourKnowledgeBase,partofmy.senseFly",toseeifthereisasolution
        to your problem.

    3. If you have still not found a solution, contact your eXom reseller. Please
        include the following information with your inquiry:
            · The serial number of your drone.
            · A short description of the problem.
            · The Drone Flight Log file of the flight that had a problem.
           o The eMotion Flight Log file of the flight that had a problem. You can
              find this file in the eMotion/logs/ directory which is created in My
              Documents on Windows.
           e Photos or video of the eXom airframe, if required.

             Note: In order to provide support, senseFly may request the flight
             log files for inspection.

7.7 Maintenance schedule

You must carry out a general airframe inspection" before every flight. You must
also perform a full airframeand sensorinspection14 at least once a month, orevery

" http://my.sensefly.com
" See section'Preparing the eXom for fllght' on page 33
14 See section'Full inspection' on page 87

102
20 flight hours, whichever comes first. In addition, perform this full inspection
when bringing your drone out of long-term storage (more than 1 month) after
any repair, part replacement, heavy landing or other unexpected incident.

                                                                                                                            103
     A

     ~
     ~
     a

     _~

     a
     a

      V1

     YA
     YRV>
     V~

     mC

     c

     N

     Y_.~

m
0G
c
0

V
ac ~L~L
vc~
     ii0
v    d
c~   C
     6!

v~
c
4: h

     O7

     S

     z

     N

     a"Oa
     E
     V
     Q

     N

     Y
      R
     ~
                  Part IV

Specifications
Software requirements

eMotionX has thefollowing minimum software requirements:

Operatingsystem      MicrosoftWindows7/8
         Hardware    1.6 GHz processor
                     4 GB RAM (8GB recommended)
             Screen  10 GB free storage space
                     recommended resolution: 1920 x 1080
                     visible outdoors

PostFlight Terra 3D has the following minimum software requirements:

  Operating system Microsoft Windows 7/ 8
                             64-bit on(y

           Hardware 1.6 GHz processor (2 GHz Intel i5/i7/Xeon recommended)
                             4 GB RAM (16 GB recommended for large projects)
                              10 GB free storage space (1 TB recommended for large
                              projects)

                Screen min. resolution: 1024x768
2 Drone specifications

  Nominal take-oPf weight (approx.) 1.7 kg (3.7 Ib)
                Weight without battery 1.1 kg (2.41b)

            Maximum take-off weight 1.9 kg (4.2 Ib)
                              Dimensians 799 x 561 x 172 mm (31.5 x 22.1 x 6.8 in)

        Max. airspeed (manual flight) 12 m/s (43 km/h, 27 mph)
  Max. airspeed (autonomous Flight) 8 m/s (29 km/h,18 mph)

                 Maximum climb speed 7 m/s (23 ft/s)
             Maximum pitch/roll angle 60°

                   Possible manoeuvres Climb, descend, hover, pitch, roll, yaw
    Nominal endurance (flight time)" 22 min

                                  Material Carbon structure & composite parts
                                    Battery 3-cell 8500 mAh

                           Battery weight 0.57 kg (1.3 Ib)
                  Optimum charge time 1.5 hours

                     Main camera-stills 38 Mp
                       Main camera FOV 63°

                    Main camera - video HD (1280 x 720 pixels)
                                                 Stills and video geo-referenced

               Thermal camera images 80 x 60 pixels
                   Thermal camera FOV 50°

    Thermal camera temp. resolution 0.1 ° C (0.2° F)

   can vary greatly depending on external factors such as wind, altitude change and temperature.
                      Navcam resolution 640 x 480 pixels
                             Navcam FOV 120°

                Ultrasonic sensor range 6 m (20 ft)
                  Ultrasonic sensor FOV 50°
                                Propulsion 4 x electric brushless motors

            Max. wind (manual Flight) 10 m/s (36 km/h, 22 mph, 19 kts)
      Max. wind (autonomous flight) 8 m/s (29 km/h, 18 mph, 16 kts)

                Operating temperature -10 to 40° C

                                     Communication devices

                                          Grc und modem
                                   Range 16 Up to 2 km (1.2 miles)
                                 Frequency 2.4 GHz & 5 GHz ISM bands
                                    Streams MiMo 2x2 with Spatial Diversity
                       Transmision Mode OFDM" or DSSS' a
                          Radiated Power Up to 630 m W 19
                                  Antennas Dual Omnidirectional
                                    Security WPA Encryption

10 can vary greatly depending on external factors such as cruise altitude, presence of obstades and
   radio-frequencyinterference.

° Orthogonal Frequency Division Modulation
' a Direct Sequence Spread Spectrum
19 automati<ally configured based on frequency and legal limits of the country
                       Remote control
              Frequency 2.4 GHz

                   Range Up to 0.8 km (0.5 miles)

Carry case dimensions 92 x 64 x 22 cm (36 x 25 x 9 in)
