July 30, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12234
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015-1923

Mr. Richard Boyle
 dba Sky Eye View
3753 Swetland Drive
Doylestown, PA 18902

Dear Mr. Boyle:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated May 14, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of Sky Eye View (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption. The petitioner
requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct aerial photography and
videography.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a DJI S1000.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
                                                                                                                 2

aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

· They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

· The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

· A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Richard Boyle dba Sky Eye View is granted an
exemption from 14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a),
91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and
91.417(a) and (b), to the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform
aerial data collection. This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed
below.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                             3

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Richard Boyle dba Sky Eye View is hereafter referred to as
the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI S1000 when
    weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any other
    aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
    not permitted.

3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
    exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
    compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
    airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
    aircraft manufacturer.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
    electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
    must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
    required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
                                                                                                            4

    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.
                                                                                                            5

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.
                                                                                                            6

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

    The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
    nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
    reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
    contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.
                                                                                                                 7

 If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
 television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                    8

This exemption terminates on July 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
Richard Boyle (dba Sky Eye View) Section 333 Exemption Request

Contact Information:

Richard Boyle (dba Sky Eye View)
3753 Swetland Drive
Doylestown, PA 18902
Phone: (215) 429-1409
Email: skyeyecandy@gmail.com

May 14, 2015

U. S. Department of Transportation
Docket Management System
1200 New Jersey Ave, SE
Washington, DC 20590

Exemption Request Section 333 of the FAA Reform Act of the Federal Aviation Regulations from
Part 21; 14 C.F.R. 45.23(b); 14 C.F.R. Part 21; 14 C.F.R. 61.113(a)&(b); 91.7(a); 91.9(b) (2);
91.121; 91.151(a); 91.203(a)&(b); 91.405(a); 91.407(a) (1); 91.409(a) (2); 91.417(a)&(b) ;
91.119c

Dear Sir or Madam,

I, Richard Boyle (dba Sky Eye View), am writing pursuant to the FAA Modernization and Reform
Act of 2012 and the procedures contained within 14 C.F.R. 11, to request that I, Richard Boyle
(dba Sky Eye View), Academy of Model Aeronautics (AMA) Member, Association for Unmanned
Vehicle Systems International (AUSVI) Member, be exempted from the Federal Aviation
Regulations ("FARs") listed below so that I, Richard Boyle (dba Sky Eye View), may operate my
state-of-the-art professional grade small unmanned aircraft systems (sUAS) commercially in
airspace regulated by the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA).

The sUAS are as follows:

1. DJI S1000 octocopter using the DJI A2 flight controller with Zenmuse gimbal and Panasonic
    GH4 camera. Maximum take off weight is 24 pounds.

2. DJI S1000 octocopter using the DJI A2 flight controller with Zenmuse gimbal and Panasonic
    GH3 camera. Maximum take off weight is 24 pounds.

Flight operations and control for both are identical since both use the same DJI A2 flight
controller and prescribed flight envelope exemptions will be the same. Line of site (LOS)
operation only, 400 foot altitude restriction, maximum 30 knot speed, and 1500 foot maximum
lateral distance, Both sUAS have GPS guidance systems with fail-safe and return to home
capability. I have 100+ hours of flight time experience with each sUAS and I will be the sole
operator of the sUAS.

I, Richard Boyle (dba Sky Eye View), have flown sUAS for recreational purposes and I am
knowledgeable of current FAA guidelines and regulations. My intent for the commercial use of
these sUAS is to create videos and photographs for people who can benefit from the unique
vantage provided by my equipment and services.

My exemption request would permit operation of sUAS in predetermined in areas away from
general public, airports, heliports and vehicular traffic for community videos, and within property
boundaries for small business and individual real estate listing videos and photos with the
permission of the property owners or designee. Currently, similar sUAS are legally operated by
unmonitored amateur hobbyists with no safety plan or controls. I, Richard Boyle (dba Sky Eye
View), have personally instilled safety systems within AMA guidelines, AC 91.57 circular, and
completed a comprehensive training program provided by the sUAS dealer where I purchased
the sUAS.

Operation of the sUAS will be per attached user guides and modified RCAPA checklists, AC
91-57 (400 foot max altitude, line of site (LOS) operation only, not within Class C or B airspace,
and only in Class D with prior permission and Transceiver contact with Control tower, Class G
and E airports at least 3 miles from airports or with proper Airspace procedures Authorization or
Contact, and under visual flight rules (VFR).

Granting my, Richard Boyle (dba Sky Eye View), request comports with the Secretary of
Transportation's (FAA Administrator's) responsibilities and authority to not only integrate sUAS's
into the national airspace system, but to "...establish requirements for the safe operation of such
aircraft systems [sUAS] in the national airspace system" under Section 333(c) of the Reform Act
specific to the use of sUAS for aerial media and real estate purposes. Further I, Richard Boyle
(dba Sky Eye View), will conduct my operations in compliance with the protocols described
herein or as otherwise established by the FAA.

For the following reasons I, Richard Boyle (dba Sky Eye View), respectfully request the grant of
an exemption allowing me to operate remote controlled sUAS:

1. Community awareness to benefit and enhance attraction to the Southeastern Pennsylvania
    area.

2. Utilize aerial media for small business and real estate listing videos for homeowners who
    cannot afford expensive manned aircraft for the same purpose.

3. Cost effective commercial infrastructure inspection to promote public safety.

This exception is similar and has precedence as exemption 11153 (Burnzeye View, INC.) and
exemption 11138 (Douglas Trudeau).

I have attached the following documents with my request:

1. Operator Manuals for the DJI S100 (Quick Start and Full)
2. Operator Manual for the DJI A2 Flight System
3. Operator Manual for the DJI Lightbridge System
4. Operational/preflight checklist guidelines
The specific sections of Title 14 of the Code of Federal Regulations from which Richard Boyle
(dba Sky Eye View) requests exemption are:

14 C.F.R. Part 21
14 C.F.R. 45.23(b);
14 C.F.R. Part 21;
14 C.F.R. 61.113(a)&(b); 91.7(a);
91.9(b) (2);
91.121;
91.151(a); 91.203(a)&(b); 91.405(a);
91.407(a) (1);
91.409(a) (2); 91.417(a)&(b) ;
91.119c

The extent of relief Richard Boyle (dba Sky Eye View) seeks and the reason he seeks such
relief:

I, Richard Boyle (dba Sky Eye View), submit this application in accordance with the Reform Act,
112 P.L. 95 §§ 331-334, seeking relief from any currently applicable FARs operating to prevent
me, Richard Boyle (dba Sky Eye View), contemplated commercial cinematic, academic, and
other flight operations within the national airspace system. The Reform Act in Section 332
provides for such integration of civil unmanned aircraft systems into our national airspace
system as it is in the public's interest to do so. My, Richard Boyle (dba Sky Eye View)'s, sUAS
meet the definition of "small unmanned aircraft" as defined in Section 331 and therefore the
integration of sUAS are expressly contemplated by the Reform Act.

I would like to operate my sUAS commercially prior to the time period by which the Reform Act
requires the FAA to promulgate rules governing such craft. The Reform Act guides the Secretary
in determining the types of UAS's that may operate safely in our national airspace system.

Considerations include: The weight, size, speed and overall capabilities of the sUAS; whether
the sUAS will be operated near airports or heavily populated areas; and, whether the sUAS will
be operated by line of sight (LOS). 112 P.L. 95 § 333 (a). Each of these items reflect in favor of
an exemption for me, Richard Boyle (dba Sky Eye View). My sUAS use eight (8) counter-
rotating propellers for balance, control and stability. My sUAS are equipped with GPS and auto
return fail safe technology. Weighing less than twenty four (24) pounds, below the maximum 55
pound limit, including cameras and gimbals.

I, Richard Boyle (dba Sky Eye View), consider safety the main priority of each flight. I am an
experienced sUAS pilot and have knowledge of airspace and manned flight operations. I have
100+ hours of flight experience and will operate each flight per attached user guides and
modified RCAPA checklists, AC 91-57 (operation between sunrise and sunset, 400 foot max
altitude, line of site (LOS) operation, not within Class C or B airspace, only in Class D with prior
permission and Transceiver contact with Control tower, Class G and E airports at least 3 miles
from airports or with proper Airspace procedures Authorization or Contact, and under visual
flight rules (VFR).

The sUAS and control systems operate with GPS and accelerometers which keep the craft in
place with no control input and allow return to home if the radio control signal is lost.
To further ensure safe flights I always use a fully charged and tested lithium battery and land
once voltage drops to 20% capacity. Both of the crafts are equipped with real-time flight data
transmitters as well as LED indicators to guarantee these safety guidelines are observed. The
sUAS also has an auto return fail safe protocol if the battery voltage becomes too low.

I, Richard Boyle (dba Sky Eye View)'s, am extremely cautious when operating my sUAS and will
not "create a hazard to users of the national airspace system or the public." 112 P.L. 95 § 333
(b). Given the small size and weight of my sUAS it falls well within Congress's contemplated
safety zone when it promulgated the Reform Act and the corresponding directive to integrate
sUAS into the national airspace system. Richard Boyle's (dba Sky Eye View) sUAS, are used in
hobby flight, has a demonstrable safety record and does not pose any threat to the general
public or national security.

How Richard Boyle (dba Sky Eye View)'s request will benefit the public:

Aerial videography for business use, geographical awareness and for real estate marketing has
been traditionally completed with manned fixed wing aircraft and helicopters. Aerial videography
is cost prohibitive. Only large businesses, realtors, and luxury homeowners can afford such an
expense. This deprives small businesses, small realtors, and non-luxury homeowners from
utilizing a valuable marketing tool. Manned aircraft pose more of a threat to both the pilots and
the general public due to the size and the combustable fuel held on board than sUAS which are
low mass and contain no combustable fuel.

Congress has already proclaimed that it is in the public's interest to integrate commercially flown
UAS's into the national airspace system. The sUAS proposed for exemption are battery
powered and create no emissions that can harm the environment. The consequence of a sUAS
crash is much less than a full size helicopter or fixed wing aircraft.

Permitting me, Richard Boyle (dba Sky Eye View), to immediately fly within national air space
furthers economic growth. Granting my exemption request substantially promotes the economic
impact for the Southeastern Pennsylvania community.

Reasons why Richard Boyle (dba Sky Eye View)'s exemption will not adversely affect public
safety or how the exemption will provide a level of safety at least equal to existing rule:

My, Richard Boyle (dba Sky Eye View)'s, exemption will not adversely affect public safety. I will
be flying UAS's with tighter restrictions than the general hobbyist who may or may not be
operating to AC 91-57. I have intimate knowledge of airspace and aircraft operations as well as
basic sectional knowledge.

My operations will only be conducted in non-navigable airspace or airspace that manned aircraft
should not be flying in. <400 feet AGL.

As a commercial operation, I will have a financial interest in public safety.

The aircraft will only operate 7-15 minutes per flight minimizing risk compared to full size
aircraft.

sUAS are directly controlled, within my line of site, and have fail safe return to home systems.

I operate according to RCAPA checklists, AC 91-57, and user manuals for each flight.

My, Richard Boyle (dba Sky Eye View), safety protocols provide a level of safety equal to or
exceeding existing rules.

sUAS do not need to operate at an altitude as high as manned aircraft and pose less danger in
a crash.

A Summary the FAA may publish in the Federal Register:

14 C.F.R. 21 and 14 C.F.R. 91: Airworthiness Certificates, Manuals and The Like.
14 C.F.R. 21, Subpart H, entitled Airworthiness Certificates, sets forth requirements for
procurement of necessary airworthiness certificates in relation to FAR § 91.203(a)(1). The size,
weight of my, Richard Boyle (dba Sky Eye View), sUAS permits exemption from Part 21
because my sUAS meets (and exceeds) an equivalent level of safety pursuant to Section 333 of
the Reform Act. The FAA is authorized to exempt aircraft from the airworthiness certificate
requirement under both the Act (49 U.S.C. § 44701 (f)) and Section 333 of the Reform Act. Both
pieces of legislation permit the FAA to exempt sUAS from the airworthiness certificate
requirement in consideration of the weight, size, speed, maneuverability and proximity to areas
such as airports and dense populations. My, Richard Boyle (dba Sky Eye View)'s, current and
projected sUAS meet or exceed each of the elements. Precedence of exemption 11138
14 C.F.R. 91.7(a) prohibits the operation of an aircraft without an airworthiness certificate. As no
such certificate will be applicable in the form contemplated by the FARs, this Regulation is
inapplicable. Aircraft will be inspected and preflighted per operators manual and attached
preflight guidelines.
14 C.F.R. § 91.9 (b) (2) requires an aircraft flight manual in the aircraft. As there are no on board
pilots or passengers, and given the size of the sUAS, this Regulation is non applicable. An
equivalent level of safety will be achieved by maintaining a safety/flight manual delineating
areas of where safety can be defined. The FAA has previously issued exemptions to this
regulation in Exemption Nos. 8607, 8737, 8738, 9299, 9299A, 9565, 9565B, 10167, 10167A,
10602, 10700 and 32827.
14 C.F.R. § 91.121 regarding altimeter settings is inapplicable insofar as the sUAS utilizes
electronic global positioning systems with a barometric sensor which "zeros" at field elevation.
Since flight times are limited to 15 minutes AGL indications will be accurate.
14 C.F.R. § 91.151 Fuel requirements for flight in VFR conditions prescribed minimums below
entire duration of flight time of sUAS. The sUAS will land with at least 30% of battery life. Visual
LED warnings from sUAS as well as telemetry data will show battery level and auto land will
begin at 30% battery life.
14 C.F.R. § 91.203 (a) and (b) provides for the carrying of civil aircraft certifications and
registrations. They are inapplicable for the same reasons described above. The equivalent level
of safety will be achieved by maintaining any such required certifications and registrations by
me, Richard Boyle (dba Sky Eye View).
14 C.F.R. § 45.23: Marking of The Aircraft.
Applicable Codes of Federal Regulation require aircraft to be marked according to certain
specifications. My sUAS are, by definition, unmanned. They therefore do not have a cabin,
cockpit or pilot station on which to mark certain words or phrases. Further, two-inch lettering is
difficult to place. Per exemption 11138 which highlights previous exemptions, no marking is
required or applicable.
14 C.F.R. §§ 61.113 (a) & (b), private pilots are limited to non-commercial operations.
I, Richard Boyle (dba Sky Eye View), can achieve an equivalent level of safety as achieved by
current Regulations because my sUAS does not carry any pilots or passengers. Further, I have
knowledge of airspace and aircraft operations and have a personal interest that sUAS and
manned aircraft do not intersect. The risks attended to the operation of my sUAS is far less than
the risk levels inherent in the commercial activities outlined in 14 C.F.R. § 61, et seq. Thus,
allowing me, Richard Boyle (dba Sky Eye View), to operate my sUAS meet and exceed current
safety levels in relation to 14 C.F.R. §61.113 (a) & (b).
14 C.F.R. § 91.119c prescribes safe altitudes for the operation of civil aircraft. It allows
helicopters to be operated at lower altitudes in certain conditions. My sUAS will never operate at
an altitude greater than 400 AGL. I, Richard Boyle (dba Sky Eye View), will however operate my
sUAS in safe areas away from the public and auto traffic. I will operate only with permission of
said property and structure owners or designee, providing a level of safety at least equivalent to
or below those in relation to minimum safe altitudes. In addition the DJI flight controllers on each
sUAS allow me to restrict the sUAS to a maximum altitude of 400 feet and 1500 feet
horizontally. Given the size, weight, maneuverability and speed of my sUAS, an equivalent or
higher level of safety will be achieved.
Per exemption 11138 ... "If barriers or structures are present that can sufficiently protect
nonparticipating persons from the sUAS or debris in the event of an accident, then the sUAS
may operate closer than 500 feet to persons afforded such protection. The operator must also
ensure that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises where
nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of the sUAS, flight
operations must cease immediately. When considering how to immediately cease operations,
the primary concern is the safety of those nonparticipating persons. In addition, the FAA finds
that operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet to vessels, vehicles, and structures
when the owner/controller of any such vessels, vehicles, or structures grants permission for the
operation and the pilot in charge (PIC) makes a safety assessment of the risk of operating
closer to those objects and determines that it does not present an undue hazard."
14 C.F.R. 91.405 (a); 407 (a) (1); 409 (a) (2); 417(a) & (b): Maintenance Inspections.
The above-cited Regulations require, amongst other things, aircraft owners and operators to
"have [the] aircraft inspected as prescribed in subpart E of this part and shall between required
inspections, except as provided in paragraph (c) of this section, have discrepancies repaired as
prescribed in part 43 of this chapter. . . ."
These Regulations only apply to aircraft with an airworthiness certificate. They will not,
therefore, apply to my, Richard Boyle (dba Sky Eye View), sUAS. However, as a safety
precaution I inspect my sUAS before and after each flight.
A Summary The FAA May Publish in the Federal Register: A. 14 C.F.R. 21 and 14 C.F.R. 91:
Airworthiness Certificates, Manuals and The Like. 14 C.F.R. 21, Subpart H, entitled
Airworthiness Certificates, sets forth requirements for procurement of necessary airworthiness
certificates in relation to FAR § 91.203(a)(1). The size, weight and enclosed operational area of
my UAS permits exemption from Part 21 because my, Richard Boyle (dba Sky Eye View)'s,
UAS meets an equivalent level of safety pursuant to Section 333 of the Reform Act. The FAA is
authorized to exempt aircraft from the airworthiness certificate requirement under both the Act
(49 U.S.C. § 44701 (f)) and Section 333 of the Reform Act. Both pieces of legislation permit the
FAA to exempt UAS's from the airworthiness certificate requirement in consideration of the
weight, size, speed, maneuverability and proximity to areas such as airports and dense
populations. My UAS meets or exceeds each of the elements. 14 C.F.R. 91.7(a) prohibits the
operation of an aircraft without an airworthiness certificate. As no such certificate will be
applicable in the form contemplated by the FARs, this Regulation is inapplicable. 14 C.F.R. §
91.9 (b) (2) requires an aircraft flight manual in the aircraft. As there are no pilots or passengers,
and given the size of the UAS's, this Regulation is inapplicable. An equivalent level of safety will
be achieved by maintaining a manual. The FAA has previously issued exemptions to this
regulation in Exemption Nos. 8607, 8737, 8738, 9299, 9299A, 9565, 9565B, 10167,
maintenance program that involves regular software updates and curative measures for any
damaged hardware. Therefore, an equivalent level of safety will be achieved.
Request precedence of 11138 exemption...
"7) Prior to each flight, the pilot in charge (PIC) must inspect the sUAS to ensure it is in a
condition for safe flight. If the inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the
sUAS, the sUAS is prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been
performed and the sUAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight. The Ground Control Station
must be included in the preflight inspection. All maintenance and alterations must be properly
documented in the aircraft records.
8) Any sUAS maintenance or alterations that affect the sUAS operation or flight characteristics,
e.g. replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo a functional test flight. The piloting
charge (PIC) who conducts the functional test flight must make an entry in the aircraft records.
9) The pre-flight inspection section in the operating documents must account for all
discrepancies, i.e. inoperable components, items, or equipment, not already covered in the
relevant sections of the operating documents.
10) The operator must follow the sUAS manufacturer's aircraft/component, maintenance,
overhaul, replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements.
11) The operator must carry out its maintenance, inspections, and record keeping requirements,
in accordance with the operating documents. Maintenance, inspection, and alterations must be
noted in the aircraft records, including total flight hours, description of work accomplished, and
the signature of the authorized person returning the sUAS to service.
12) Each sUAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer Safety
Bulletins.
13) The authorized person must make an entry in the aircraft record of the corrective action
taken against discrepancies discovered between inspections."

In summary, Richard Boyle (dba Sky Eye View) seeks an exemption from the following
Regulations:
Part 21; 14 C.F.R. 45.23(b); 14 C.F.R. Part 21; 14 C.F.R. 61.113(a)&(b); 91.7(a); 91.9(b) (2);
91.121; 91.151(a); 91.203(a)&(b); 91.405(a); 91.407(a) (1); 91.409(a) (2); 91.417(a)&(b) ;
91.119c) to commercially operate my, Richard Boyle (dba Sky Eye View), sUAS in community
awareness, small business, and real estate operations. Currently, aerial media for small
business, area awareness, and real estate aerial videography/photography relies primarily on
the use of larger aircraft running on combustible fuel. Posing a potential risk to the public.
Granting my, Richard Boyle (dba Sky Eye View)'s, request for exemption will reduce current risk
levels and thereby enhance safety. My sUAS craft do not contain potentially explosive fuel, is
smaller, lighter and more maneuverable than conventional real estate video and photographic
aircraft with much less flight time. Further, I operate at lower altitudes in primarily non navigable
airspace eliminating potential public risk flying to and from established air fields.

Formal collection of information shared with the FAA will enhance the FAA's internal efforts to
establish protocols for complying with the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012. There
are no personnel on board my, Richard Boyle (dba Sky Eye View), sUAS and therefore the
likelihood of death or serious bodily injury is significantly diminished. My, Richard Boyle (dba
Sky Eye View)'s, operation of my sUAS, weighing less than twenty four (24) pounds, traveling at
lower speeds within limited areas will provide an equivalent level of safety as that achieved
under current FARs. Accordingly I, Richard Boyle (dba Sky Eye View), respectfully request that
the FAA grant my exemption request and am willing to cooperate in sharing information to
benefit the FAA, safety of manned aircraft, and the general public at large.
Respectfully submitted,

Richard Boyle
