May 8, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 11501
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­0283

Mr. Bernard Malouin, Jr.
Right Angle Photography, LLC
85R Acton Road
Westford, MA 01886

Dear Mr. Malouin:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

The Basis for Our Decision

By letter dated January 31, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA)
on behalf of Right Angle Photography, LLC (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an
exemption. The petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to
conduct aerial imaging, photography, and videography of properties.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a DJI Phantom 2 Vision+.
                                                                                                                 2

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Right Angle Photography, LLC is granted an
exemption from 14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a),
91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and
91.417(a) and (b), to the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform
aerial data collection. This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations
listed below.
                                                                                               3

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Right Angle Photography is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom 2
    Vision+ when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations
    of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
    not permitted.

3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
    exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
    compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
    airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
    aircraft manufacturer.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.

    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
    electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
    must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
    required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
                                                                                                            4

    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
                                                                                                            5

    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
                                                                                                               6

       (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
       be as large as practicable.

   23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
       any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
       PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
       These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
       official upon request.

   24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
       activities at all times.

   25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

   26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
       persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
          a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
             from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
             that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
             where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
             the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
             of nonparticipating persons; and
          b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
             for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
             the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
             present an undue hazard.

       The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
       nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

   27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
       permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
       Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
       obtained for each flight to be conducted.

   28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
       boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
       to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
       reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
       contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.
                                                                                                                 7

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.

This exemption terminates on May 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service
          Right Angle Photography, LLC
          Page 1 of 17

31 January 2015

U.S. Department of Transportation
Docket Management System
1200 New Jersey Avenue, SE
Washington, DC 20590

RE: Exemption Request, under Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act, from 14 CFR Part 21;
14 CFR 61.113(a); 14 CFR 91.7(a); 14 CFR 91.9(b)(2); 14 CFR 91.105; 14 CFR 91.119(c); 14 CFR 91.121; 14
CFR 91.151(a)(1); 14 CFR 91.203(a)(1); 14 CFR 91.203(b); 14 CFR 91.405(a); 14 CFR 91.407(a)(1); 14 CFR
91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2); 14 CFR 91.417(a) & (b).

Dear Sir or Madam:

I, Bernard Malouin Jr, am writing pursuant to the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 and the
procedures contained within 14 CFR Part 11 to request that I, Bernard Malouin Jr, an owner and operator of
a small unmanned aircraft system, be exempted from certain Federal Aviation Regulations ("FARs") listed in
Table 1 in order to allow commercial operations of my small, unmanned aircraft system (sUAS) for aerial
imaging, photography, and videography of properties.

Section [1] of this petition includes my contact information as the applicant. Section [2] enumerates the
regulations from which exemption is being requested in order to permit the operation of a small,
lightweight sUAS under controlled conditions and in a predetermined and clearly bounded space for the
purpose of aerial imaging, photography, and videography of properties. These regulations that pertain to
the sUAS platform itself are further discussed in Section [3], along with additional measures to maintain the
current level of safety. Section [4] discusses exemptions pertaining to the operator, and how any potential
risks are mitigated by limiting operation to a trained, certificated pilot-in-command (PIC) with a visual
observer (VO). Section [5] examines exemptions pertaining to flight operations and how safety will be
maintained at an equivalent or higher level than current approaches by implementation of Standard
Operating Procedures (SOP). Finally, Sections [6] and [7] include a summary for the Federal Register and
concluding remarks, respectively.

With the platform, personnel, and procedures contained herein in place, as well any additional guidance
from the FAA in consideration of this exemption, it is my strong belief that these sUAS operations will meet
and exceed the current level of safety and environmental impact of larger scale manned aircraft that
currently perform these functions. Approval of this exemption would thereby enhance safety, reduce
environmental impact, and fulfill the responsibility of the Secretary of Transportation (the FAA
Administrator) to "...establish requirements for the safe operation of such aircraft systems in the national
airspace system" pursuant to Section 333(c) of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012.

Bernard Malouin Jr.                                85R Acton Road
Phone: (978) 467-4994  Westford, Massachusetts 01886
          Right Angle Photography, LLC
          Page 2 of 17

[1] APPLICANT CONTACT INFORMATION

The name, address, and additional contact information for the applicant is:

         Bernard Malouin Jr
         Right Angle Photography, LLC
         85R Acton Road
         Westford, Massachusetts 01886
         Phone: (978) 467-4994
         Email: RightAnglePhotographyLLC@gmail.com

[2] REQUEST FOR EXEMPTION FROM CERTAIN PARTS OF 14 CFR

The applicant hereby petitions the Secretary of Transportation and Federal Aviation Administration for
exemption to the below referenced (in Table 1) and, in Sections [3] to [5] more fully described, Federal
Aviation Regulations that currently may apply to the commercial use of a small, unmanned aircraft system.

                                                 Table 1 - List of Requested Exemptions

This exemption request is expressly submitted to fulfill Congress's goal in passing the FAA Modernization
and Reform Act of 2012 (FMRA), Sections 333(a) through 333(c). This law directs the Secretary of
Transportation to consider whether certain UAS may operate safely in the national airspace system before
completion of the rulemaking called for under Section 332 of the same Act.

The Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 further states, if "the Secretary determines under [Section 333]
that certain unmanned aircraft systems may operate safely in the national airspace system, the Secretary
shall establish requirements for the safe operation of such aircraft systems in the national airspace system."
The applicant interprets this provision to place the duty on the Secretary to not only process applications

Bernard Malouin Jr.                                85R Acton Road
Phone: (978) 467-4994  Westford, Massachusetts 01886
          Right Angle Photography, LLC
          Page 3 of 17

for exemptions under Section 333, but for the Secretary to affirmatively craft conditions for the safe
operation of sUAS, should it be decided that the conditions of this application do not fulfill the statutory
requirements for approval.

Recently, the framework for precedent in this area has also been established with the granting of several
exemptions on the grounds of Section 333, whereby safety to the national airspace system has been
maintained. Some of these recent exemptions, which provide some obvious and apparent similarities to
the current exemption request, are Exemption 11138 (Douglas Trudeau), Exemption 11062 (Astraeus
Aerial), Exemption 11109 (Clayco, Inc), and Exemption 11110 (Trimble Navigation Ltd).

[3] RELATING TO THE SMALL, UNMANNED AIRCRAFT SYSTEM

[3.1] OVERVIEW AND SUPPORTING INFORMATION

The applicant petitions herein to exempt operations with a Phantom 2 Vision + (the sUAS). The Phantom 2
Vision + is a lightweight sUAS, carries no people or combustible fuel, and has several built-in safety features
in the event of flight emergencies. Based on the physical and safety features of the Phantom 2 Vision +,
along with previous findings in Exemption 11138 (Douglas Trudeau), it is believed that this platform falls
under the purview of Section 333, is able to meet or exceed acceptable safety levels, and is appropriate for
exemption.

Lightweight, small UAS. The complete specifications and operating limits for the Phantom 2 Vision + can
be found in the Phantom 2 Vision + User Manual, supplied as an attachment to this petition. However, it is
instructive to highlight some of the more pertinent operational limits that bound the risk of usage of the
Phantom 2 Vision +:

               Maximum dimension of the Phantom 2 Vision + is less than 23 inches, which counts the
                   maximum diagonal distance including maximum swept area of the propellers.

               Maximum weight for the Phantom 2 Vision + configurations flown under this petition are
                   less than 3 lbs with imaging sensors onboard.

               Maximum speed for the Phantom 2 Vision + is 30 mph. In practice, the Phantom 2 Vision +
                   is never flown at maximum speeds for the requested application (see Section [5.1]) as it is
                   contrary to the objective of sharp photographs or smooth video. For reference, even at
                   maximum speed, the momentum of the Phantom is comparable to a kicked soccer ball.

               Maximum flight time is limited to 30 minutes by available charge stored in the onboard
                   battery.

               Exceptional agility is provided by yaw rates up to 200°/sec and 20 ft/sec climb rates. This
                   agility allows the Phantom 2 Vision + to be safely operated in smaller, less accessible spaces
                   than could ever be imagined with conventional aircraft. Also, avoiding obstacles or
                   responding to flight emergencies can be accomplished with significantly less standoff
                   distance than is currently required for larger, manned aircraft.

Bernard Malouin Jr.                                85R Acton Road
Phone: (978) 467-4994  Westford, Massachusetts 01886
          Right Angle Photography, LLC
          Page 4 of 17

No occupants and benign cargo. A significant risk mitigation is provided by virtue of the fact that the sUAS
is inherently unmanned. Any risk of injury to people onboard the aircraft is completely eliminated. This
provides a significant safety upgrade over current operations that use manned helicopters to provide
similar services. Low flying helicopters near tree lines not only endanger occupants of the helicopter, but
also people on the ground. The sUAS avoids the risk to occupants completely. Additionally, as the
Phantom 2 Vision + is an electric sUAS, the absence of a combustible fuel is an important factor in reducing
risk to people and property on the ground should an accident occur.

Built-in safety features. The Phantom 2 Vision + has safety features to mitigate two of the most common
malfunctions for sUAS ­ loss of communication with the base station and low battery levels.

          The Phantom 2 Vision + mitigates loss of communication (e.g., exceeding transmitter range,
              blocked RF signal, electrical malfunction) by incorporating GPS functionality. The Phantom 2
              Vision + records the "home" GPS coordinates (set automatically on startup, verified during the
              preflight inspection). Then, if communication is lost during flight, the sUAS can hover in place
              to see if signal is restored or initiate a "Return to Home," returning to the "home" GPS
              coordinates and executing a landing there.

          If the battery reaches a critically low level, the "Return to Home" feature is also initiated. This
              feature returns the unit back to the "home" location and executes a landing before power is
              lost. This feature, and Standard Operating Procedures discussed in Section [5], mitigate one of
              the most tangible risks to sUAS ­ exhausting onboard battery charge that often leads to a crash.

          The sUAS also features a programmable maximum altitude and horizontal range to prevent
              accidental flight boundary excursions (limits set to 400 feet and 2000 feet, respectively).

          Finally, the sUAS includes software-defined "restricted areas" around airports where the
              Phantom 2 Vision + will not be able to operate. This is supplemented by Standard Operating
              Procedures which further reduce operating areas, as discussed later.

[3.2] REQUESTED EXEMPTION FROM 14 CFR Part 21 AND 14 CFR §91.203(a)(1)

Text of Cited Regulation:
         (a) Except as provided in § 91.715, no person may operate a civil aircraft unless it has within it the
         following:
                   (1) An appropriate and current airworthiness certificate. Each U.S. airworthiness certificate
                   used to comply with this subparagraph (except a special flight permit, a copy of the
                   applicable operations specifications issued under § 21.197(c) of this chapter, appropriate
                   sections of the air carrier manual required by parts 121 and 135 of this chapter containing
                   that portion of the operations specifications issued under § 21.197(c), or an authorization
                   under § 91.611) must have on it the registration number assigned to the aircraft under part
                   47 of this chapter. However, the airworthiness certificate need not have on it an assigned
                   special identification number before 10 days after that number is first affixed to the
                   aircraft. A revised airworthiness certificate having on it an assigned special identification
                   number, that has been affixed to an aircraft, may only be obtained upon application to an
                   FAA Flight Standards district office.

Bernard Malouin Jr.                                85R Acton Road
Phone: (978) 467-4994  Westford, Massachusetts 01886
          Right Angle Photography, LLC
          Page 5 of 17

Reason for Exemption: 14 CFR Part 21, Subpart H, establishes the procedural requirements for the
issuance of airworthiness certificates as required by 14 CFR §91.203(a)(1). Given the small size, modest
maximum speed, and limited operating area associated with the sUAS to be used by the applicant, an
exemption from Part 21 and §91.203(a)(1) meets the requirements of an equivalent level of safety under
Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012. The Federal Aviation Act (49 USC §44701(f))
and Section 333 of the FMRA both authorize the FAA to exempt aircraft from the requirement of an
airworthiness certificate, upon consideration of the size, weight, speed, operational capability, proximity to
airports and populated areas, and operation within visual line of sight of the sUAS. In all cases, an analysis
of these criteria demonstrates that the sUAS operated without an airworthiness certificate, in the limited
environment and conditions proposed herein, will be at least as safe, or safer, than a conventional
rotorcraft aircraft operating with an airworthiness certificate. The applicant respectfully requests
confirmation that this sUAS does not require airworthiness certification, as allowed under Section 333 of
the FMRA.

Mitigation Basis: Safety of the general public and the national airspace will be preserved by the safety
features of the sUAS platform described in [3.1], the training and certification of the operator described in
[4.1], and the additional operational limitations discussed in [5] and supplemented by the Standard
Operating Procedures attached to this petition.

Previous clarification that, in relation to a similar sUAS, Part 21 Subpart H was not applicable, and therefore
the sUAS does not require an airworthiness certification, was granted in Exemption 11138 (Trudeau).

[3.3] REQUESTED EXEMPTION FROM 14 CFR §91.203(b)

Text of Cited Regulation:
         (b) No person may operate a civil aircraft unless the airworthiness certificate required by paragraph
         (a) of this section or a special flight authorization issued under § 91.715 is displayed at the cabin or
         cockpit entrance so that it is legible to passengers or crew.

Reason for Exemption: It is believed that, per the request for relief in [3.2] of this petition and recent
rulings by the FAA (cf., Exemptions 11138, 11062, and 11110), that an airworthiness certificate is not
required for this sUAS. The cited portion of § 91.203(b) seemingly does not allow for aircraft that have
been determined by the FAA to not need an airworthiness certificate. Thus, if this sUAS is decided not to
need an airworthiness certificate (either under 14 CFR § 91.203(a)(1) or § 91.715), a waiver to 14 CFR
§91.203(b) is being requested.

Mitigation Basis: Safety of the general public and the national airspace will be preserved by the safety
features of the sUAS platform described in [3.1], the training and certification of the operator described in
[4.1], and the additional operational limitations discussed in [5] and supplemented by the Standard
Operating Procedures attached to this petition.

Previous clarification that, in relation to a similar sUAS, Part 21 Subpart H was not applicable, and therefore
the sUAS does not require an Airworthiness certification, was granted in Exemption 11138 (Trudeau).

Bernard Malouin Jr.                                85R Acton Road
Phone: (978) 467-4994  Westford, Massachusetts 01886
Right Angle Photography, LLC
Page 6 of 17

[3.4] REQUESTED EXEMPTION FROM 14 CFR §91.7(a)

Text of Cited Regulation:
         (a) No person may operate a civil aircraft unless it is in an airworthy condition.

Reason for Exemption: This regulation requires that no person operate an aircraft unless it is in an
airworthy condition. However, should [3.2] of this exemption be granted, there will be no airworthiness
certificate issued to this aircraft. Therefore, no FAA regulatory standard will exist for determining
airworthiness to fulfill this requirement. Therefore, relief from §91.7(a) is requested.

Mitigation Basis: An equivalent level of safety will be provided by the conflation of several factors. These
factors include the low weight of the sUAS (cf., [3.1]), the modest maximum speed of the sUAS (cf., [3.1]),
operation within the limits defined in [5.1] and the attached Standard Operation Procedures, and the
successful completion of a pre-flight checklist before every flight. The pre-flight checklist has been crafted
by the trained applicant specifically for this sUAS and has been iterated over the course of dozens of
recreational flights. The pre-flight checklist can be found as an attachment to this petition and includes
pre-flight checks of weather, battery levels, propeller structural integrity, other traffic in the area, and
potential obstacles within the flight area (physical or electromagnetic).

The rigorous pre-flight inspection is to allow the PIC to determine, before every flight, whether the sUAS is
in a condition safe for flight per §91.7(b). Relief from §91.7(b) is therefore not expected to be necessary,
nor is it being requested as part of this petition.

Relief from §91.7(a) has previously been granted to similar petitions, for example Exemption 11138
(Douglas Trudeau) and Exemption 11110 (Trimble Navigation Ltd).

[3.5] REQUESTED EXEMPTION FROM 14 CFR §91.9(b)(2)

Text of Cited Regulation:
         (b) No person may operate a U.S.-registered civil aircraft
                   (1) For which an Airplane or Rotorcraft Flight Manual is required by § 21.5 of this chapter
                   unless there is available in the aircraft a current, approved Airplane or Rotorcraft Flight
                   Manual or the manual provided for in § 121.141(b); and
                   (2) For which an Airplane or Rotorcraft Flight Manual is not required by § 21.5 of this
                   chapter, unless there is available in the aircraft a current approved Airplane or Rotorcraft
                   Flight Manual, approved manual material, markings, and placards, or any combination
                   thereof.

Reason for Exemption: As the sUAS will not be certificated under Part 21, a Flight Manual is not required
by §21.5. Therefore, §91.9(b)(2) requires that there be available, in the aircraft, a "current approved
Rotorcraft Flight Manual, approved manual material, markings, and placards, or any combination thereof."
This exemption is requested for three reasons. The first reason derives from the fact that there is no
officially FAA-approved manual for this system, making the requirement inapplicable. Second, the inherent

Bernard Malouin Jr.                                       85R Acton Road
Phone: (978) 467-4994         Westford, Massachusetts 01886
Right Angle Photography, LLC
Page 7 of 17

small size of the platform makes stowage of such material impossible onboard the aircraft as required by
§91.9(b)(2). Third, stowage of such a manual onboard the aircraft would not allow the PIC access to it
during flight, causing a potential safety concern. Therefore, relief is requested for §91.9(b)(2).

Mitigation Basis: Safety of the general public and the national airspace will be preserved by best capturing
the intent of the original regulation as it pertains to the sUAS at hand. The manufacturer's User Manual
(attached) will be used in place of an approved Flight Manual. The manufacturer's User Manual captures
pertinent information for safe flight and operation, including general performance data, proper
takeoff/landing procedures, and procedures for emergency situations such as loss of a communications
link. Stowage of this manual onboard the aircraft is both impossible and believed to be contrary to the
intent of the regulation, as the PIC would not be able to access it during flight if it were onboard the
aircraft. Therefore, the manufacturer's User Manual will be stored with the sUAS control station such that
it is available to the PIC, consistent with the findings from FAA Memorandum "Interpretation regarding
whether certain required documents may be kept at an UA's control station" dated 8 August 2014.

[3.6] REQUESTED EXEMPTION FROM 14 CFR §91.121

Text of Cited Regulation:
         (a) Each person operating an aircraft shall maintain the cruising altitude or flight level of that
         aircraft, as the case may be, by reference to an altimeter that is set, when operating
                   (1) Below 18,000 feet MSL, to
                             (i) The current reported altimeter setting of a station along the route and within
                             100 nautical miles of the aircraft;
                             (ii) If there is no station within the area prescribed in paragraph (a)(1)(i) of this
                             section, the current reported altimeter setting of an appropriate available station;
                             or
                             (iii) In the case of an aircraft not equipped with a radio, the elevation of the
                             departure airport or an appropriate altimeter setting available before departure; or
                   (2) At or above 18,000 feet MSL, to 29.92 Hg.
         (b) The lowest usable flight level is determined by the atmospheric pressure in the area of
         operation as shown in the [table omitted]
         (c) To convert minimum altitude prescribed under §§ 91.119 and 91.177 to the minimum flight
         level, the pilot shall take the flight level equivalent of the minimum altitude in feet and add the
         appropriate number of feet specified below, according to the current reported altimeter setting.

Reason for Exemption: This regulation requires each person operating an aircraft to maintain cruising
altitude by reference to an altimeter that is set to the elevation of the departure airport or an appropriate
altimeter setting available before departure. The sUAS may not have a barometric altimeter, but rather a
GPS altitude readout from the flight system telemetry. Therefore, an exemption may be needed.

Mitigation Basis: An equivalent level of safety will be achieved by the operator by means of the Pre-flight
checklist which records the altitude readout at the launch site as shown on the GPS altitude indicator
before flight. This site altitude will be subtracted from subsequent GPS altitude readouts to arrive at

Bernard Malouin Jr.                                       85R Acton Road
Phone: (978) 467-4994         Westford, Massachusetts 01886
Right Angle Photography, LLC
Page 8 of 17

altitude AGL. This compensates for field-site barometric pressure variations when calculating altitude AGL.
All altitudes reported to ATC will be in feet AGL.

Relief from §91.121 has previously been granted to similar petitions, for example Exemption 11062
(Astraeus Aerial) and Exemption 11138 (Douglas Trudeau).

[3.7] REQUESTED EXEMPTION FROM 14 CFR §91.405(a), §91.407(a)(1), §91.409(a)(1) & (2), §91.417(a)
& (b)

Text of Cited Regulation:
         (.405) Each owner or operator of an aircraft--
                   (a) Shall have that aircraft inspected as prescribed in subpart E of this part and shall
                        between required inspections, except as provided in paragraph (c) of this section, have
                        discrepancies repaired as prescribed in part 43 of this chapter;
                                                                   *****
         (.407) (a) No person may operate any aircraft that has undergone maintenance, preventive
         maintenance, rebuilding, or alteration unless--
                   (1) It has been approved for return to service by a person authorized under § 43.7 of this
                   chapter
                                                                   *****
         (.409) (a) Except as provided in paragraph (c) of this section, no person may operate an aircraft
         unless, within the preceding 12 calendar months, it has had--
                   (1) An annual inspection in accordance with part 43 of this chapter and has been approved
                   for return to service by a person authorized by § 43.7 of this chapter; or
                   (2) An inspection for the issuance of an airworthiness certificate in accordance with part 21
                   of this chapter.
                                                                   *****
         (.417) (a) Except for work performed in accordance with §§ 91.411 and 91.413, each registered
         owner or operator shall keep the following records for the periods specified in paragraph (b) of this
         section:
                   (1) Records of the maintenance, preventive maintenance, and alteration and records of the
                   100-hour, annual, progressive, and other required or approved inspections, as appropriate,
                   for each aircraft (including the airframe) and each engine, propeller, rotor, and appliance of
                   an aircraft. The records must include--
                             (i) A description (or reference to data acceptable to the Administrator) of the work
                             performed; and
                             (ii) The date of completion of the work performed; and
                             (iii) The signature, and certificate number of the person approving the aircraft for
                             return to service.
                   (2) Records containing the following information:
                             (i) The total time in service of the airframe, each engine, each propeller, and each
                             rotor.

Bernard Malouin Jr.                                       85R Acton Road
Phone: (978) 467-4994         Westford, Massachusetts 01886
          Right Angle Photography, LLC
          Page 9 of 17

                             (ii) The current status of life-limited parts of each airframe, engine, propeller, rotor,
                             and appliance.
                             (iii) The time since last overhaul of all items installed on the aircraft which are
                             required to be overhauled on a specified time basis.
                             (iv) The current inspection status of the aircraft, including the time since the last
                             inspection required by the inspection program under which the aircraft and its
                             appliances are maintained.
                             (v) The current status of applicable airworthiness directives (AD) and safety
                             directives including, for each, the method of compliance, the AD or safety directive
                             number and revision date. If the AD or safety directive involves recurring action,
                             the time and date when the next action is required.
                             (vi) Copies of the forms prescribed by § 43.9(a) of this chapter for each major
                             alteration to the airframe and currently installed engines, rotors, propellers, and
                             appliances.
         (.417) (b) The owner or operator shall retain the following records for the periods prescribed:
                   (1) The records specified in paragraph (a)(1) of this section shall be retained until the work
                   is repeated or superseded by other work or for 1 year after the work is performed.
                   (2) The records specified in paragraph (a)(2) of this section shall be retained and transferred
                   with the aircraft at the time the aircraft is sold.
                   (3) A list of defects furnished to a registered owner or operator under § 43.11 of this
                   chapter shall be retained until the defects are repaired and the aircraft is approved for
                   return to service.

Reason for Exemption: These sections reference the procedures and protocols under 14 CFR Part 43,
which applies only to aircraft with an airworthiness certificate. Given that the sUAS will not have an
airworthiness certificate, these sections will not apply to the applicant.

Mitigation Basis: Maintenance (including routine maintenance and repair to correct functionality issues)
will be conducted by the operator. Any sUAS maintenance or alterations that affect operations or flight
characteristics (e.g., replacement of a motor or electronic speed controller, but not replacement of the
battery), will undergo a functional flight test before being returned to service. Such maintenance,
inspection, or alterations will be noted in the aircraft logbook, to include total flight hours, description of
work, and the signature of the person returning the sUAS to service. As required in §91.7(b), the PIC also
completes a pre-flight checklist to ensure the sUAS is safe for flight before every flight. An equivalent level
of safety is therefore achieved by documentation of any maintenance or repair work done on the sUAS,
functional flight tests after certain maintenance, and pre-flight checkouts to ensure all systems are safe for
flight.

Relief from §91.405(a), §91.407(a)(1), §91.409(a)(1) & (2), and §91.417(a) & (b) has previously been granted
to similar petitions, for example Exemption 11062 (Astraeus Aerial), Exemption 11138 (Douglas Trudeau),
and Exemption 11110 (Trimble Navigation Ltd).

Bernard Malouin Jr.                                85R Acton Road
Phone: (978) 467-4994  Westford, Massachusetts 01886
Right Angle Photography, LLC
Page 10 of 17

[4] RELATING TO PILOT IN COMMAND

[4.1] OVERVIEW AND SUPPORTING INFORMATION

The applicant, Bernard Malouin Jr, would be the pilot-in-command (PIC) for all sUAS operations under this
exemption request. Bernard Malouin Jr's commitment to safety, technical expertise in aerospace systems,
flight training and certification, and experience with similar systems all enable operation of the sUAS while
meeting or exceeding the safety levels currently seen in manned platforms that perform similar missions.

Technical Expertise. The PIC, Bernard Malouin Jr, is an engineer by training and experience. Bernard
Malouin Jr received a Bachelor of Science degree in Aeronautical and Mechanical Engineering before
receiving a Doctorate in Mechanical Engineering. In practice, Dr. Malouin has led the engineering
development of several complex airborne systems. Furthermore, Dr. Malouin engages in teaching technical
short courses on the topic of small quadcopters, systems akin to the sUAS referenced in this petition, as
part of a Science, Technology, Engineering, and Math (STEM) enrichment program. Dr. Malouin has the
technical background and knowledge to fundamentally understand the capabilities, and limitations, of the
sUAS and to perform any required maintenance to keep the sUAS in safe, working order.

Flight Training and Certification. The PIC, Bernard Malouin Jr, currently holds an FAA-issued Private Pilot
certification and a Third Class Medical certificate. Bernard Malouin Jr has held a Private Pilot certificate for
over 10 years without incident. The applicant believes that the training provided, and proficiency
demonstrated, in completing a Private Pilot certification program brings important, tangible skills useful to
keeping the national airspace system safe while operating sUAS. The fundamental aeronautical knowledge
from Private Pilot training is seen to have a direct correlation to maintaining safety, for example by better
understanding general traffic patterns, airspace identification, weather identification, workload
management, and the use of pragmatic safety processes.

Experience with Similar Systems. Skills specific to particular equipment operations (e.g., handling of
controls, specific airspeeds, etc.) offer less of a parallel from traditional commercial aircraft to sUAS due to
the great difference in responsiveness, control, and agility of these smaller systems. However, the PIC,
Bernard Malouin Jr, has been flying small, electric RC helicopters and other small, unmanned aircraft
systems recreationally for over 8 years. Bernard Malouin Jr has over 30 hours of flight time on small,
electric rotorcraft in recreational settings. Moreover, Bernard Malouin Jr has over 10 hours of flight time
on multi-rotor sUAS, and well over the 5 hours of logged flight time on the exact make and model of this
exemption.

[4.2] REQUESTED EXEMPTION FROM 14 CFR 61.113(a)

Text of Cited Regulation:
         (a) Except as provided in paragraphs (b) through (h) of this section, no person who holds a private
         pilot certificate may act as pilot in command of an aircraft that is carrying passengers or property
         for compensation or hire; nor may that person, for compensation or hire, act as pilot in command
         of an aircraft.

Bernard Malouin Jr.                                       85R Acton Road
Phone: (978) 467-4994         Westford, Massachusetts 01886
          Right Angle Photography, LLC
          Page 11 of 17

Reason for Exemption: Regulation §61.113(a) limits operators with a private pilot certificate to non-
commercial operations. While the sUAS will not be carrying passengers or transporting property for hire,
the operator will be the pilot in command of an aircraft being used in a compensated activity. Therefore,
an exemption from §61.113(a) is requested.

Mitigation Basis: Because the sUAS will not carry a pilot or passengers, the proposed operations can
achieve the equivalent level of safety of current operations by requiring the PIC operating the sUAS to have
a private pilot certificate rather than a commercial pilot's license. Further, as explained in [4.1], the
applicant is exceptionally well qualified to operate such systems, blending aeronautical knowledge from
private pilot training, technical education in engineering, and years of recreational experience with like
systems (which differ in operation and flight control from larger commercial aircraft). The combination of
these relevant skills reduces the risk to the public and the national airspace to levels below what would be
found with knowledge acquired from a commercial pilot license alone. To maintain a level of currency,
within the previous 90 days the PIC will also conduct at least 3 take offs and landings with the sUAS before
commencing a commercial flight as noted in the SOP. The size (cf., [3.1]), speed (cf., [3.1]), and operating
limitations (cf., [5] and SOP) found herein exceed the level of safety that would otherwise be found with a
commercial pilot operating a conventional helicopter.

Relief from §61.113(a) has previously been granted to similar petitions, for example Exemption 11062
(Astraeus Aerial), Exemption 11138 (Douglas Trudeau), and Exemption 11110 (Trimble Navigation Ltd).

[5] RELATING TO THE sUAS OPERATIONS

[5.1] OVERVIEW AND SUPPORTING INFORMATION

The sUAS under this petition is equipped with an imaging sensor (e.g., GoPro video camera) and is to be
operated for aerial imaging, photography, and videography of property in a limited and well-defined
boundary. Some examples of aerial imaging include photographs or videos of structures (e.g., roofs, solar
panels, etc.) for subsequent, post-flight visual inspection. Typical examples of aerial photography include
the capture of photos of properties for post-flight use in marketing or advertising materials. Finally, some
examples of aerial videography are short video clips (limited to 2 minutes in duration) of property for later
composition and marketing, advertising, or other uses. All commercial operations are to take place on
property with the permission of the property owner, owner's authorized representative, or cognizant local
official.

The proposed operations serve many needs of homeowners, Realtors, and others in a way that is more cost
effective and safer than traditional approaches. One example pertains to a homeowner or Realtor who
wishes to have an aerial view of a property for advertising, marketing, or reasons of general interest.
Traditional methods include the use of a helicopter, posing additional risks due to the persons onboard the
platforms, significant weight (several tons), carriage of combustible Jet A fuel (over 100 gallons), and the
relative lack of maneuverability/agility of such platforms. This is all compounded by additional harmful
impacts to nearby persons who are then exposed to additional noise pollution in excess of 100 dB, causing
non-active participant safety concerns. Conducting this operation with the sUAS greatly reduces (or in
some cases, eliminates) these risks.

Bernard Malouin Jr.                                85R Acton Road
Phone: (978) 467-4994  Westford, Massachusetts 01886
          Right Angle Photography, LLC
          Page 12 of 17

Safe operation of the sUAS will be ensured by a thorough set of Standard Operating Procedures. A separate
document has been attached to this petition with the fully detailed SOP; however, these topically include:

                    Operation limited to visual, line-of-sight (VLOS)
                    Operation limited to daytime activities; no night operations
                    Use of a visual observer (VO) for all flights, who is in direct verbal contact with PIC
                    Operation limited to a maximum altitude of 400 feet AGL
                    Operational minimum standoff distances for nonparticipating persons
                    Operational minimum standoff distances for nonparticipating vehicles/structures
                    Operation with minimum standoff distances to clouds
                    No sUAS operations within 5 miles of a Class B, C, or D airport without ATC consent
                    Comprehensive Pre-Flight inspection by the PIC to determine safe-for-flight
                    Flight duration limited to 30 minutes in length or 30% battery remaining

Each of the above are listed in the attached SOP and are further elaborated upon in subsequent sections
that discuss relief to specific FARs and how the portion of the SOP mitigates any risk that may be
encountered by exemption from that particular FAR.

[5.2] REQUESTED EXEMPTION FROM 14 CFR §91.105

Text of Cited Regulation:
         (a) During takeoff and landing, and while en route, each required flight crewmember shall--
                   (1) Be at the crewmember station unless the absence is necessary to perform duties in
                   connection with the operation of the aircraft or in connection with physiological needs; and
                   (2) Keep the safety belt fastened while at the crewmember station.
         (b) Each required flight crewmember of a U.S.-registered civil aircraft shall, during takeoff and
         landing, keep his or her shoulder harness fastened while at his or her assigned duty station. This
         paragraph does not apply if--
                   (1) The seat at the crewmember's station is not equipped with a shoulder harness; or
                   (2) The crewmember would be unable to perform required duties with the shoulder
                   harness fastened.

Reason for Exemption: The regulation requires crew members (which may include the PIC and VO) to keep
a safety belt fastened while at their crewmember stations. As the sUAS has no occupants, this regulation is
not applicable as it would be detrimental to flight safety to require the operator and visual observer on the
ground to remain with a safety belt fastened. Therefore, exemption from §90.105 is requested.

Mitigation Basis: Due to the unusual nature of the sUAS operation (remotely from ground, with no
onboard crew), the safety of the general public, pilot in command, visual observer, and national airspace
system is adversely affected under the interpretation of this requirement that the pilot in command and
the visual observer on the ground must have a safety belt fastened at a designated station.

Bernard Malouin Jr.                                85R Acton Road
Phone: (978) 467-4994  Westford, Massachusetts 01886
          Right Angle Photography, LLC
          Page 13 of 17

[5.3] REQUESTED EXEMPTION FROM 14 CFR §91.119(c)

Text of Cited Regulation:
         Except when necessary for takeoff or landing, no person may operate an aircraft below the
         following altitudes:
                   (a) [omitted as not relevant to request for relief]
                   (b) [omitted as not relevant to request for relief]
                   (c) Over other than congested areas. An altitude of 500 feet above the surface, except over
                   open water or sparsely populated areas. In those cases, the aircraft may not be operated
                   closer than 500 feet to any person, vessel, vehicle, or structure.
                   (d) Helicopters. Helicopters may be operated at less than the minimums prescribed in
                   paragraph (b) or (c) of this section if the operation is conducted without hazard to persons
                   or property on the surface. In addition, each person operating a helicopter shall comply
                   with any routes or altitudes specifically prescribed for helicopters by the Administrator.

Reason for Exemption: The regulation requires minimum standoff distances to persons and objects (in
other than congested areas) of no less than 500 feet. Due to the altitude limitation of the sUAS (of 400 feet
maximum) as well as the intended mission of aerial imaging/photography/videography, it will be necessary
to operate closer than 500 feet to essential persons, structures, vehicles, and vessels. Therefore, an
exemption is requested.

Mitigation Basis: The applicant has no intentions to operate the sUAS over congested areas. However,
there is no clear definition as to what metrics constitute a congested area (as expressed in Exemption
11110). While "yellow" areas on sectional charts are a good means to alerting operators to potentially
congested areas, these alone only indicate the general area is populated and is not sufficient to prescribe
congestion (consistent with the findings of Exemption 11138), nor should they be used for such. The level
of congestion should seemingly be determined relative to the aircraft being operated in the candidate Area
of Operation. To ensure safety in the event of an emergency, the aircraft would ideally be afforded
sufficient space to land without collision due to the density of nearby persons or structures. Clearly, the
characteristic length scale (and, therefore, allowable density) for safe landing would vary substantially
between an aircraft requiring hundreds of feet to make an emergency landing versus a sUAS that requires
only several feet. The pilot in command will therefore use best judgment on whether a particular sUAS
Area of Operation, which is spatially limited, is congested before commencing any flight activities. Such a
judgment will take into consideration:

               The candidate Area of Operation will not be found acceptable if it includes an open air
                   assembly of persons

               The candidate Area of Operation will be judged based on the expected flight boundaries.
                   That is, a large open space in a heavily settled area would be judged based on the open
                   space and not the surrounding area if operations are to be limited to safely within the open
                   space.

               The candidate Area of Operation must provide sufficient free space away from persons and
                   structures to allow typical takeoff, landing, and flight without presenting an undue hazard
                   to nearby persons or structures.

Bernard Malouin Jr.                                85R Acton Road
Phone: (978) 467-4994  Westford, Massachusetts 01886
          Right Angle Photography, LLC
          Page 14 of 17

               The candidate Area of Operation must provide sufficient free space to allow emergency
                   landing procedures without presenting an undue hazard to nearby persons or structures.

               The candidate Area of Operation must allow the flight operations to adhere to the
                   minimum standoff distances that would otherwise be required of an area other than a
                   congested area.

If the Area of Operation is determined by the pilot in command to be congested, no flight operations shall
occur. If the Area of Operation is determined by the pilot in command to be other than a congested area,
the following limitations on flight operations will be imposed, based on the light weight of the sUAS (3 lbs)
and the findings of previous FAA analyses:

               Minimum standoff distances to non-participating persons is nominally 500 feet.
               If barriers or structures are present that can sufficiently protect non-participating persons

                   from the sUAS or debris in the event of an accident, then the sUAS may operate closer than
                   500 feet to non-participating persons afforded such protection.

                        o If a situation arises where non-participating persons leave such protection and are
                             within 500 feet of the sUAS, flight operations must cease as soon as is practicable
                             and in a manner to ensure the safety of the non-participating person as the primary
                             concern.

               Minimum standoff distances may be less than 500 feet to vessels, vehicles, and structures
                   when the owner/controller of any such vessel, vehicle, or structure grants permission and
                   the PIC makes a safety assessment of the risk of operating closer to those objects and
                   determines that it does not present an undue hazard.

               Minimum distance to clouds will be 500 feet below any clouds and 2000 feet horizontally
                   from any clouds to ensure the PIC and VO have VLOS with the sUAS throughout the flight.

It is noted that, currently, full-scale helicopters are permitted under §91.119(d) to operate in similar
missions with potentially less restrictive requirements. It is believed that the proposed limitations will
maintain the safety of the general public on the ground at levels that exceed current safety levels of
conventional helicopters performing similar missions.

Relief from §91.119(c) has previously been granted to similar petitions, for example Exemption 11138
(Douglas Trudeau) and Exemption 11110 (Trimble Navigation Ltd).

[5.4] REQUESTED EXEMPTION FROM 14 CFR §91.151(a)(1)

Text of Cited Regulation:
         (a) No person may begin a flight in an airplane under VFR conditions unless (considering wind and
         forecast weather conditions) there is enough fuel to fly to the first point of intended landing and,
         assuming normal cruising speed--
                   (1) During the day, to fly after that for at least 30 minutes

Bernard Malouin Jr.                                85R Acton Road
Phone: (978) 467-4994  Westford, Massachusetts 01886
          Right Angle Photography, LLC
          Page 15 of 17

Reason for Exemption: The sUAS in this petition does not carry any fuel and, therefore, this regulation is
not well-posed for this sUAS. The sUAS is battery powered with a total flight duration that is limited to
approximately 30 minutes. Therefore, requiring enough battery power to fly to the first destination plus an
additional 30 minutes is not feasible.

Mitigation Basis: The proposed operations of the sUAS are limited to a defined area, typically a single
property, with the property owner/controller's consent. Due to this, it is believed that not being able to fly
for an additional 30 minutes does not engender the types of risks that §91.151(a)(1) was intended to
alleviate given the sUAS is small, relatively low speed, and will not be flown over non-participating
structures. An equivalent level of safety can be achieved by limiting flights to 30 minutes or 30% remaining
battery power (manufacturer-recommended low battery limit), whichever occurs first. This is more than
adequate to return the sUAS to the intended landing area and execute a normal landing procedure.

Relief from §91.151(a)(1) has previously been granted to similar petitions, for example Exemption 11062
(Astraeus Aerial), Exemption 11138 (Douglas Trudeau), and Exemption 11110 (Trimble Navigation Ltd).

[5.5] PROPOSED MODIFICATION OF TYPICAL SECTION 333 EXEMPTION CONDITION - NOTAMS

Text of Cited Typical Exemption Condition:
The operator must obtain an Air Traffic Organization (ATO) issued Certificate of Waiver or Authorization
(COA) prior to conducting any operations under this grant of exemption. This COA will also require the
operator to request a Notice to Airman (NOTAM) not more than 72 hours in advance, but not less than 48
hours prior to the operation.

Feedback on Condition: Due to the nature of the assignments/missions, the starting day/time of the sUAS
operations in this petition may not always be known three days in advance, and it would not be unexpected
to be asked to support missions the next day (within 24 hours). Furthermore, weather conditions in the
Northeast are variable with meteorological forecasts often changing when made several days in advance. It
is therefore respectfully requested that the above typical exemption condition be modified to require the
operator to request a NOTAM not more than 72 hours in advance, but not less than 12 hours prior to the
operation.

Mitigation Basis: It is believed that this will not adversely affect national airspace safety as NOTAMs are
checked before flights and may be checked during flights. Allowing NOTAMs to be requested closer to the
actual flight operations (when weather conditions are more accurately predicted) will greatly increase the
fidelity of the NOTAM process and airman awareness by producing fewer false-alarms, and, as a
consequence, leading to greater vigilance to those receiving the NOTAM.

Bernard Malouin Jr.                                85R Acton Road
Phone: (978) 467-4994  Westford, Massachusetts 01886
          Right Angle Photography, LLC
          Page 16 of 17

[6] PUBLIC INTEREST

The proposed exemption under Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 is within the
public interest. This petition for imaging, photography, and videography of property would allow access to
aerial imaging to those who would previously have been excluded from the market by the cost of using a
larger, manned aircraft. The impact to the public is multifaceted, including greater access to aerial
capabilities, increased levels of safety over conventional manned systems to perform the same duty, and
reduced impact to nearby persons or ecological sites due to noise or burned hydrocarbon emissions.

One example is a homeowner who suspects possible roof damage, perhaps as a result of a recent storm. To
determine if damage has occurred, the homeowner may wish to inspect the roof before calling a carpenter
or repairperson. This may lead to an unprepared homeowner in peril on an icy or slippery roof. By
comparison, the sUAS can quickly be used to image the suspect area and those images can subsequently be
visually inspected by the homeowner, greatly reducing the risk to persons.

A second example pertains to a homeowner or Realtor who wishes to have an aerial view of a property for
advertising, marketing, or reasons of general interest. Traditional methods include the use of a helicopter,
posing additional risks due to the persons onboard the platforms, significant weight (several tons), carriage
of combustible Jet A fuel (over 100 gallons), and the relative lack of maneuverability/agility of such
platforms. This is all compounded by additional harmful impacts to nearby persons who are then exposed
to additional noise pollution. Typical decibel noise level for a Bell helicopter at 100 feet is approximately
100 dB. By contrast, the sUAS at less than 10 feet is approximately 80 dB, leading to a 4X reduction in noise
pollution, even when 10X closer.

[7] SUMMARY FOR PUBLICATION IN THE FEDERAL REGISTER, IF NEEDED

Pursuant to 14 CFR Part 11, the following summary is provided for publication in the Federal Register,
should it be determined that publication is needed:

         Applicant seeks an exemption from the following rules:

         14 CFR Part 21, Subpart H; 14 CFR §61.113(a); 14 CFR §91.7(a); 14 CFR §91.9(b)(2); 14 CFR §91.105;
         14 CFR §91.119(c); 14 CFR §91.121; 14 CFR §91.151(a)(1); 14 CFR §91.203(a)(1); 14 CFR §91.203(b);
         14 CFR §91.405(a); 14 CFR §91.407(a)(1); 14 CFR §91.409(a)(1); 14 CFR §91.409(a)(2); 14 CFR
         §91.417(a); 14 CFR §91.417(b) to operate a small, unmanned aircraft system (sUAS) weighing less
         than 3 lbs in commercial aerial imaging, photography, and videography operations.

[8] CONCLUDING REMARKS

It is believed that the criteria presented in this petition, including size, weight, operational parameters, pilot
qualifications and training, and Standard Operating Procedures, provide a very high level of safety, at or
above current levels, during the proposed sUAS use. This level of safety, the interest to the public, and the

Bernard Malouin Jr.                                85R Acton Road
Phone: (978) 467-4994  Westford, Massachusetts 01886
          Right Angle Photography, LLC
          Page 17 of 17

commission of the FAA to integrate sUAS into the national airspace provide more than adequate
justification for the grant of the requested exemptions allowing commercial operation of the applicant's
sUAS.

The attached Standard Operating Procedures, Pre-Flight Checklist, and Emergency Procedures have been
developed by efforts of Right Angle Photography, LLC. However, this material is permitted to be shared and
posted without specific protections to facilitate safe and thoughtful flight operations across the community.

The applicant is very passionate and active in the field of sUAS. Should any supplemental information be
helpful in the adjudication of this exemption petition, please do not hesitate to get in contact. Moreover, if
it provides any value now or in the future, the applicant would be pleased to offer feedback on the
exemption process or offer input (either procedural or technical) on future implementations to satisfy
Sections 332 or 334 of the FMRA. The applicant is actively engaged in teaching short courses to high school
students on the topic of sUAS and would be a willing advocate on awareness of proper protocols in
integrating sUAS into the national airspace as this field continues to emerge.

Respectfully submitted,

Bernard Malouin Jr, Ph.D.
Right Angle Photography, LLC
85R Acton Road
Westford, Massachusetts 01886

ENC:  Right Angle Photography sUAS Standard Operating Procedures
      Right Angle Photography sUAS Pre-Flight Checklist
      Right Angle Photography Emergency Procedures
      DJI Phantom 2 Vision + User Manual

Bernard Malouin Jr.                                                                           85R Acton Road
Phone: (978) 467-4994                                             Westford, Massachusetts 01886
          Right Angle Photography, LLC
          Page 1 of 2

                           Standard Operating Procedures

All commercial flights of the sUAS will be in accordance with these Standard Operating Procedures established by
Right Angle Photography, LLC. These Standard Operating Procedures are broken down into sections relating to
the sUAS platform and inspections, the pilot in command, flight environments, operational limits, and
maintenance.

The sUAS Platform and Inspections

     The sUAS platform shall be the DJI Phantom 2 Vision +, weighing less than 3 lbs
     The Phantom 2 Vision + platform and controller shall comply with FCC regulations
     The sUAS software and firmware shall be regularly updated with manufacturer's current versions
     The PIC shall perform a pre-flight inspection to ensure the sUAS is safe for flight
     The pre-flight checklist shall include at least the following:

              o Check of weather conditions and predictions
              o Check of aircraft (manned or unmanned) traffic in the area
              o Check of the area for potential obstacles (e.g., power lines, trees, birds, sun glare)
              o Check of battery levels and condition
              o Check of propellers and ground controller
     Any conditions that affect the safe operations of the sUAS shall be corrected before it returns to flight
     Only fully charged batteries shall be used for the start of the sUAS flight
     The pilot in command (PIC) or visual observer (VO) shall record the field altitude, in feet, before flight
     The sUAS User Manual shall be available to the PIC during flight
     The sUAS shall be appropriately stowed in a case, vehicle, or structure when not in use
     When not expected to be in operation in the near future (i.e., not on the way to, preparing for, or on the
         way back from a flight), the sUAS shall be stored with the battery removed

The Pilot in Command
     The PIC shall have a private pilot certificate and third class medical
     The PIC shall have a Visual Observer (VO) for any sUAS flight operations
     The PIC shall be identified before flight, and shall identify the VO and any other essential personnel
     The PIC shall be able to communicate verbally with the VO at all times during flight operations
     The PIC shall ensure that the VO is suitably trained to perform his/her necessary functions
     The PIC shall review an aeronautical chart or vfrmap.com to be familiar with area/airspaces
     The PIC shall have a minimum of 25 hours of total time as a UAS rotorcraft pilot including at least 10
         hours logged as a UAS pilot with a multi-rotor UAS, and 5 hours in the particular make and model
     The PIC shall have performed at least 3 takeoffs and landings with the sUAS within the past 90 days
     The PIC shall not operate the sUAS from any moving vehicle or device
     The PIC shall identify possible locations for an emergency landing before the flight

Bernard Malouin Jr.                                85R Acton Road
Phone: (978) 467-4994  Westford, Massachusetts 01886
          Right Angle Photography, LLC
          Page 2 of 2

Flight Environments
     The sUAS shall not be flown at night
     The sUAS shall not be flown in precipitation
     The sUAS shall not be flown when steady winds exceed 20 mph or gusts exceed 25 mph
     The sUAS shall not be flown when ambient temperature is less than 20°F, or greater than 95°F
     The sUAS shall not be flown when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC
     The sUAS shall not be flown at altitudes higher than 400 feet AGL
     The sUAS shall not be flown farther than 2,000 feet horizontally from the PIC
     The sUAS shall not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet horizontally from clouds
     The sUAS shall not operate within 5 miles of a Class B, C, or D airport without prior consent from ATC
     The sUAS shall not be operated over congested or densely populated areas
     The sUAS shall only be operated over private or controlled-access property with permission from the
         land owner, owner's authorized representative, or local official
     A fire extinguisher shall be available to the PIC in the event of an emergency

Operational Limits
     The PIC shall announce "CLEAR" before starting the propellers on the sUAS
     The sUAS shall only be flown within Visual Line-of-Sight (VLOS) of the PIC and the VO
     The sUAS shall not be operated at an indicated airspeed in excess of 30 mph
     Any single sUAS flight shall not exceed 30 minutes in duration
     Any single sUAS flight shall not exceed the point where the battery reaches 30% capacity remaining
     Minimum standoff distances to non-participating persons shall be no less than 500 feet unless protective
         barriers or structures are present to protect from the sUAS or debris
     Minimum standoff distances to non-participating vessels, vehicles, or structures shall be no less than 500
         feet unless the owner/controller grants permission and the PIC determines closer operation does not
         present an undue risk
     The sUAS flight shall be aborted in the event of a flight emergency or malfunction that may affect flight
     The sUAS shall remain clear of, and yield the right of way to, all manned aviation operations

Maintenance
     Maintenace on the sUAS shall be performed by the manufacturer or Bernard Malouin Jr
     Maintenance shall be recorded in the sUAS logbook, to include date, total flight hours, work that was
         completed, and a signature of the person who completed or inspected the work
     Maintenance or repair that affects the sUAS operation or flight characteristics shall undergo a functional
         test flight before being returned to service. The PIC of that test flight shall sign the logbook confirming
         successful flight test.

Bernard Malouin Jr.                                85R Acton Road
Phone: (978) 467-4994  Westford, Massachusetts 01886
  Right Angle Photography, LLC                                                             Location: _________________________
                                                                                                 Date: ________________, 20____
  Page 1 of 2

                                        Pre-Flight Inspection Checklist

AREA CHECKS

 Record Date and Time: S M Tu W Th F S ____________________, 20______ at _____________ AM/PM

 Check weather conditions (visually or via radar) to confirm that no adverse weather conditions are expected

 Record current weather conditions to best estimate:

             Rain in Area? YES or NO

             Current Temperature = ___________ F      (must be between 20°F and 95°F)

             Current Wind Conditions = ___________ mph (must not exceed 20 mph)

             Current Wind Gusts = ___________ mph     (must not exceed 25 mph)

             Current Visibility = ___________ miles   (must be 3 miles or greater)

 Confirm that no other sUAS are flying in vicinity that may yield signal interference

 Record class of airspace from sectional chart or vfrmap.com: Class_________ (no operations in Class B, C, or D w/out prior ATC consent)

 Note the proximity of nearest airport from sectional chart or vfrmap.com: ____________ miles

  Visually   survey  the flight  area,  note  any  obstructions that could  be  hazardous  during  floight:
                       Trees
                 o                                       o Low Clouds                                        Cell  Towers

             o Power Lines                         o Flags / Light Posts                           o High Voltage Lines
                                                                                                   o Wind Turbines
             o Birds                               o Sun Glare

             o Other:

 PIC evaluation of whether candidate Area of Operation constitutes a congested area, a densely populated area, or an area over an open
      air assembly of persons: YES or NO (operations cease if "yes")

 Identification of alternate or emergency landing spots:

sUAS CHECKS

       Ensure Photocopter is placed on a flat area for takeoff, with battery facing toward PIC
       Battery has been inspected for signs of damage or leakage and considered satisfactory for flight
       Check Photocopter battery level ­ do not use if less than 4 bars (88% charge). Number of bars = _______
       Verify that the flight battery is fully installed
       Place phone or tablet in Remote Control clamp or final location for flight
       Ensure transmit antenna is oriented toward the sky and not obstructed by phone, range extender, or other objects
       Remove gimbal clamp and lens cap from Photocopter
       Inspect the vibration dampers for cracks or splits
       Verify that the micro SD card has been properly installed into memory slot
       Inspect all four propellers to look for signs of damage (cracks, chips, etc.) that would jeopardize flight
       Visually check that the receiver antenna and compass are intact and not unusually loose

POWERING UP

       Ensure S1 and S2 switches are all the way up on the Remote Control
       Power on the Remote Control, after two beeps lights should be green to indicate transmitting with full power
       Turn on the Range Extender; green light indicates full power, do not use if yellow
       Power up the Photocopter
       While waiting on startup, scan the sky or check FlightRadar app for excessive or low flying aircraft in area
       Check gimbal for proper operation: Rotate Photocopter and ensure gimbal remains steady
       Check camera LED indicator ­ must be green (solid or blinking)

85R Acton Road                                                                                                     Phone: (978) 467-4994
Westford, Massachusetts 01886                                               Email: RightAnglePhotographyLLC@gmail.com
Right Angle Photography, LLC

Page 2 of 2

CALIBRATIONS

       Ensure that Photocopter is placed on level ground away from metal objects or power lines
       Quickly switch S1 from up-most position to down-most position and back to up-most position a total of 5-7 times. This enters into

            compass calibration mode. LED flight indicator light should turn solid yellow to indicate ready for calibration.
       Rotate Photocopter around the gravity vector 360 degrees for horizontal calibration. LED flight indicator light should then turn solid

            green to indicate ready for start of vertical calibration.
       Keeping the nose pointed along the gravity vector, rotate the Photocopter 360 degrees around the gravity vector. The nose should

            remain pointed downward during this entire process.
       LED flight indicator light should return to normal operation to indicate successful calibration

CONNECTING AND TELEMETRY

 On the iPhone or tablet, select Phantom_XXXX from the wifi network list to connect the diagnostic/video link

 Run the DJI Vision application on the iPhone and confirm a good link has been established (green indicator)

 Verify:

Wifi signal intensity = ___________ ( 3 bars)                       Flight battery level =_________________ ( 85%)

GPS satellite locks = ____________________                          Range extender battery = _____________ ( 50%)

Remaining Micro-SD images = ____________                            Remaining iPhone battery = ____________( 40%)

 Confirm altitude and flight info look correct on telemetry stream. Note starting altitude = ____________ feet

STARTING MOTORS

 Announce "CLEAR!" and make sure no one is within 5 ft of Photocopter before it is powered up

 Both sticks to lower inside corner to start the motors for flight

 Confirm all 4 props are spinning smoothly and at approximately the same rotational speed

 Is Photocopter deemed safe for flight by the PIC? YES or NO (operations cease if "no")

 Record color of flashing lights: Green (w/GPS) or Yellow (no GPS yet)

 If lights are flashing yellow (no GPS yet) then slowly bring Photocopter to tree height and hover to wait for GPS-lock (lights turning green).

If lights do not turn green, then return home. Did lights turn green at tree height? YES or NO

 GPS position set. If lights are flashing green then GPS home position can be set by quickly flipping S2 from top to bottom and back to top

and repeating for a total of 5-7 times. Rear LED indicators will blink green rapidly when successful.

o GPS Position set on startup          o GPS Position set here          o No GPS Position and aborted

END OF FLIGHT

       Land Photocopter and bring both sticks to lower inside corner to stop motors immediately after touchdown
       Turn off power to the Photocopter
       Place gimbal clamp back onto camera, and lens cover on camera lens
       Turn off power to remote control and range extender
       Record time that motors were turned off on copter: ________________
       Record maximum height during flight: ______________ feet
       Secure the Photocopter in a case, vehicle, or structure

Pilot in Command: ___________________                                   Visual Observer: ___________________
          Right Angle Photography, LLC
          Page 1 of 1

                                  Emergency Procedures

These procedures are to provide quick-reference guidelines in the event of an in-flight emergency during sUAS
operations. The PIC and VO should become familiar with these procedures before flight operations begin. These
guidelines provide suggestions only. In an actual flight emergency, the PIC should determine the best course of
action with the highest priority being the safety of other aircraft and persons on the ground, followed by the
safety of vehicles, vessels, and structures on the ground.

To minimize likelihood of flight emergencies:

     Standard Operating Procedures should be followed at all times
     A Pre-flight checklist should be completed before every flight
     The PIC should survey the proposed flight area, note obstacles, and identify possible landing areas
     The PIC should refrain from conversation or dialogue that may distract him/her from flight operations

In the event of an emergency, immediately land the sUAS at the nearest ground location that does not create
additional undue hazard.

Suggested actions for various Flight Emergencies:
    Wind Gusts into Trees: Increase altitude to clear the trees (remain < 400 AGL), then maneuver away from
        obstacles and land the sUAS in an open area if wind gusts make control of the sUAS difficult.
    Loss of Communications Link: The sUAS will hover in place and automatically initiate the Return to Home
        sequence to return to original takeoff location.
              o Once back in range, the Return to Home sequence can be interrupted to regain control by
                   flipping S1 from Position 1 to Position 3
    Loss of VLOS to sUAS: Release control sticks to hover in place if VLOS is maintained by VO or can be re-
        established quickly. If VLOS is not expected to be re-established quickly, turn the Remote Controller off to
        initiate the automatic Return to Home sequence on the sUAS.
    Critically Low Battery: The sUAS will initiate the Return to Home sequence automatically and return to
        the home position and descend.
              o The throttle stick will remain active during this phase to allow descent control or to avoid new
                   obstacles that were not previously present
    Sudden Low Ceiling or Precipitation: Land the sUAS at the nearest ground location that doesn't present
        undue hazard
    Battery Fire: Stand back from flames. Allow the battery to burn out, battery will only burn for a few
        minutes and then go out. Use a fire extinguisher to extinguish any fire that spreads to nearby terrain,
        vegetation, or structure.

Bernard Malouin Jr.                                85R Acton Road
Phone: (978) 467-4994  Westford, Massachusetts 01886
PHANTOM 2 VISION+
      User Manual
                     Phantom 2 Vision+ User Manual V1.1.1
                                    April 04, 2014

Congratulations on purchasing your new DJI product. Please read this manual carefully before using this product.

We recommend checking the Phantom 2 Vision+ page at www.dji.com for news and updates on everything

from product specs to manual updates. Due to ongoing development, information contained in this manual may
change without notice.
If you have any questions or concerns about your product, please contact your DJI authorized dealer or DJI
Customer Service.

©2014 DJI. All Rights Reserved.
Using this manual

Key

               Warning
               Important
               Hints and Tips
               References or Definitions

Important

Except when specifically stated, all descriptions in this manual are for Phantom mode, not Naza-M mode.

Before Flight

The following tutorials and manuals have been produced to ensure you to make full use of your Phantom 2 Vision+.
(1) Disclaimer
(2) Phantom 2 Vision+ Quick Start Guide
(3) Phantom 2 Vision+ User Manual
(4) Phantom Pilot Training Guide
Watching all the tutorial videos and reading the Disclaimer before flight is recommended. Afterwards, prepare your
first flight using the Phantom 2 Vision+ Quick Start Guide. Improve your flying skills in subsequent flights using the
Phantom Pilot Training Guide. Refer to this manual for more comprehensive information. Experienced users,
particularly those with DJI Phantom 2 Vision experience should skip to the Phantom 2 Vision+ Quick Start Guide to
begin preparing for flight.

Tutorials

Watch the quick start tutorial videos below to ensure a safe first flight.

Web link.                        http://www.dji.com/phantom2visionplus/training

QR code.                                  Preparing for flight.

Downloading the DJI VISION App

Download and install the DJI VISION App before use. Choose from one of the download methods below.

Download from the App iOS                 Search "DJI VISION" on the App Store then follow instructions.

Store or Google Play.            Android  Search "DJI VISION" on Google Play then follow instructions.

Scan QR code.                             Scan QR code then follow instructions.

©2014 DJI. All Rights Reserved.
Contents

USING THIS MANUAL ..........................................................................................................................................................................3
   KEY ........................................................................................................................................................................................................................ 3
   IMPORTANT.......................................................................................................................................................................................................... 3
   BEFORE FLIGHT .................................................................................................................................................................................................. 3
   TUTORIALS ........................................................................................................................................................................................................... 3
   DOWNLOADING THE DJI VISION APP......................................................................................................................................................... 3

CONTENTS............................................................................................................................................................................................. 4
OVERVIEW..............................................................................................................................................................................................7
1 IN THE BOX ..........................................................................................................................................................................................7
2 INTRODUCTION ................................................................................................................................................................................9
ASSEMBLY AND USE..........................................................................................................................................................................10
1 REMOVING GIMBAL CLAMP........................................................................................................................................................10
2 PREPARING THE BATTERY ..........................................................................................................................................................10

   2.1 DJI SMART FLIGHT BATTERY ................................................................................................................................................................... 10
   2.2 USAGES..........................................................................................................................................................................................................11

     Powering on/off..........................................................................................................................................................................................11
     Checking the battery level......................................................................................................................................................................11
     Battery life....................................................................................................................................................................................................12
   2.3 CHARGING THE FLIGHT BATTERY ...........................................................................................................................................................13
   2.4 BATTERY INSTALLATION ...........................................................................................................................................................................13
   2.5 CORRECT BATTERY USAGE NOTES........................................................................................................................................................14
3 PREPARING THE PHANTOM 2 VISION+................................................................................................................................... 15
   3.1 INTRODUCTION............................................................................................................................................................................................15
   3.2 BUILT-IN FLIGHT CONTROL SYSTEM ......................................................................................................................................................15
     FC Assistant Port ......................................................................................................................................................................................16
   3.3 LED FLIGHT INDICATOR DESCRIPTIONS ...............................................................................................................................................16
   3.4 3-AXIAL STABILIZED GIMBAL ...................................................................................................................................................................17
     Anti-drop Kit................................................................................................................................................................................................17
     Micro-SD Slot..............................................................................................................................................................................................18
     Gimbal Error Warning .............................................................................................................................................................................18
   3.5 CAMERA.......................................................................................................................................................................................................19
     Lens cap removal.......................................................................................................................................................................................19
     Camera Function Buttons .................................................................................................................................................................... 20
     Camera Data Port ................................................................................................................................................................................... 20
     Camera LED Indicator........................................................................................................................................................................... 20
4 ATTACHING THE PROPELLERS ................................................................................................................................................. 21
   4.1 INTRODUCTION............................................................................................................................................................................................21
   4.2 ASSEMBLY....................................................................................................................................................................................................21
   4.3 REMOVING THE PROPELLERS ..................................................................................................................................................................21
   4.4 NOTES.........................................................................................................................................................................................................22
5 PREPARING THE REMOTE CONTROLLER ............................................................................................................................ 23
   5.1 THE REMOTE CONTROLLER.....................................................................................................................................................................23
   5.2 POWER ON THE REMOTE CONTROLLER ..............................................................................................................................................23
   5.3 REMOTE CONTROLLER POWER LED STATUS INFORMATION .........................................................................................................24
   5.4 ANTENNA ORIENTATION .........................................................................................................................................................................24
   5.5 REMOTE CONTROLLER OPERATION.....................................................................................................................................................25
   5.6 LINKING THE REMOTE CONTROLLER AND RECEIVER........................................................................................................................26
     Linking Procedures..................................................................................................................................................................................27
     Link Indicator .............................................................................................................................................................................................27
   5.7 COMPLIANCE VERSION CONFIGURATION...........................................................................................................................................27
6 PREPARING THE RANGE EXTENDER...................................................................................................................................... 29
   6.1 INTRODUCTION...........................................................................................................................................................................................29
     SYSTEM Indicator ....................................................................................................................................................................................29

©2014 DJI. All Rights Reserved.
     POWER Indicator.....................................................................................................................................................................................29
     Binding Reset Button..............................................................................................................................................................................29
   6.2 USE.............................................................................................................................................................................................................. 30
     Charging the Range Extender............................................................................................................................................................ 30
     Powering on the Range Extender ..................................................................................................................................................... 30
     Checking the Battery Level................................................................................................................................................................. 30
   6.3 RENAMING THE RANGE EXTENDER SSID............................................................................................................................................ 30
   6.4 BINDING THE PHANTOM 2 VISION+ AND RANGE EXTENDER ............................................................................................................31
7 DOWNLOADING AND INSTALLING THE DJI VISION APP............................................................................................... 33
   7.1 DOWNLOAD AND INSTALL........................................................................................................................................................................33
   7.2 REGISTER AND LOGIN...............................................................................................................................................................................33
     [1] Register ..................................................................................................................................................................................................33
     [2] Login.......................................................................................................................................................................................................34
     [3] Usage tips.............................................................................................................................................................................................34
8 CONNECTING THE CAMERA .................................................................................................................................................... 35
   8.1 CONNECTING PROCEDURES....................................................................................................................................................................35
     Wi-Fi Connection Indicator Description..........................................................................................................................................36
FLIGHT................................................................................................................................................................................................... 37
     Flight Environment Requirements .....................................................................................................................................................37
     Preflight Checklist ...................................................................................................................................................................................37
1 CALIBRATING THE COMPASS.................................................................................................................................................... 38
   1.1 CALIBRATION PROCEDURES .....................................................................................................................................................................38
   1.2 WHEN TO RECALIBRATE ...........................................................................................................................................................................38
2 STARTING/STOPPING THE MOTORS ..................................................................................................................................... 39
   2.1 STARTING MOTORS....................................................................................................................................................................................39
   2.2 STOPPING MOTORS..................................................................................................................................................................................39
3 FLIGHT TEST ....................................................................................................................................................................................40
   3.1 TAKE OFF/LANDING PROCEDURES ....................................................................................................................................................... 40
   3.2 VIDEO SUGGESTIONS AND TIPS ............................................................................................................................................................ 40
4 FAILSAFE FUNCTION .................................................................................................................................................................... 41
   4.1 WHEN WILL FAILSAFE ACTIVATE?...........................................................................................................................................................41
   4.2 FAILSAFE PROCEDURE ..............................................................................................................................................................................41
     Failsafe on the DJI VISION App.........................................................................................................................................................42
   4.3 REGAINING CONTROL DURING FAILSAFE PROCEDURES..................................................................................................................42
5 LOW BATTERY LEVEL WARNING FUNCTION..................................................................................................................... 43
     Low Battery Level Warning on the DJI VISION App .................................................................................................................43
6 FLIGHT LIMITS.................................................................................................................................................................................44
   6.1 MAX HEIGHT & RADIUS LIMITS............................................................................................................................................................... 44
   6.2 FLIGHT LIMITS OF SPECIAL AREAS ........................................................................................................................................................45
   6.3 CONDITIONS OF FLIGHT LIMITS............................................................................................................................................................ 46
   6.4 DISCLAIMER................................................................................................................................................................................................47
DJI VISION APP USAGE ................................................................................................................................................................... 48
1 DJI VISION APP MAIN MENU ...................................................................................................................................................... 48
2 CAMERA PAGE................................................................................................................................................................................ 49
   [1] RETURN ........................................................................................................................................................................................................ 49
   [2] CAMERA PITCH CONTROL...................................................................................................................................................................... 49
     Normal Mode ............................................................................................................................................................................................ 49
     Accelerometer Sensor Mode.............................................................................................................................................................. 50
   [3] FLIGHT ATTITUDE AND RADAR FUNCTION .......................................................................................................................................... 50
   [4] FLIGHT PARAMETERS .................................................................................................................................................................................51
   [5] WI-FI SIGNAL INTENSITY...........................................................................................................................................................................51
   [6] FLIGHT BATTERY LEVEL.............................................................................................................................................................................51
   [7] AIRCRAFT GPS STATUS............................................................................................................................................................................52
   [8] MICRO-SD CARD STATUS........................................................................................................................................................................52
   [9] RANGE EXTENDER BATTERY LEVEL .......................................................................................................................................................52

©2014 DJI. All Rights Reserved.
   [10] REMAINING SHOTS ..................................................................................................................................................................................52
   [11] SHUTTER BUTTON .....................................................................................................................................................................................52
   [12] VIDEO RECORDING BUTTON .................................................................................................................................................................52
   [13] CAMERA SETTINGS...................................................................................................................................................................................53
   [14] HIDE OR SHOW FLIGHT PARAMETERS. ................................................................................................................................................53
3 CAMERA SETTINGS....................................................................................................................................................................... 54
   [1] CAPTURE MODE..........................................................................................................................................................................................54
   [2] PHOTO SIZE ................................................................................................................................................................................................54
   [3] VIDEO RESOLUTION ..................................................................................................................................................................................54
   [4] PHOTO FORMAT ........................................................................................................................................................................................55
   [5] SELECTABLE ISO .......................................................................................................................................................................................55
   [6] WHITE BALANCE........................................................................................................................................................................................55
   [7] EXPOSURE METERING...............................................................................................................................................................................55
   [8] EXPOSURE COMPENSATION....................................................................................................................................................................55
   [9] SHARPNESS..................................................................................................................................................................................................56
   [10] ANTI-FLICKER............................................................................................................................................................................................56
   [11] RESTORE DEFAULT SETTINGS .................................................................................................................................................................56
   [12] FORMAT MICRO-SD CARD ....................................................................................................................................................................56
4 ALBUM PAGE................................................................................................................................................................................... 57
   4.1 SD CARD ALBUM .......................................................................................................................................................................................57
   4.2 MOBILE DEVICE ALBUM ..........................................................................................................................................................................59
5 NEWS PAGE ...................................................................................................................................................................................... 61
6 SETTINGS PAGE.............................................................................................................................................................................. 62
   [1] TOOLBAR AUTO HIDE ................................................................................................................................................................................62
   [2] WHEN CONNECTION LOST .....................................................................................................................................................................62
   [3] CAMERA SETTINGS DISPLAY....................................................................................................................................................................63
   [4] PREVIEW QUALITY.....................................................................................................................................................................................63
   [5] PARAMETER UNIT...................................................................................................................................................................................... 64
   [6] FPV MODE ................................................................................................................................................................................................ 64
   [7] AUTO FLIPS ................................................................................................................................................................................................ 64
   [8] BATTERY LOW WARNING ....................................................................................................................................................................... 64
   [9] TUTORIAL.................................................................................................................................................................................................... 64
   [10] CLEAR NEWS CACHE ............................................................................................................................................................................ 64
   [11] BINDING...................................................................................................................................................................................................... 64
   [12] RENAME SSID OF RANGE EXTENDER ................................................................................................................................................. 64
   [13] FIND MY PHANTOM 2 VISION.........................................................................................................................................................65
   [14] ACCOUNT ..................................................................................................................................................................................................65
   [15] RATE............................................................................................................................................................................................................65
   [16] ABOUT ........................................................................................................................................................................................................65
ASSISTANT SOFTWARE................................................................................................................................................................... 66
1 INSTALLING DRIVER AND PHANTOM 2 VISION+ ASSISTANT SOFTWARE................................................................. 66
   1.1 INSTALLING AND RUNNING ON WINDOWS ............................................................................................................................................66
   1.2 INSTALLING AND RUNNING ON MAC OS X ..........................................................................................................................................66
2 USING ASSISTANT SOFTWARE ................................................................................................................................................. 68
   2.1 USING THE PHANTOM 2 VISION+ ASSISTANT SOFTWARE..................................................................................................................68
   2.2 FIRMWARE UPGRADE OF THE PHANTOM 2 VISION+..........................................................................................................................69
   2.3 USING THE PHANTOM RC ASSISTANT SOFTWARE.........................................................................................................................69
APPENDIX.............................................................................................................................................................................................. 71
1 REAR LED FLIGHT INDICATOR STATUS................................................................................................................................... 71
2 SPECIFICATIONS............................................................................................................................................................................ 72
3 TROUBLESHOOTING (FAQ) ....................................................................................................................................................... 73

©2014 DJI. All Rights Reserved.
Overview

The Phantom 2 Vision+ is the next evolution of the Phantom 2 Vision. It features the same App enabled First
Person View (FPV), high performance camera, remote camera control and in-flight content sharing, but adds to it a
high performance 3- axial camera stabilization system. It is ideal for aerial creativity whether photo or video.

             FPV: First Person View, see the world from the perspective of the craft and feel a true flying experience.

1 In the Box

Check that all of the following items have been included in your package before use. If anything is missing, please

contact your local dealer.

NO. Name                         Picture  Qty. Remarks

1 Aircraft                                1 Integrated gimbal and camera

   2 Propeller Pairs                      4 4 with black nut, 4 with grey
                                          1 Inserted in aircraft Micro-SD slot
   3 Micro-SD Card                        1 Fixed to camera lens
   4 Lens Cap                             1 Attached to the gimbal
   5 Gimbal Clamp                         1 In maintenance packet

               Propeller                          Includes attached Phone Holder
   6 Detaching                            1

                Wrench                            and Range Extender

                Remote                    4 For Remote Controller
   7

              Controller

   8 AA Batteries

©2014 DJI. All Rights Reserved.
           DJI Smart Flight      1 Inside aircraft
   9
                                 1 110-240V Adaptive
                Battery
  10 Charger                     1 GB & CE
   11 Power Cables
  12 Plug Set                    1 SAA & BS
  13 Micro-USB Cable                     For Wi-Fi extender charging and
  14 Manuals
  15 Stickers                    1
  16 Spare Dampers                       firmware upgrade
  17 Anti-drop Kit                       Including: Disclaimer, Phantom
  18 Spare Screws                        Pilot Training Guide, Phantom 2
  19 Damper Packet
                                 4
©2014 DJI. All Rights Reserved.          Vision+ Quick Start Guide, User
                                         Manual

                                 1 2 Colors: Pink, Blue
                                 4 In maintenance packet
                                 2 In maintenance packet

                                         In maintenance packet
                                 11

                                         M3X5(6pcs); M3X8(5pcs)
                                 4 In maintenance packet
2 Introduction

The Phantom 2 Vision+ package includes: Phantom, Camera, Gimbal, Propulsion System, Flight Control System,
Remote Controller and Wi-Fi Communication System. 5.8 GHz Remote Control Receiver, Flight Control System and

2.4 GHz Wi-Fi Module are inside the Phantom.

Remote Controller                                     Motor                                                  Propeller
·5.8GHz                                               Aircraft
·2 sticks, 7channels             Mobile Device,
                                 with DJI VISION App

                                 Phone Holder                                                                Camera

                                                      Gimbal

                                 Range Extender       Outside                     Inside
                                 Remote Controller    ·3-axial Stabilized Gimbal  ·Flight Control System
                                                      ·Camera                     ·2.4GHz Wi-Fi Module
                                                      ·Motors and Props           ·5.8GHz Receiver
                                                                                  ·Electronic Speed Controls (ESCs)

                                                         Working Modes
                                                         ·Phantom - Ready to Fly and Ready to Fly (non-GPS)
                                                         ·Naza-M - GPS, ATTI., Manual and Failsafe

                                                      Figure 1

Choose between Phantom and Naza-M working modes using Phantom 2 Vision+ Assistant Software. If
using Naza-M mode, please refer to the NAZA-M V2 Quick Start Manual for related instructions.

Phantom: Flight settings will be elected automatically depending on whether 6 or more satellites have
been found. This mode allows users to configure the Remote Controller and gain values, and use Failsafe
and battery level warnings.
Naza-M: Flight settings will be identical to the Naza-M V2. Users can choose between GPS, Attitude, or
Manual mode. They can also access advanced settings including Intelligent Orientation Control (IOC).
Rear LED Flight Indicators will display the flight status according to the Naza-M indicator.
Ready to Fly: When 6 or more GPS satellites have been found, the Flight Control System will lock its

home point and Rear LED Flight Indicators will blink a slow green (               ). This mode is ideal for

beginners.

Ready to Fly (non-GPS): When less than 6 GPS satellites have been found, the Flight Control System will

stabilize itself less than in full Ready to Fly mode and will require more skilled flying. Rear LED Flight

Indicators will blink a slow yellow (                 ).

©2014 DJI. All Rights Reserved.
Assembly and Use

Follow the below instructions to prepare for flight.

1 Removing Gimbal Clamp

Pull gimbal clamp in the direction indicated to remove.

                                                                  Figure 2

To avoid damage to the gimbal, remove Gimbal Clamp before powering up the Phantom.
Attach the Gimbal Clamp during transportation or long term storage to avoid damage

2 Preparing the Battery

Ensure all related devices are fully charged before flying the Phantom 2 Vision+.

Device                           Power supply

Remote Controller                4 AA batteries.

Range Extender                   Charge fully through Micro-USB port. See Charging the Range Extender (Page 30)
                                 for details.

Aircraft (including              DJI Smart Flight Battery.
gimbal and camera)

Mobile Device                    Charge fully before using the DJI VISION App.

2.1 DJI Smart Flight Battery

This battery has been specially designed for the Phantom 2 series. It has a battery capacity of 5200mAh, voltage of
11.1V and charge-discharge management functionality. It can only be charged with a DJI charger or Phantom 2 Car
Charger.

        Smart Flight Battery                                                    Charger

                     Figure 3                                                      Figure 4

DJI Smart Flight Battery Functions

(1) Balance Charging                Automatically balances the voltage of each battery cell during charging.

©2014 DJI. All Rights Reserved.
(2) Capacity Display                     Displays current battery levels.
(3) Communication                        Communicates with main controller about battery voltage, capacity,
                                          current and other relevant information.
(4) Overcharge Protection                Charging stops automatically when battery voltage reaches 12.8V to
                                         prevent overcharge damage.
(5) Over Discharge Protection            Discharging stops automatically when battery voltage reaches 8.4V to
(6) Short Circuit Protection             prevent over discharge damage.
(7) Sleep Protection                     Automatically cuts power supply when a short circuit is detected.
(8) Charging Temperature                 Sleep mode is entered after 10 minutes of inactivity to save power.
                                         The battery will charge only when the temperature is between 0
        Detection                        (32°F) and 40 (104°F).

Battery Specifications                              LiPo
Type                                                11.1V, 5200mAh
Capacity                                            0°C~40°C
Charging Environment Temperature                    -20°C~50°C
Discharging Environment Temperature                 80%
Charging/Discharging Environment Relative Humidity

Please read the user manual, disclaimer, and battery warnings before use. Users take full responsibility
for all operations and usage.

2.2 Usages

                                   LED2             LED3
                                   LED1             LED4

            Battery Level Indicators                Circular Power Button
                                                    ( Built-in Power Light)

                                                                               Figure 5

Powering on/off
Powering on: Press Circular Power Button once, then press again and hold for 2 seconds to power on. Power Light
will go red and Battery Level Indicators will show the current battery level.
Powering off: Press Circular Power Button once, then press again and hold for 2 seconds to turn off. Battery Level
Indicators will all go out.

Checking the battery level
When the battery is powered off, press the Circular Power Button once. Battery Level Indicators will light up to

©2014 DJI. All Rights Reserved.
show battery level. See below for details.
          Battery Level Indicators will show the current battery level during charging and discharging. The
          indicators are defined below.

              : LED is on        : LED blinks : LED is off

              Discharging process                           Current battery level
              LED1 LED2 LED3 LED4                                87.5%~100%
                                                                 75%~87.5%
                                                                 62.5%~75%
                                                                 50%~62.5%
                                                                 37.5%~50%
                                                                 25%~37.5%
                                                                  12.5%~25%
                                                                  0%~12.5%
                                                                      <0%

Battery life

When the battery is powered off, press and hold the Circular Power Button for 5 seconds to check battery life.

Battery Level Indicators will show light up and the Battery Power Indicators will blink for 10 seconds. All lights will

then turn off. For details, please see below.

              Battery life

              LED1 LED2 LED3 LED4                           Current battery life

                                                            90%~100%

                                                            80%~90%

                                                            70%~80%

                                                            60%~70%

                                                            50%~60%

                                                            40%~50%

                                                            30%~40%

                                                            20%~30%

                                                            Less than 20%

When batter life reaches 0, it is no longer operational.
More battery information is available in the battery tab of the Phantom 2 Vision+ Assistant.

©2014 DJI. All Rights Reserved.
2.3 Charging the Flight Battery

  1. Connect charger to wall socket (100-240V, 50/60Hz, using the plug set if necessary).
  2. Connect battery to charger. If the current capacity of the battery is over 75%, you should turn it on

          before beginning to charge.
  3. Battery Level Indicators will display current capacity level as the battery charges.
  4. Battery is fully charged when Battery Level indicator lights are off. Disconnect the charger and battery

          when charging is complete.

                                                                                                                                                   Socket

                                                                               Figure 6

                            Charging process
                            LED1 LED2 LED3 LED4 Current battery level

                                                                         0%~25%
                                                                         25%~50%
                                                                         50%~75%
                                                                         75%~100%
                                                                         Fully charged
          The Smart Flight Battery can be charged using an optional Phantom 2 Car Charger. This can charge the
          battery in-car or through 3S-6S Li-Po batteries. Contact your authorized dealer or DJI customer service
          for details.
          (1) Battery should only be charged with the charger provided by DJI. DJI does not take any
                   responsibility for damage caused by third party chargers.
          (2) If current battery level is over 75%, the battery should be turned on before charging.

2.4 Battery Installation

Push battery into battery compartment according to the below diagram. When you hear a click, the battery has
been properly installed.

©2014 DJI. All Rights Reserved.
                                                                               Figure 7

              An incorrectly installed battery may cause (1) Bad contact, (2) unavailable battery information, (3)
              unsafe flight, (4) inability to take off.

2.5 Correct Battery Usage Notes

  1. When the battery is turned on, do not connect it to or disconnect it from the Phantom.
  2. Charge and discharge the battery completely once every 20 charge/discharge cycles. Discharge the

          battery until there is less than 8% power or until it can no longer be turned on, then recharge it to
          maximum capacity. This power cycling procedure will optimize the battery.
  3. For long term storage, place the battery with only a 40~50% charge in a strong battery box. Discharge
          and charge the battery once every 3 months to keep it in good condition. Charge amount should be
          varied in these maintenance charges - (40%~50%)--0%--100%--(40%~50%).
  4. Purchase a new battery after your current battery has been discharged over 300 times. Completely
          discharge a battery prior to disposal. Please dispose of batteries properly.
  5. Purchase a new battery if your current battery swells up or is damaged in any way.
  6. Never recharge or fly with a battery that is swollen or damaged in any way.
  7. Never charge batteries unattended. Always charge batteries on a non-flammable surface such as
          concrete and never near any flammable materials.
  8. Safety is extremely important. For more information, please see the Disclaimer.

          Discharging methods:
          1) Slow
          Place battery in Phantom and turn on. Leave on until there is less than 8% of power left or until the
          battery can no longer be turned on. See DJI VISION App for battery levels. Motors do not need to be
          turned on, reducing wear.
          2) Quick
          Fly the Phantom outdoors until there is less than 8% of power left or until the battery can no longer be
          turned on.

©2014 DJI. All Rights Reserved.
3 Preparing the Phantom 2 Vision+

The Phantom 2 Vision+ is a quadrotor with a built-in Flight Control System with integrated gimbal and camera. It
features an FC Assistant Port, Camera Data Port and a specialized battery compartment for its flight battery. All
these features make the Phantom 2 Vision+ easy to assemble and configure.

3.1 Introduction                                                    [1] Propeller
                                                       [9] [2] Motor
[1]                                                    [10] [3] Front Sticker
[2]                                                    [11]
[3]
[4]                                                                 [4] Front LED
[5]                                                                 [5] FC Assistant Port (Micro-USB port)
[6]                                                                 [6] Vibration Absorber
[7]                                                                 [7] Camera LED Indicator
[8]                                                                 [8] Camera Function Button
                                                       [16] [9] Anti-drop Kit
                                       Figure 8                    [10] 3-axial Stabilized Gimbal
                                                       [17] [11] Camera Lens
[12]                                                               [12] Rear LED Flight Indicator
[13]                                                               [13] DJI Smart Flight Battery
[14]                                                               [14] Receiver Antenna
[15]                                                               [15] Landing Gear
                                                       [18] [16] Camera Data Port(Micro-USB port)
                                       Figure 9                     [17] Compass
                                                                    [18] Micro-SD Slot

                 Figure 10

3.2 Built-in Flight Control System

The Phantom 2 Vision+ is equipped with a DJI Naza-M V2 Flight Control System. This provides incredible ease of

use and stability. Pilots can control the Phantom's movements in many directions, including pitch (forwards and

backwards), roll (left and right), elevator (up and down) and yaw (turn left or right). The flight control system also

can provide IOC, Failsafe and battery level warnings.

Modules          Functions

Main Controller  Acts as the brains of the complete flight control system, responsible for connecting
                 and controlling all the modules together.

©2014 DJI. All Rights Reserved.
IMU                    Has a built-in inertial sensor and a barometric altimeter that measures both attitude
                       and altitude.
GPS & Compass          The compass reads geomagnetic information and assists the GPS (Global Position
LED Flight Indicators  System) to accurately calculate the position and height of the aircraft.
                       Indicates the status of flight control system.

FC Assistant Port
The flight control system communicates with the PC Assistant Software through a Micro-USB cable between the
Phantom FC Assistant Port and the PC. Users can use Assistant Software to configure the aircraft and upgrade the
Phantom firmware. Please refer to Using the Phantom 2 Vision+ Assistant Software (Page 68) for details.

3.3 LED Flight Indicator Descriptions

LED flight indicators are found at the front and the rear of the Phantom. Front LEDs are for indicating where the
nose of the aircraft is. They light up solid red after motors have started spinning. Rear LED Flight Indicators light up
to show the aircraft's current flight status once the flight battery is powered on. For details, please see the below
table.

                                                  Front LEDs      Rear LED
                                                              Flight Indicators

                                       Figure 11        Normal                   Figure 12

Rear LED Flight Indicators                                                       Notes

turn)  (Red, Green, Yellow flashing in Power On Self-Test

                      (Green, Yellow flashing in turn)  Warming Up               Aircraft cannot take off.
                      (Slow Green flashing)             Ready to Fly             More than 6 GPS satellites found.
                      (Slow Yellow flashing)            Ready to Fly (non-GPS)   Less than 6 GPS satellites found.
Rear LED Flight Indicators                              Abnormal                 Notes

       (Quick Yellow flashing)                          Remote Controller Signal Refer to Failsafe Function (Page41)
                                                        Lost for details.

       (Slow Red flashing)                              Low Battery Level        DJI VISION App will also show
                                                        Warning                  warning message.

                                                        Critical Low Battery Level DJI VISION App will show warning

       (Quick Red flashing)                             Warning                  message.

                                                        Not Stationary or Sensor Keep aircraft stationary or perform

       (Three Red flashing off and on)                  Bias is too big          IMU calibration.

©2014 DJI. All Rights Reserved.
(Solid red)                      Error*                          Cannot fly.
(Red, Yellow flashing in turn)   Compass Needs                   Refer to Calibrating the Compass
                                 Calibration                     (Page38) to get details.

If a solid red                   LED indicator appears, connect to the Phantom 2 Vision+ Assistant

Software for details and resolution. This may be caused by:

1) IMU calibration required: Recalibrate IMU using Assistant Software.

2) IMU is abnormal: Repair required.

3) Compass is abnormal: Repair required.

4) Remote controller mid-point is set abnormally: Refer to How to solve large margin(s)

mid-point error (Page 73).

3.4 3-axial Stabilized Gimbal

The 3-axial stabilized gimbal of the Phantom 2 Vision+ will power on and self-check each time the flight battery is
installed and powered on. Its pitch can be controlled using the DJI VISION App. This gimbal has two working modes,
video mode and FPV mode, with the video mode set as default. This can be configured inside Phantom 2 Vision+
Assistant Software or the DJI VISION App.

                                                             0°

Gimbal specifications                               -90°
Control accuracy                          Figure 13
Controllable range
Maximum angular velocity         ±0.03°
                                 Pitch : -90°~0°
                                 Pitch : 90°/s

Video Mode: the gimbal will stabilize across 3-axial for smooth aerial creativity.
FPV Mode (First Person View Mode): Gimbal will lock to the movements of the Phantom for a true FPV
experience.

Anti-drop Kit
The Anti-drop Kit helps keep the gimbal and camera connected to the aircraft. Two have been mounted on delivery.
If new ones are required, take the gimbal and press part  through the center hole of the Vibration Absorber the
center hole of part . Lock them together as shown in . Mounting the Anti-drop Kit diagonally is recommended.

©2014 DJI. All Rights Reserved.
                                        

                                        

                                                                              Figure 14

          Once part  and part  are connected, the Anti-drop Kit cannot be disconnected and reused.
Micro-SD Slot
With flight battery powered off, make sure the Micro-SD card is inserted correctly into the Micro-SD Slot before
taking any photos or recording any video.

                                                                              Figure 15

The Phantom 2 Vision+ comes with a 4GB Micro-SD card and can support cards up to 32GB. The DJI VISION App
may not be able to read some Micro-SD cards. Using the DJI VISION App to reformat new Micro-SD cards is
recommended.
Refer to Format Micro-SD Card (Page 56) for details.

          Do not insert or remove Micro-SD card when flight battery is powered on.
Gimbal Error Warning
Before the aircraft takes off, if a gimbal motor error is detected or the gimbal clamp is not removed, there will be a
warning prompt on the camera page of the DJI VISION App. This will disappear after the problem is resolved.

©2014 DJI. All Rights Reserved.
        Figure 16                                           Figure 17

(1) Remove Gimbal Clamp before powering on flight battery.

(2) Gimbal motor error may occur in these situations: (1) Gimbal is placed on uneven ground. (2)

Gimbal has received an excessive external force, e.g. a collision.

Please take off from flat, open ground and protect the gimbal after powering up.

Flying in heavy fog or cloud may make the gimbal wet, leading to a temporary failure. The

gimbal will recover when it dries out.

3.5 Camera

The Phantom 2 Vision+ camera powers up when the flight battery has been installed and switched on. Photos and

videos can be shot by pressing either the onboard button or the DJI VISION App. For aerial photography it

supports burst shots, continuous capture and timed capture, and exports to both Adobe DNG Raw and JPEG. For

aerial video, it shoots in full HD at (1080p30/1080i60) and can even shoot 720p60 for internet ready slow motion.

Camera specifications

Sensor Size                      1/2.3"

Pixels                           14 Megapixels

Resolution                       4384×3288

HD Recording                     1080p30 /1080i60/720p60

Recording FOV                    110° / 85°

Lens cap removal
Remove lens cap before use and replace it when shooting is complete to protect the camera lens.

                                         Figure 18

©2014 DJI. All Rights Reserved.
Camera Function Buttons
Capture: Press (hold less than 2 seconds) to take a single capture.
Record: Press (hold longer than 2 seconds) to begin recording. Press again to stop.

Camera Data Port
Connect the Camera Data Port to a PC using a Micro-USB cable to copy photos and videos to a PC.

                                                                 Figure 19

Photos and videos can only be copied when the flight battery is powered on.

Camera LED Indicator

Camera LED Indicator lights up after the flight battery is powered on. It provides information on the working status

of the camera.

Camera LED Indicator                          Wi-Fi status Camera status

Solid                                           OFF   Power On; Idle
Slow Blink (0.2s on, 1.8s off)                   ON   Idle
Blink (0.1s on, 0.3s off, 0.1s on, 1.8s off)     ON   Micro-SD card connected to PC
Fast Blink (0.1s on, 0.3s off)                   ON   Synchronizing
Solid                                           OFF   Recording
Blink Once (0.2s on, 0.3s off)                ON/OFF  Taking a single picture.
Blink 3 Times(0.1s on, 0.1s off)              ON/OFF  Taking 3 or 5 photos per shot
Fast Blink (0.1s on, 0.3s off)                ON/OFF  Firmware Upgrading
                                                 ON   Recording
   (0.2s green, 1.8s yellow)                  ON/OFF  Critical error
Solid                                         ON/OFF  CMOS sensor error
Slow Blink (0.2s on, 1.8s off)                ON/OFF  Operation failed
Blink Once (0.2s on, 0.3s off)                ON/OFF  Micro-SD card error
Blink 3 Times(0.1s on, 0.1s off)              ON/OFF  Upgrade error
Fast Blink (0.1s on, 0.3s off)

(0.5s green, 0.5s yellow, 0.5s red, 0.5s Off) ON/OFF Overheated Camera

©2014 DJI. All Rights Reserved.
4 Attaching the Propellers

Always use original 9-inch propellers, classified by the color of each central nut.

4.1 Introduction                            Grey Nut (9443)                          Black Nut (9443 R)

  Propellers

Diagram

Assembly Location                Attach to motor without black dot.  Attach to motor with black dot.
Fastening/Un-fastening
Instructions                     Lock: Tighten propeller in this direction.

                                 Unlock: Loosen propeller in this direction.

4.2 Assembly

   1. (Figure 20) Remove warning cards from motors after you have read them.
   2. (Figure 21) Spin grey marked propellers clockwise onto unmarked motors and black marked propellers

            anti-clockwise for black marked motors.

                                 Figure 20                           Figure 21

         Propellers self tighten during flight. DO NOT use thread locker.
         (1) Always match marked props with the corresponding motor.
         (2) Protective gloves are recommended during propeller assembly and removal.

4.3 Removing the Propellers

(Figure 22) Prevent motor rotation using the included wrench or a hand, then remove propeller according to the

un-fastening instructions.

                                            Figure 22

©2014 DJI. All Rights Reserved.
4.4 Notes

  1. Check that propellers and motors are installed correctly and firmly before every flight.
  2. Ensure that all propellers are in good condition before each flight. DO NOT use any ageing, chipped, or

          broken propellers.
  3. To avoid injury, STAND CLEAR of and DO NOT touch propellers or motors when they are spinning.
  4. ONLY use original DJI propellers for a better and safer flight experience.

          For beginner flyers, PHANTOM 2 Prop Guards are recommended. Contact your authorized dealer or DJI
          customer service to purchase if necessary.

                                                                                   Figure 23

©2014 DJI. All Rights Reserved.
5 Preparing the Remote Controller

The Phantom 2 Vision+ Remote Controller is a wireless communication device using the 5.8GHz frequency band.
Remote Controller and Phantom are paired before delivery.
The Remote Controller is set to Mode 2 by default. This can be adjusted in the PHANTOM RC Assistant Software.
See Using the PHANTOM RC Assistant Software (Page 69) for details. You can also adjust the power of your
Remote Controller according to national regulations. Please refer to Compliance Version Configuration (Page 27).

          Compliance Version: The Phantom 2 Vision+ Remote Controller is compliant with CE and FCC (see the
          FCC ID) regulations.
          Operating Mode: Mode 1 and Mode 2 refer to different channel mappings.
          Mode 1: The right stick controls throttle.
          Mode 2: The left stick controls throttle.
          The Range Extender and Phone Holder are already mounted on the Remote Controller. Twist the Phone
          Holder to face outwards and fix it in position for mobile device installation.
          Large smartphones and tablets are not recommended for the Phone Holder as they do not fit.

5.1 The Remote Controller                [1] Antenna
                                         [2] Carrying Handle
              [1]

            [2]                          [3]        Switch S1
                                                    Switch S2 (Reserved)
      J3 [4]                     [3] J2  [4]        Right Stick (J1: Roll [left & right], J2: Pitch [front & back])
                                                    Left Stick (J3: Throttle [up & down], J4: Yaw [rotation])
J4 [6]                           [5] J1 [5]         Neck Strap Attachment
            [7]                                     Power Switch
                                         [6]        Power LED
            [8]
            [9]                  [11] [7]
            [10]                               [8]

                  Figure 24              [9]

                                         [10] RC Assistant Port(Micro-USB Port)

                                         [11] Battery Compartment (On the back)

5.2 Power on the Remote Controller

  1. Install four AA batteries into the battery compartment on the back of the Remote Controller. Pay
          attention to positive and negative.

  2. Set S1 and S2 switches to the upper most position and place all sticks in the mid-point.
  3. Toggle power switch to the right to switch on.
  4. The Remote Controller will then beep. If it is set to CE compliance, then there will be one beep while the

          FCC compliant version will beep twice. The Power LED will blink green quickly indicating that the
          Remote Controller and receiver are binding. Once binding is completed, the Power LED will change to a

©2014 DJI. All Rights Reserved.
solid green.

                                                              Figure 25

(1) If the low voltage warning alert sounds (refer to Remote Controller Power LED Status
        Information (Page 24) for details), replace batteries as soon as possible.

(2) For long term storage, be sure to remove the batteries from Remote Controller.
(3) Dispose of batteries properly.

5.3 Remote Controller Power LED Status Information

Power LED  Sound                                        Remote Controller State

           None                  Functioning normally.

           None                  Establishing a link between the Remote Controller and the receiver.

           B-B-B...... Low voltage (at 3.9V-4.5V). Replace batteries as soon as possible.

           BBBB                  Low voltage (lower than 3.9V). Remote Controller will automatically power off.
                                 Replace batteries immediately.

                            Remote Controller has not been operated for 15 minutes. Turn off or use the
           B--B--B......

                            Remote Controller.

The Remote Controller Power LED will blink red and sound an alert when the voltage drops below
3.9V and automatically power off after 3 seconds. This process will repeat even if you power cycle the
Remote Controller. If this low voltage warning occurs during flight, it will cause the Phantom to enter
Failsafe mode which cannot be interrupted (refer to Failsafe Function (Page41) for details). Replacing
batteries immediately after the low voltage warning (3.9V-4.5V) is strongly recommended.

5.4 Antenna Orientation

Keep the antennas pointing skyward, perpendicular to the ground for maximum communication range during flight.

©2014 DJI. All Rights Reserved.
          For maximum range and reliability,
          Remote Controller antenna should
          point skywards with no
          obstructions between it and the
          Phantom. Obstacles may cause
          Return to Home to trigger. Phone
          Holder and Range Extender
          should not block the antenna.

                                 Figure 26

5.5 Remote Controller Operation

The Remote Controller default is set to Mode 2 by default.

          Stick Neutral/ mid point: Control sticks of the Remote Controller are placed at the central position.
          Move the Stick: The control stick is pushed away from the central position.

Remote Controller                      Aircraft                                    Operation details
                                 indicates nose direction)
(Mode 2)           (                                        Vertical movements on the left stick control elevation.
                                                            Push the stick up to ascend and down to descend.
                                                            When both sticks are centered the Phantom will hover
                                                            in place.
                                                            Push the throttle stick upward beyond the centered
                                                            (neutral) position to take off. Push the throttle gently to
                                                            prevent sudden and unexpected elevation.

                                                            Horizontal movements on the left stick control the
                                                            rudder.
                                                            Push left to rotate counter clock-wise and right for
                                                            clockwise. If the stick is centered, the Phantom will fly
                                                            straight.
                                                            The more the stick is moved, the faster the Phantom will
                                                            rotate.

                                                            Vertical movements on the right stick control forward
                                                            and backward pitch.
                                                            Push up to fly forward and down to fly backward. The
                                                            Phantom will hover in place if the stick is centered.
                                                            Push the stick further for a larger pitch angle (maximum
                                                            35°) and faster flight.

©2014 DJI. All Rights Reserved.
                                  Horizontal movements on the right stick control left and
                                  right pitch.
                                  Push left to fly left and right to fly right. The Phantom
                                  will hover in place if the stick is centered.
                                  Push the stick further for a larger pitch angle (maximum
                                  35°) and faster flight.

Position 1 Position 2 Position 3  The S1 switch is used for compass calibration. Toggle the
                                  S1 from position 1 to position 3 and back approximately 5
                                  times to enter into compass calibration mode.
                                  In Naza-M mode, the S1 switch is used to switch between
                                  control modes and enter compass calibration.

Position 1 Position 2 Position 3  S2 is used to record a Home point manually. After a
                                  Home point has been recorded automatically, flipping
                                  S2 from position 1 to position 3 and back 5 times (or
                                  more) rapidly will move the Home point to the
                                  Phantom's current location.
                                  In Naza-M working mode, S2 is be used for IOC.

(1) In `Ready to Fly' mode, the Phantom will hover when all sticks are released.
(2) In `Ready to Fly (non-GPS)' the Phantom will lock its altitude but will not have horizontal

        positioning.

5.6 Linking the Remote Controller and Receiver

A 5.8G receiver is built in to the Phantom 2 Vision+. Its link button and indicator are located on the underside of
the phantom, as shown in Figure 27.
The Remote Controller and the receiver are paired before delivery. Only use this button if you have replaced your
Remote Controller or receiver.

                                                             Link Button &
                                                             Link Indicator

                                 Figure 27

©2014 DJI. All Rights Reserved.
Linking Procedures
  1. Power off the Remote Controller, power on the aircraft. You will see the link indicator blinking red.
  2. Press the link button with a thin object and hold until the link indicator blinks yellow. Release the link
          button.
  3. Power on the Remote Controller. Link indicator will switch off, showing that a link has been successfully
          established.

Link Indicator        Description     Next Operation
      Link Indicator

                      No signal received. Switch on the Remote Controller or perform a link procedure.

                      Ready to link.  Switch on the Remote Controller.

5.7 Compliance Version Configuration

As power levels vary between regulators, the Phantom Remote Controller's power output can be adjusted by
twisting the potentiometer knob (Figure 28) on the back of the Remote Controller using a flathead screwdriver. For
CE compliance, set the Remote Controller to CE with a full counterclockwise turn. For FCC compliance, set the
Remote Controller to FCC with a full clockwise turn. Be sure to follow relevant local regulations.
Compliance can be configured using the PHANTOM RC Assistant Software. Select CE compliance version in
Assistant Software to set it, or do the same with FCC compliance version.

                                                                           CE FCC

                                                                              Figure 28

             (1) Turn the potentiometer knob gently to avoid damage.
             (2) CE compliant devices have an effective communication range of 400 meters in open spaces

                      due to power limitations.
             (3) FCC compliant devices have an effective range of 800 meters in open spaces.
             (4) Watch your flight distance as the Phantom 2 Vision+ will enter Failsafe mode (auto-landing or

                      go home and land) if it flies beyond the relevant range limits.
             (5) Always follow local laws and regulations.

©2014 DJI. All Rights Reserved.
             (1) It is recommended to use a 2.4mm flathead screwdriver for adjustments.
             (2) There is another potentiometer for reserved use.

©2014 DJI. All Rights Reserved.
6 Preparing the Range Extender

The Phantom 2 Vision+ Range Extender is a wireless communication device that operates within the 2.4 GHz
frequency band. It is used to extending the effective range of communication between a Smartphone and the
Phantom 2 Vision+. In an open, unobstructed area, the transmission distance can reach up to 700 meters. This can
be reduced by trees, buildings and other sources of the same frequency. Before every flight, it is suggested that
you ensure the Range Extender is functioning properly; otherwise communication issues between the mobile device
and the Phantom 2 Vision+ may occur.
Each Range Extender has a unique MAC address and network name (SSID), details of which are printed on the label
as `Phantom_XXXXXX'. The `XXXXXX' represents the last 6 letters or numbers of the MAC address for the
Range Extender. This can be renamed in the DJI VISION App.

6.1 Introduction                           [4]                     [1] SYSTEM Indicator
                                           [5]                     [2] POWER Indicator
  [1]                                      [6]                     [3] Lock-screw
 [2]                                                               [4] Binding Reset Button
 [3]                                       [7]                     [5] Power Switch
                                                                   [6] Charging Port(Micro-USB port)
                               Figure 29                Figure 30  [7] Mounting Bracket

SYSTEM Indicator

Shows Wi-Fi status of the Range Extender.

SYSTEM Indicator  Description

                  The Wi-Fi network is functioning normally.

Off The Wi-Fi network is functioning abnormally.

POWER Indicator

Shows power levels of the Range Extender.

POWER Indicator   Description

                  Fully charged.

                  Low voltage alert, re-charge required.

                  Charging.

If the power indicator is a solid red light, the Ranger Extender may stop working at any moment. Land
and recharge as soon as possible.

Binding Reset Button
When the Binding Reset Button is pressed, it will reset and restart the Range Extender. You will need to bind it with

©2014 DJI. All Rights Reserved.
the Phantom 2 Vision+ again to recreate its Wi-Fi network. Failure to do so will cause the DJI VISION App to fail to
connect with the camera.

6.2 Use

Charging the Range Extender
  Charge the Range Extender by connecting the charging port to a power supply device such as a PC or a USB
  charger using a Micro-USB cable. Make sure to charge the Range Extender completely before using it for the
  first time. This takes 3~4 hours depending on USB power output.

             Make sure the Range Extender has enough power before each use.

Powering on the Range Extender
  1. Flick the power switch to the ON position.
  2. Wait for approximately 30 seconds. The Wi-Fi signal indicator will blink green indicating the Range
          Extender is communicating properly.
  3. Keep the Range Extender facing the aircraft during flight for the best communication link.

             Power off the Range Extender after every flight to avoid discharging the battery.

Checking the Battery Level
The battery level of the Range Extender can be checked in the camera page of the DJI VISION App as shown
below. When the battery level drops to 20% or lower, the battery level icon will go red as a charging reminder.

                                       Figure 31                         Figure 32

6.3 Renaming the Range Extender SSID

Make your Range Extender SSID easier to remember by changing its name..

©2014 DJI. All Rights Reserved.
        Figure 33                           Figure 34         Figure 35

1. Tap "Rename SSID of Range Extender" in the Settings page. Enter a new name SSID name (e.g.

Phantom_Tom) in the textbox.

2. Tap  and you will be asked to enter the last six characters of your MAC address on the Range

Extender to confirm the change. The MAC address can be found on the sticker on your Range Extender.

If your MAC address is 60:60:1F:60:41:E7, then enter 6041E7.

3. Tap "OK" to confirm the change. The Range Extender will automatically restart and the App will return to

the settings page. Approximately 30 seconds later, the new network name can be found in the Wi-Fi list

of your mobile device. Select and connect the renamed network to use the DJI VISION App.

6.4 Binding the Phantom 2 Vision+ and Range Extender

If the connection between the Phantom 2 Vision+ and the Range Extender fails, or one of them needs to be
repaired or replaced, a camera and Range Extender binding will need to be performed through the DJI VISION
App.

                                 Binding
                              Reset Button

                                                                              Figure 36

  1. Power on the camera and Range Extender.
  2. Approximately 30 seconds later, press the Binding Reset Button on the Range Extender with a thin

          object until the SYSTEM Indicator turns off. The Range Extender will then restart automatically.
  3. Approximately 30 seconds later, the SYSTEM Indicator will start to blink green, indicating that the Range

          Extender is ready for binding.
  4. Enable Wi-Fi on your mobile device then select "Phantom_XXXXXX" the (SSIDof your Range Extender)

          from theWi-Fi network list.
  5. (Figure 37) Run the DJI VISION App then tap -> Settings -> General -> Binding. (Figure 38) Select 'Scan

©2014 DJI. All Rights Reserved.
QR Code' to scan the camera QR code on the product packaging. (Figure 39) Get the camera SSID (E.g.

FC200_xxxxxx) and the MAC address. You can also skip the scan and enter the camera MAC address

directly (Figure 38, Figure 40). The MAC address can be found on the camera label.

6. Tap the tick  in the top right corner. The Range Extender should automatically restart. Binding is

now complete.

                                                                                    QR code

Figure 37                                   Figure 38

                                 Figure 39                         Figure 40

DO NOT push the Binding Reset Button of the Range Extender unless you are ready to rebind the

Range Extender and the camera. This will unbind your camera so you must follow the steps above for

rebinding.

If both the Phantom 2 Vision+ and the Range Extender are powered on and working normally, you will

be able to find the SSID on the Wi-Fi list of your mobile device.

(1) The QR code is located on the bottom cover of the Phantom 2 Vision+. If you cannot find the

QR code, please contact DJI customer service and provide your camera serial number (printed

on the label of the camera) so they can generate a new QR code for you.

(2) Photographing and saving the QR code is recommended to prevent loss.

©2014 DJI. All Rights Reserved.
7 Downloading and Installing the DJI VISION App

7.1 Download and Install

Download and install methods
                    Scan the QR code to get the download link. Download and install the DJI VISION App on your
                    mobile device. You can find the QR code on the `Quick Start Guide' as well as on the packaging
                    of the Phantom 2 Vision+.

    iOS user Search "DJI VISION" on the App Store, download and install on your mobile device.
Android user Search "DJI VISION" on Google Play, download and install on your mobile device.

Supported mobile devices

iOS (iOS6.1 or above)            Recommended: iPhone4S, iPhone5, iPhone5S, iPhone5C, iPod Touch4, iPod Touch5;
                                 Available but not recommended: iPad3, iPad4, iPad mini, iPad Air.

Android (4.0 or above)           Samsung Galaxy S3, S4, Note2, Note3 or mobile devices of similar configuration.

     DJI continues to support many mobile devices and any information from users are welcome. Please
     send any questions or queries to the following mailbox: phantom2vision@dji.com.
     The DJI website is regularly updated. Check back often for latest App updates.

7.2 Register and Login

Access the Internet to register and login.

[1]

[2]

     Figure 41                              Figure 42  Figure 43

[1] Register                                                                                                      to
    Tap `Register' to enter the registration page. Fill in your Email and Password information and then tap
    create a new account.
             The DJI account works with all DJI Assistant Software and Apps.

©2014 DJI. All Rights Reserved.
[2] Login                                                                                         to login.
    Tap `Login' to enter the login page. Fill in your registered Email and Password and then tap
             Log in to your account the first time you use the DJI VISION App.
             Tap "Forgot Password" if you have forgotten your login details.

[3] Usage tips
    Useful tips will display when you enter the welcome page. Tap the screen to display the next useful tip.

[3]

                                                              Figure 44

Enable the "Tutorial" switch in the Settings page to get hints and tips the first time you use the DJI
VISION App.

                                 Figure 45

©2014 DJI. All Rights Reserved.
8 Connecting the Camera

Before flight, always connect your smartphone to the Phantom's Wi-Fi network. This is required for the camera
control and FPV.

8.1 Connecting Procedures

Follow these instructions to connect a mobile device to the Phantom 2 Vision+ camera.
  1. Power on the Remote Controller and the Range Extender.
  2. Power on the Phantom 2 Vision+.
  3. (Figure46) Enable the Wi-Fi on your mobile device; wait for about 30 seconds, and then select
          "Phantom_XXXXXX" from theWi-Fi network list.
  4. (Figure47) Run the DJI VISION App on your mobile device. When the Wi-Fi connection indicator on the
          App main menu goes green, the connection is good.
  5. Tap the "CAMERA" icon and the DJI VISION App will begin a live camera preview (Figure48). This means
          everything is functioning normally.

       Enable Wi-Fi                                               Wi-Fi Connection
                                                                       Indicator
       Select
Phantom_XXXXXX

                                 Figure 46             Figure 47

                                            Figure 48

©2014 DJI. All Rights Reserved.
Wi-Fi Connection Indicator Description
 Icon Description
             Solid green Wi-Fi is connected to the Phantom 2 Vision+.
             Solid blue Wi-Fi is connected to another Wi-Fi network, not to the Phantom 2 Vision+.
             Off No Wi-Fi connection.
             (1) The SSID is unique for each Phantom 2 Vision+ It will appear as Phantom_XXXXXX in your Wi-Fi
                     list.
             (2) Android users can tap the SSID button on the main page to mobile device Wi-Fi settings directly.

©2014 DJI. All Rights Reserved.
Flight

Once pre-flight preparation is complete, it is recommended to carry out the tasks in the Phantom Pilot Training
Guide to prepare for more complex flight maneuvers and learn to fly safely. Ensure that all flights are carried out in
a suitable location.
Flight Environment Requirements

  1. Do not use the aircraft in severe weather conditions. These include wind speed exceeding category 4,
          snow, rain and smog.

  2. Fly in open fields as high buildings or steel structures may affect the accuracy of the onboard compass.
  3. Keep the Phantom away from obstacles, crowds, high voltage power lines, trees or bodies of water when

          in flight.
  4. Reduce the chance of electromagnetic interference by not flying in areas with high levels of

          electromagnetism, including base stations or radio transmission towers.
  5. The Phantom cannot operate within the polar areas.
  6. Do not fly the aircraft within no-fly zones specified by local laws and regulations.
Preflight Checklist
  1. Remote Controller, smart battery, Range Extender and smartphone are fully charged.
  2. Propellers are mounted correctly.
  3. Gimbal clamp has been removed.
  4. Damping absorbers are in good condition, not broken or worn.
  5. Anti-drop kits have been mounted correctly.
  6. Camera lens cap has been removed.
  7. Micro-SD card has been inserted if necessary.
  8. Gimbal is functioning as normal.
  9. Motors can start and are functioning as normal.
  10. DJI VISION App can connect to the camera.

©2014 DJI. All Rights Reserved.
1 Calibrating the Compass

IMPORTANT: Make sure to calibrate the compass in every new flight location. The compass is very sensitive to
electromagnetic interference, which can cause abnormal compass data leading to poor flight performance or even
flight failure. Regular calibration is required for optimum performance.

          (1) DO NOT calibrate your compass where there is a chance of strong magnetic interference, such as
                   magnetite, parking structures, and steel reinforcements underground.

          (2) DO NOT carry ferromagnetic materials with you during calibration such as keys or cellular phones.
          (3) DO NOT calibrate beside massive metal objects.

1.1 Calibration Procedures

Choose an open space to carry out the following procedures. Watch the Phantom 2 Vision+ quick start video for

more details.

       Quickly flip the switch S1          360o Rotate the aircraft              360oRotate the aircraft
                                                  horizontally                 vertically (Nose downward)

               Position-1

Start      Position-3
cali
       Position-1->Position-3->Position-1
             Flip 5 times or above

                                                                               LED Flight
                                                                               Indicator

         LED Flight Indicator                LED Flight Indicator              Normal LED    Fail
       Start horizontal calibration        Start vertical calibration            Succeed

                                              Position-1                       Re-calibrate

                                             Position-3

                                           Position-1->Position-3->Position-1
                                                         Flip once

                                                                     Figure 49

       If compass calibration is needed before flight, a prompt will appear on the DJI VISON App's camera
       page. It will disappear after successful calibration.

1.2 When to Recalibrate

  1. When compass data is abnormal, the rear LED flight indicator will blink red and yellow.
  2. Flying in different location to last flight.
  3. Mechanical structure of the Phantom has changed, i.e. changed mounting position of the compass.
  4. Severe drifting occurs in flight, i.e. Phantom does not fly in straight lines.

©2014 DJI. All Rights Reserved.
2 Starting/Stopping the Motors

2.1 Starting Motors

A Combination Stick Command (CSC) is used to start the motors instead of simply pushing the stick up. (Figure 50)
Push both sticks to their bottom corners to start the motors. Once the motors have spun up, release both sticks
simultaneously.

                                                                              Figure 50

2.2 Stopping Motors

There are two methods to stop the motors.
Method 1: When the Phantom has landed, push the throttle down, then conduct CSC. Motors will stop immediately.
Release both sticks once motors stop.

                                                                                 

                                                                              Figure 51

Method 2: When the aircraft has landed, push the throttle down and hold. Motors will stop after 3 seconds.

                                                                              Figure 52

          Do not execute CSC during normal flight. This will stop the motors and cause the aircraft to drop without
          control.
          Conduct the CSC as neatly as you can. Release the sticks once motors start/stop.

©2014 DJI. All Rights Reserved.
3 Flight Test

3.1 Take off/Landing Procedures

  1. Place the Phantom 2 Vision+ on open flat ground with battery indicators facing towards you.
  2. Power on the Remote Controller and Range Extender, then the Smart Flight Battery.
  3. Launch the DJI VISION App and start bind it with your smartphone then enter the camera preview page.
  4. Wait until the Rear LED Flight Indicator blinks green. This means it has initialized and is Ready to Fly. If it

          flashes yellow, it is in Ready to Fly (non-GPS) mode and will require more careful flight. Execute the CSC
          command to start motors.
  5. Push the throttle up slowly to take off. Refer to Remote Controller Operation (Page 25) for more details.
  6. Shoot photos and videos using the DJI VISION App. Refer to DJI VISION App Usage (Page 48) for more
          details.
  7. To land, hover over a level surface and gently pull down on the throttle gently to descend.
  8. After landing, execute the CSC command or hold the throttle at its lowest position for 3 seconds or more
          until the motors stop.
  9. Turn off the smart battery, Range Extender and Remote Controller.

             (1) When the Rear LED Flight Indicator blinks yellow rapidly during flight, the aircraft has entered
                      Failsafe mode. Refer to Failsafe Function (Page 41) for details.

             (2) A low battery level warning is indicated by the Rear LED Flight Indicator blinking red slowly or
                      rapidly during flight. Refer to the Low Battery Level Warning Function (Page) for details.

             (3) View tutorials about flight for more flight information: www.dji.com/phantom2visionplus/training.

3.2 Video Suggestions and Tips

  1. Work through the check list before each flight.
  2. Set the gimbal working mode to Stabilized.
  3. Aim to shoot when flying in Ready to Fly only.
  4. Always fly in good weather, such as sunny or windless days.
  5. Change camera settings to suit you. These include FOV, photo format and exposure compensation.
  6. Take flight tests to establish flight routes and scenes.
  7. Push the sticks gently to make aircraft movements stable and smooth.

©2014 DJI. All Rights Reserved.
4 Failsafe Function

The Phantom will enter Failsafe mode when its connection to the Remote Controller is lost. The Flight Control
System will automatically control the aircraft to return to home and land to prevent injury or damage.

             Home Point: When the Phantom enters 'Ready to Fly' from the `Ready to Fly status (non-GPS)', the
             GPS coordinates will be recorded and set as the home point.
             1) When Remote Controller signal is lost, the aircraft will return to the recorded home point

                     coordinates and land.
             2) Home point coordinates are used to calculate the horizontal distance of the aircraft (shown as

                     "Distance" on the GUI of the DJI VISION App).
             3) After successfully record the home point, rear LED flight indicators blink fast green.

4.1 When will Failsafe Activate?

  1. The Remote Controller is powered off.
  2. The Phantom has flown out of effective communication range.
  3. The signal between the Remote Controller and the Phantom has been blocked.
  4. There is interference causing a signal problem with the Remote Controller.

4.2 Failsafe Procedure

Initiating the Failsafe mode from different flying statuses will results in different landing processes.

Ready to Fly (non-GPS) ---- Automatic landing

The Flight Control System will keep the aircraft level during descent and landing. It may be drift during the

descent and landing process.

Ready to Fly ---- Automatic go home and land

The Flight Control System will automatically control the aircraft to fly back to the home point and land.

The below demonstrates the complete Ready to Fly Failsafe landing process.

1 Record Home Point.                       2 Flying.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      3 Remote controller signal lost.

                                                                 OFF CAM ON WIFI ON                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       OFF CAM ON WIFI ON
                                                                         MICRO SD                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 MICRO SD

OFF CAM ON WIFI ON
        MICRO SD

LED Flight Indicator  à                    LED Flight Indicator                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           LED Flight Indicator

4 Signal lost lasts 3s, begin to go home.  5 Fly back to home point.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      6 Landing after hovering 15s.

                      OFF CAM ON WIFI ON                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      OFF CAM ON WIFI ON                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             OFF CAM ON WIFI ON
                              MICRO SD                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 MICRO SD                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       MICRO SD

LED Flight Indicator                                             Height over home point>20m                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               LED Flight Indicator

                                                           20m Elevate to 20m

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      OFF CAM ON WIFI ON
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              MICRO SD

                                                               Height over home point<=20m

                                           LED Flight Indicator

                                                      Figure 53

(1) To ensure the aircraft successful return to home after Failsafe activation, aim to only fly in Ready

                      to Fly mode.

©2014 DJI. All Rights Reserved.
             (2) The Phantom will automatically descend during the Failsafe process if there are less than 6 GPS
                      satellites detected for more than 20 seconds.

             (3) The aircraft cannot avoid obstacles during Failsafe.
             Quickly flipping the S2 switch of the Remote Controller from top to bottom 5 times or more will reset
             the current aircraft position as a new home point. Rear LED flight indicators will blink green rapidly
             when successful.

Failsafe on the DJI VISION App
The DJI VISION App will provide information during Failsafe.

               Figure 54                                               Figure 55

4.3 Regaining Control During Failsafe Procedures

Position of                      Position-1                                           Position-2 Position-3
Switch S1

How to regain  When the S1 switch is switched to Position-1, toggle the S1 switch to  Regain control as soon as

control        any other position once to regain control. If the Remote Controller    signal is recovered.

               signal is recovered, control is returned to the pilot.

©2014 DJI. All Rights Reserved.
5 Low Battery Level Warning Function

The low battery level warning alerts users when the battery is close to depletion during flight. When it appears,

users should promptly fly back and land to avoid accidental damage. The Phantom 2 Vision+ has two levels of low

battery level warning. The default battery level warning thresholds are 30% (low battery level warning) and 15%

(critical low battery level warning) respectively.

Battery Level Rest Battery Rear LED Flight          DJI VISION App  Flight Instructions

Warning        Level             Indicator

Low battery    threshold of                         The battery level icon will Fly the Phantom 2 Vision+ back
level warning  low battery                          become red (e.g. )  and land it as soon as possible,
                                                    and a red rectangle will stop motors and replace the
                                  Slow red blinks   blink on the camera screen. battery.
               level warning

Critical low   threshold of                         The battery level icon will The Phantom 2 Vision+ will begin
battery level  critical low                         become red (e.g. )  to descend and land automatically.
warning        battery level Fast red blinks        and a red rectangle will After it has landed, stop motors
               warning                              blink on the camera screen. and replace the battery.

         When the Phantom 2 Vision+ is descending and landing automatically, you are able to push the
         throttle upward to hover the aircraft and navigate it to a more appropriate location for landing.
         When a low battery warning is triggered, you must bring the aircraft back to the home point
         to avoid losing power during flight.

Low Battery Level Warning on the DJI VISION App
Battery level warnings will show on the camera page of the DJI VISION App when the battery level is low.
(1) A red rectangle will blink on the camera screen.
(2) Audible alarm. Make sure sound is turned on and volume is turned up on your mobile device.
(3) The aircraft battery icon will turn red.

                                                    Figure 56

©2014 DJI. All Rights Reserved.
6 Flight Limits

All unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) operators should abide by all regulations from such organizations as the ICAO

(International Civil Aviation Organization) and their own national airspace regulations. For safety reasons, the flight

limits function is enabled by default to help users use this product safely and legally. The flight limits function

includes height, distance limits and No Fly Zones.

In Ready to Fly mode, height, distance limits and No Fly Zones work together to manage flight. In Ready to Fly

(non-GPS) status, only height limits work and flights cannot go higher than 120m.  394 feet

Default parameters in Assistant Software are compliant within the definitions of class G ruled by ICAO.

(Refer to Airspace Classification to get more details). As each country has its own rules, make sure to

configure these parameters to comply with these rules before flying.

6.1 Max Height & Radius Limits

Max Height & Radius limits flying height and distance. Configuration can be done in the Phantom 2 Vision+

Assistant (Figure 57). Once complete, your Phantom will fly in a restricted cylinder (Figure 58).

                                                                                    Max            Max
                                                                                   Height         Radius

                                                                                                  Home Point

                                                                                                    Height of
                                                                                                  aircraft when
                                                                                                  powered on

                                         Figure 57                                 Figure 58

Ready to Fly

                                 Limits             DJI VISION App                 Rear LED flight indicator

Max Height    Flight height must be under the set Warning: Height limit                    None.
Max Radius
              height.                               reached.

              Flight distance must be within the    Warning: Distance limit Rapid red flashing
              max radius.
                                                    reached.             when close to the max radius limit.

©2014 DJI. All Rights Reserved.
Ready to Fly(non-GPS)

                                 Flight Limits                     DJI VISION App           Rear LED flight indicator
                                                                                                       None.
Max Height  Flight height restricted to 120m and
                                                            Warning: Height limit reached.

            under.

Max Radius                                                         No limits

             (1) If you fly out of the limit, you can still control the Phantom, but cannot fly it further.
             (2) If the Phantom flies out of the max radius in Ready to Fly (non-GPS) mode, it will fly back within

                     range automatically.

6.2 Flight Limits of Special Areas

Special areas include airports worldwide. All special areas are listed on the DJI official website. Please refer to
http://www.dji.com/fly-safe/category-mc for details. These areas have been divided into category A and category B.

8100m        c                                  Center of          2000m c                       Center of
8000m       b                                    Special                                          Special
                                                   Area                                             Area
                                                                                   a
                       a

2400m                  a                      Airspace: A,B,C,D    1000m                                 Airspace: A,C,D
        cb                                   Boundary: a, b, c, d           c                           Boundary: a, c,

                                    a bc                                           a ac

                             A BC                     D                                 A CD
120m
                                                                   Figure 60: Category B
                dd

       10.5m

                           Figure 59: Category A

Ready to Fly mode                Limits                            DJI VISION App                Rear LED Flight
Airspace                                                                                             Indicator

            Motors will not start.                       Warning: You are in a restricted zone.
                                                         Take off prohibited

   A        If the Phantom flies into a special area     Warning: You are in a restricted zone.
Orange      in Ready to Fly (non-GPS) mode and            Now descending.
            Ready to Fly mode activates, it will
            automatically descend and land then

            stop its motors.

B If the Phantom flies into a special area in Warning: You Are In A Restricted Zone,

©2014 DJI. All Rights Reserved.
Yellow Ready to Fly (non-GPS) mode and Ready Now Descending.

       to Fly mode activates, it will descend to

       airspace C and hover 5 meters below

       edge d.

       No restrictions of flight, but the Phantom Warning: You are close to a restricted

       will not enter Category A, the aircraft can zone, Fly Cautiously. (Note: For airspace

  C    fly free, but it will not enter Airspace B        A, when aircraft enters the area beneath
Green  through Boundary b & d.                           the Boundary d, the warning message
       Around Category B sites, the phantom              changes to "You are in a restricted area.

       can fly freely, but it will not enter into Max flight height restricted to between

       Airspace A through Boundary a.                    10.5m and 120m. Fly Cautiously.")

 D                                                       None.                                      None.
          No restrictions.

Blue

       Semi-automatic descent: All stick commands are available except the throttle stick command during
       the descent and landing process. Motors will stop automatically after landing. Users must toggle the S1
       switch to regain control. This is the same as regaining control during Failsafe. Please refer to Regaining
       Control During Failsafe Procedure (Page42).
       (1) When flying in the airspace (A/B/C) of restricted special area, LED flight indicators will blink red

                                     quickly and continue for 3 seconds, then switch to indicate current flying
               status and continue for 5 seconds at which point it will switch back to red blinking.
       (2) For safety reasons, please do not fly close to airports, highways, railway stations, railway lines,
               city centers and other special areas. Try to ensure the aircraft is visible.

6.3 Conditions of Flight Limits

In different working modes and flight modes, flight limits will differ according to number of GPS satellites found.
The following table demonstrates all the cases(: available; ×:unavailable).
All flights are restricted by height, distance and special areas simultaneously. The Failsafe and Ground Station
operations are not restricted to flight limits, but if Ground Station function is used, the flight will be restricted the
special area limits built in to Ground Station. Refer to the Ground Station manual for details.

  Phantom mode

      Flight Status              Limits of Special Area         Max Height                          Max Radius
      Ready to Fly                                                                                        
Ready to Fly (non-GPS)                       ×                                                            ×

©2014 DJI. All Rights Reserved.
Naza-M mode

Control Mode  number of GPS found  Limits of Special Area  Max Height  Max Radius
      GPS
     ATTI.               6                                                   
                         6                     ×                             ×
    Manual               6                                                   ×
                         6                     ×                             ×
                         6                     ×                 ×           ×
                         6                     ×                 ×           ×

6.4 Disclaimer

Please ensure that you are up to date with international and domestic airspace rules and regulations before using
this product. By using this product, you hereby agree to this disclaimer and signify that you have read this fully. You
agree that you are responsible for your own conduct and content while using this product, and for any direct or
indirect consequences caused by not following this manual, violating or disregarding other applicable local laws,
administrative rules and social habits thereof.

©2014 DJI. All Rights Reserved.
DJI VISION App Usage

The DJI VISION App controls the Phantom 2 Vision+ camera including capture, recording, settings and pitch angle.
It also displays essential flight information including flight parameters and battery level.

1 DJI VISION App Main Menu

After logging in you will see the VISION App home screen. This shows current Wi-Fi connection status and the four
main features of the App.

Icons                                                                Figure 61

                     Description
       Camera Tap to enter camera preview
        Album Tap to enter album
        News Tap to enter DJI news
       Settings Tap to enter App settings

       (1) When using the camera and the SD card album (Page 57), connect your mobile device to the
               Phantom 2 Vision+ Wi-Fi network.

       (2) Internet access is required for sharing photos, videos and reading DJI news.
       (3) If you receive a phone call during a flight, the live camera preview screen may be interrupted. It's

               recommended to ignore the call and pay attention to your flight.

©2014 DJI. All Rights Reserved.
2 Camera Page                                                                   [5] [6]
                                                                                                                 [7]
     [1]                                                                                                         [8]
    [2]                                                                                                          [9]
                                                                                                                 [10]

                                                                                                                 [11]

                                                                                                                 [12]

                                                                                                         [13]
    [3] [14]
    [4]

                                                                              Figure 62

[1]Return [2] Camera Pitch Control [3] Flight Attitude and Radar Function [4] Flight Parameters [5] Wi-Fi Signal
Intensity [6] Flight Battery Level [7] Aircraft GPS Status [8] Micro-SD Card Status [9] Range Extender Battery Level
[10] Remaining Shots [11] Shutter Button [12] Video Recording Button [13] Camera Settings [14] Hide or Show Flight
Parameters

[1] Return

           - Return to the preview page

[2] Camera Pitch Control                              tap once to highlight it  and enter Accelerometer Sensor Mode. Tap

         - Pitch Control switch is white
            again to return to normal.

Normal Mode                                                                     to pitch downwards. Green slider indicates
      Tap up arrow to pitch camera upwards and down arrow                                   Gimbal pitch movement
      current camera pitch.
                   Gimbal pitch control (Normal Mode)

                                                                                Figure 64

                                           Figure 63
©2014 DJI. All Rights Reserved.
Accelerometer Sensor Mode
The gimbal pitch movement is controlled by moving your mobile device. Pitch forward to pitch camera down and
backward to pitch camera up.

                                        Gimbal pitch control (Accelerometer Sensor Mode)

                                  Figure 66

Figure 65

           Gimbal pitch movement

                                                                              Figure 67

             In Accelerometer Sensor Mode, the pitch angle indicator will show a grey area. When the green pitch
             indicator is inside the grey area, the camera will move according to pitch gestures. When the indicator
             reaches the boundary of the grey area, pitch gestures will control the camera's pitch speed at a
             constant rate.

 [3] Flight Attitude and Radar Function

    Flight attitude is indicated by the flight attitude icon.
    (1) The red arrow shows which direction the Phantom 2 Vision+ is facing.
    (2) Light blue and dark blue areas indicate pitch.
    (3) Pitching of the boundary between light blue and dark blue area shows roll angle.

©2014 DJI. All Rights Reserved.
                                                                       Figure 68

Tap flight attitude icon to turn on the radar function. Home in the center of the radar and the red icon indicates
the Phantom 2 Vision+'s current heading, direction, and approximate distance from home. Tap flight attitude
icon again to disable the radar.

Home                                                                       Aircraft
Point                                                                      Position
                                                                           Mobile Device

                                                                               Position

                                                                           Distance

       Figure 69                                                Figure 70

       (1) By default, the center of the radar indicates the home point recorded by the Phantom 2 Vision+.
               Tap the center of the radar to switch the center to your mobile device's current location.

       (2) If your mobile device contains a compass, the top portion of the Radar is the direction you are

       pointing. If not, the radar will be oriented due north.

       (3) Distance units are metric in Figure 69 and Figure 70. Users can switch the unit to imperial in the

       settings page.

[4] Flight Parameters

    Distance: Horizontal distance from home point.
    Altitude: Vertical distance from home point.
    Speed: Horizontal flying speed.

              Distance value will show as N/A if the Phantom 2 Vision+ is not in "Ready to Fly" mode.

[5] Wi-Fi Signal Intensity

    Indicates camera is connected to your mobile device and Wi-Fi is working normally.
    The connection between the camera and mobile device may fail if Wi-Fi signal strength is low. Refer to <
    Phantom 2 Vision+ CONNECTION BROKEN> for more information.

[6] Flight Battery Level

Show current flight battery level. When battery level is low and the battery icon turns red it is recommended to fly

©2014 DJI. All Rights Reserved.
  the aircraft back and land it as soon as possible. Please refer to Low Battery Level Warning Function (Page 43) to
  get more details.

[7] Aircraft GPS Status

    GPS status icon display the number of satellites found by the aircraft. The icon is highlighted when more than 6
    satellites are found, allow the Phantom to fly in "Ready to Fly" mode.

[8] Micro-SD Card Status

    Displays Micro-SD Card Status. Icon is highlighted when a valid Micro-SD card is inserted. If there is no
    Micro-SD card present, it is grayed out.

[9] Range Extender Battery Level

  Shows current battery level of the Range Extender. Refer to Checking the Battery Level (Page 30) for more
  details.

[10] Remaining Shots

  Displays estimated shots remaining, based on the current photo size setting and storage capacity of the Micro-SD
  card. This shows `0' if: (1) Micro-SD card is not inserted. (2) Micro-SD card is full. (3) Micro-SD card is damaged.
  (4) Connection between the DJI VISION App and camera is broken.

[11] Shutter Button

      Tap to take photos.
      Single capture: press once for a single capture.
      Continuous capture: press once for 3 or 5 captures.
      Timed capture: press once to begin a timed capture, press again to stop.

             (1) Shutter button is disabled during video recording.
             (2) Capture modes can be reconfigured in camera settings; refer to the Camera Settings (Page53).

[12] Video Recording Button

    Start and stop video recording. Tap once to start recording. A red dot will blink to indicate recording is in
    progress and a time code will appear in the top right corner of the preview screen. Press again to stop
    recording.

                                 Figure 71

©2014 DJI. All Rights Reserved.
[13] Camera Settings

      Tap to open the camera settings menu, refer to Camera Settings (Page 53).

[14] Hide or Show Flight Parameters.

      Tap to hide flight parameters. Tap again to show.

Figure 72                                                                        Figure 73

©2014 DJI. All Rights Reserved.
3 Camera Settings                 [8]

 [1]                              [9]
[2]                              [10]
[3]                              [11]
[4]                              [12]
[5]
[6]
[7]

                Figure 74                                    Figure 75

[1] Capture Mode [2] Photo Size [3] Video Resolution [4] Photo Format [5]ISO [6] White Balance [7] Exposure

Metering [8] Exposure Compensation [9] Sharpness [10] Anti-flicker [11] Restore Default Settings [12] Format

Micro-SD Card

[1] Capture Mode

                                 Single capture.
                                 3 captures.
                                 5 captures.
                                 Configurable timed capture:
                                  a) Interval between shots (3~60 s)
                                  b) Number of shots (2~254, or number of

                                         picture is subject to the capacity of the memory card.)

Capture Button will change according to the mode selected , , ,         .

[2] Photo Size

                                 Large: 4384 x 3288, 4:3, 14.4MP

                                 Medium: 4384 x 2922, 3:2, 12.8MP
                                 Small: 4384 x 2466, 16:9, 10.8MP

[3] Video Resolution

                                 1920 x 1080 60i,  16:9
                                 1920 x 1080 30p,  16:9
                                 1920 x 1080 25p,  16:9
                                 1280 x 720 60p,   16:9
                                 1280 x 720 30p,   16:9
                                 640 x 480 30p,    4:3(VGA)

               Three Field of View (FOV) options are supported when shooting in 1920x1080 60i, 1920x1080
               30p and 1920x1080 25p: Medium (110°) and Narrow (85°).

©2014 DJI. All Rights Reserved.
[4] Photo Format

                       JPEG

                             RAW
                       The Phantom 2 Vision+ camera shoots in JPEG and RAW file formats
                       simultaneously when this option is selected. See the following table for

                       detailed specifications.

                       JPEG photo size                         4384 X 3288 4384 X 2922 4384 X 2466

                       RAW photo size                          4384 X 3288 4384 X 2920 4384 X 2464

RAW can be edited using the most recent versions of Adobe Camera Raw for Photoshop and Adobe
Lightroom.

[5] Selectable ISO

                       AUTO
                       100
                       200
                       400

[6] White Balance

                       AWB (auto white balance)
                       Sunny
                       Cloudy
                       Incandescent lamp

[7] Exposure Metering

                       Center
                       Average
                       Spot

Center: The meter concentrates most on the center of the scene.
Average: Averages out the light levels for the entire image. This mode is used when the scene has no

   significant light difference.
Spot: Measures a small area in the center of the scene. This mode is used in a high contrast scene

   where the subject must be accurately exposed.

[8] Exposure Compensation                                      2.0(EV)
                                                               1.7(EV)
                                                     -2.0(EV)  1.3(EV)
                                                     -1.7(EV)
                                                     -1.3(EV)

©2014 DJI. All Rights Reserved.
                                 -1.0(EV)  1.0(EV)
                                 -0.7(EV)  0.7(EV)
                                 -0.3(EV)  0.3(EV)
                                 0(EV)

[9] Sharpness

                                 Standard
                                 Hard
                                 Soft

[10] Anti-flicker

                                 Auto
                                 50Hz
                                 60Hz

[11] Restore Default Settings

    Restores all default camera settings. Flight battery restart is needed to allow restoration to take effect.

[12] Format Micro-SD Card

      Format the Micro-SD card. All data stored in the Micro-SD card will be lost after formatting. Remember to

      backup before formatting.

©2014 DJI. All Rights Reserved.
4 Album Page

The DJI VISION App has an SD Card album and a Mobile Device album. Images and videos on the SD Card album
can be synchronized to the Mobile Device album.

In the DJI VISION App, tap to enter into the SD Card album and tap to enter into Mobile Device album.

SD CARD Album  Mobile Device Album

                                                                              Figure 76

              SD CARD album is accessible when the mobile device is connected to Phantom 2 Vision+ Wi-Fi.

4.1 SD Card Album

Pictures stored in the camera are presented using thumbnails. Tap the corresponding thumbnail to view the picture.
                                                                                                             [4]

                                                   [1]
                                                                                                             [3]

                                                   [2]

                                                                              Figure 77

[1] Photos and videos are listed and grouped by date.
[2] All photos and videos that have been synced to your mobile device are marked with .
[3] Tap any thumbnail for single view mode. Tap a Photo thumbnail that hasn't been synchronized to the mobile

©2014 DJI. All Rights Reserved.
device to view the photo. Swipe left or right to view the previous or next photo. Tap on a video thumbnail to
play it and view the video length. A progress bar will appear at the bottom of the screen. Tap to enter single
synchronization mode to synchronize a single photo or video, or to synchronize and play a video at the same
time.

                 Figure 78                                            Figure 79

[4] Tap the      button to enter multiple synchronization mode (as shown in the following diagram). Tap thumbnails

to select photos or videos to synchronize to your mobile device (selected thumbnails are marked with a tick).

Select one or more groups to be synchronized by checking the box before the group, then tap           to start

synchronizing. During the synchronization process, users can tap      to cancel synchronization. Photos and
videos that have been synchronized to the mobile device will remain.

             Some mobile devices cannot support the synchronization of 1080i60 video files.

                                            [5]

Select a group

Select a single
photo or video

                                 Figure 80                            Figure 81

[5] Tap "Cancel" or "Finished" to exit multiple synchronization mode and return to the SD Card page.

             Connect camera data port to a PC via a Micro-USB cable to copy photos or videos on the SD card

             album from the Micro-SD card to the PC conveniently.

©2014 DJI. All Rights Reserved.
4.2 Mobile Device Album           [2]
                                  [3]
                             [1]
                                  [4]

                                                                              Figure 82

[1] Browse all synchronized photos and videos in the album. Tap to view selected photos or videos.
[2] Photos and videos are displayed using thumbnails and sorted by capture time.
[3] Pictures and videos are sorted by captured/recorded geo-tagged locations.

              Internet access is required for map downloads.

                                                                                                       Geo-tagged locations

                                                                              Figure 83

[4] Tap any thumbnail for single view; you can slide left or right to view the previous or next photo. Tap a video
    thumbnail to play a single video.

©2014 DJI. All Rights Reserved.
                                                                          [5]

         Figure 84                          Figure 85

[5] Tap  to share your photos and videos to social networks.
         Access to the Internet is required for photo and video sharing.

                                 Figure 86

©2014 DJI. All Rights Reserved.
5 News Page

View the latest DJI news. (Internet access is required.)

                                 Figure 87                Figure 88

©2014 DJI. All Rights Reserved.
6 Settings Page

                                                                     [7]
[1] [8]
[2] [9]
[3] [10]
[4] [11]

                                                                     [12]
[5] [13]
[6]

                                                                     [14]
                                                                     [15]
                                                                     [16]

                                 Figure 89                                  Figure 90

[1] Toolbar Auto Hide

    Slide the switch from left to right to enable this function. Toolbar will auto hide on the camera page.

                           Figure 91: Toolbar Auto Hide Enabled  Figure 92: Toolbar Auto Hide Disabled

[2] When Connection Lost

                                                                            [17]

                                                                            [18]

                                                                 Figure 93

©2014 DJI. All Rights Reserved.
[17] Stop Recording:
      Enabled: Stop recording if the Wi-Fi connection between the mobile device and the camera breaks while the
      camera is recording.
      Disabled: Keeps recording if the Wi-Fi connection between the mobile device and the camera breaks while the
      camera is recording.

[18] Select the state the camera will enter in the event of a Wi-Fi Connection break between the mobile device and
      the camera. Use this function to ensure you can continue don't miss out on a shot.

[3] Camera Settings Display

    iOS users will see an enabled item display in the camera settings toolbar and disabled items will be hidden.
    This feature is not available on Android.

                                                                             3 items displayed
                                                                                 by default

                                  Figure 94  Figure 95

[4] Preview Quality

                                                                              Figure 96

      High: 640 x 480@30fps
      Medium: 640 x 480@15fps
      Medium: 320 x 240@30fps
      Low: 320 x 240@15fps (Recommended when there is a lot of interference.)

©2014 DJI. All Rights Reserved.
[5] Parameter Unit

    Select imperial or metric units of measurement.

[6] FPV Mode

    Switched on, the gimbal will work in FPV mode. Switched off, the gimbal will work in Stabilize mode.

[7] Auto Flips

    The user interface of the DJI VISION App will flip if the mobile device's auto-flip is enabled.

[8] Battery Low Warning

    If enabled, an alarm will sound when the battery level is too low.
              We recommended adjusting the mobile device volume to the highest level.

[9] Tutorial

    Hints and Tips

[10] Clear News Cache

    Tap to flush news cache.

[11] Binding

    In the event that camera and Range Extender binding is lost or an item has been repaired or replaced, binding
    must be performed using the DJI VISION App. Refer to Binding the Phantom 2 Vision+ and Range Extender
    (Page 31) for details.

[12] Rename SSID of Range Extender

    Tap to rename the SSID of the Range Extender. Refer to Renaming the Range Extender SSID (Page 30) for
    details.

©2014 DJI. All Rights Reserved.
[13] Find My PHANTOM 2 VISION

    My location                                                                        My location

   PHANTOM 2                                                                           PHANTOM 2
VISION'S location                                                                   VISION'S location

                                 Figure 97                       Figure 98

[14] Account

      Tap to see user account information.

[15] Rate

      Tap to rate the DJI VISION App. Internet access required.

              Android App does not include rating.

[16] About

     Tap to see the current version of the DJI VISION App and contact information.

©2014 DJI. All Rights Reserved.
Assistant Software

For better use of the Phantom 2 Vision+, Phantom 2 Vision+ Assistant Software and PHANTOM RC Assistant
Software are required. Both run on Windows or Mac OS X operating systems.

1 Installing Driver and Phantom 2 Vision+ Assistant Software

1.1 Installing and Running on Windows

  1. Download the driver installer and Assistant Software installer (.EXE) from the Phantom 2 Vision+
          download page.

  2. Connect the Phantom 2 Vision+ to a PC using a Micro-USB cable.
  3. Run the driver installer and follow the prompts to finish installation.
  4. Run the Assistant Software installer and follow the prompts to finish installation.
  5. Double click the Phantom 2 Vision+ icon on your desktop to launch Assistant Software.

             Supports Windows XP, Windows 7 and Windows 8 (32 or 64 bit).

1.2 Installing and Running on Mac OS X

  1. Download the Assistant Software installer (.DMG) format from the Phantom 2 Vision+ download page.
  2. Run the installer and follow the prompts to finish installation.

                                                                              Figure 99

  3. When launching for the first time, if using Launchpad to run the Phantom 2 Vision+ Assistant Software,
          Launchpad will not allow access because Assistant has not been reviewed by the Mac App Store.

                                                                             Figure 100

  4. Locate the Phantom 2 Vision+ icon in Finder, press Control then click the icon (or right-click the icon
          using a mouse). Choose Open from the shortcut menu, then click Open in the prompt dialog box to
          launch.

©2014 DJI. All Rights Reserved.
  5. After the first successful launch, double click the Phantom 2 Vision+ icon as normal to launch using
          Finder or Launchpad.

                                                                             Figure 101

             .DMG installer supports Mac OS X 10.6 or above.
             Phantom 2 Vision+ Assistant Software on Mac OS X and Windows are the same. Assistant Software
             pages shown in this manual are from the Windows version.

©2014 DJI. All Rights Reserved.
2 Using Assistant Software

The Phantom 2 Vision+ Assistant Software is used to configure the flight control system and upgrade firmware. The
PHANTOM RC Assistant Software is used to configure the Remote Controller and upgrade its firmware.

2.1 Using the Phantom 2 Vision+ Assistant Software

                                 Figure 102

1. Power on the PC and the Phantom 2 Vision+. Connect the Phantom 2 Vision+ to the PC with a Micro-USB

cable. DO NOT disconnect until configuration is finished.

2. Run Phantom 2 Vision+ Assistant Software and wait for the Phantom 2 Vision+ to connect. Watch the

indicators                on the bottom of the screen. When connected successfully, the connection indicator is

             and communication indicator is blinks .
3. Choose [Basic] or [Advanced] configuration pages.

4. View and check the current configuration in the [View] page.

View configurations                                              Function switch between Phantom
                                                                 and NAZA-M working mode
               RC, Gain
  Gimbal Battery                                                 Language swap

       Flight Limits                                             Account, software
                                                                 version
                                                                 Firmware upgrade

                                                                 IMU calibration

      Communication                                              *This image is for reference
               indicator                                         only. Please refer to the
                                                                 actual user interface.
Connection indicator

                                                             Figure 103

(1) Do not enable Naza-M mode before finishing "Advanced Flight Maneuvers" in the "Phantom
        Pilot Training Guide".

(2) Enable Phantom mode by tapping the same button if Naza-M mode is enabled. Once changed
        to Phantom working mode, all parameters will return to factory settings.

©2014 DJI. All Rights Reserved.
2.2 Firmware Upgrade of the Phantom 2 Vision+

  1. Click [Upgrade] icon to check the current firmware version and whether the installed firmware is the
          latest version. If not, click links to upgrade.

  2. Wait until the Assistant Software shows "finished". Click OK and power cycle the Phantom 2 Vision+
          after 5 seconds. Once complete, firmware is up to date.

Firmware upgradable items   Upgrade link
  Current firmware version

                                                                                                                                                           *This image is for reference
                                                                                                                                                           only. Please refer to the
                                                                                                                                                           actual user interface.

                                                                             Figure 104

             (1) An internet connection is required to upgrade the Phantom 2 Vision+ firmware.
             (2) DO NOT power off until the upgrade is finished.
             (3) If the firmware upgrade fails, the main controller will enter a waiting for firmware upgrade status

                     automatically. If this happens, repeat the above procedures.

             Firmware upgradable items: (1)Main Controller (2)GPS (3)5.8G Receiver (4) Main Board (P330CB)
             (5)Battery (6)Gimbal IMU

2.3 Using the PHANTOM RC Assistant Software

Use the Phantom 2 Vision+ Assistant Software to install PHANTOM RC Assistant Software on your Windows PC or
Mac, and then follow the below steps to configure the Remote Controller.

                                                                                                                          DT7

                                                                             Figure 105

  1. Turn off the Remote Controller and find its Micro-USB port.
  2. Power on PC and Remote Controller then connect Remote Controller to the PC with a Micro-USB cable.

©2014 DJI. All Rights Reserved.
DO NOT disconnect until configuration is finished.

3. Run the PHANTOM RC Assistant Software and wait for the Remote Controller to connect to Assistant

Software. Watch the indicators   on the bottom left of the screen. When connected successfully, the

connection indicator is and communication indicator blinks .

4. Finish configuration in the [Main] page.

5. Finish upgrade in the [Info] page if necessary.

                                                              Language swap

Main page

                                                              Firmware upgrade

                                                              Account, software
                                                              version

Communication indicator                                       *This image is for
     Connection indicator                                     reference only. Please
                                                              refer to the actual
                                                              user interface.

                                             Figure 106

©2014 DJI. All Rights Reserved.
Appendix

1 Rear LED Flight Indicator Status                          Normal status

Rear LED Flight Indicators

                      (Red, Green, Yellow flashes in turn)  Power On Self-Test
                      (Green, Yellow flashes in turn)       Warming Up
                      (Slow Green flashes)                  Ready to Fly
                      (Slow Yellow flashes)                 Ready to Fly (non-GPS)
Rear LED Flight Indicators                                  Abnormal status

            (Quick Yellow flashes)                          Remote Controller Signal Lost
           (Slow Red flashes)                               Low Battery Level Warning

          (Quick Red flashes)                               Critical Low Battery Level Warning
(Three Red flashes off and on)                              Not Stationary or Sensor Bias is too big

           (Solid red)                                      Error*

           (Red, Yellow flashes in turn)                    Compass Needs Calibration

*You can investigate the error by connecting the Phantom 2 Vision+ to the Phantom 2 Vision+'s Assistant

Software.

©2014 DJI. All Rights Reserved.
2 Specifications                          DJI 5200mAh Li-Po Battery
                                          1242g 2.74 lbs
 Aircraft                                 Vertical: 0.8m; Horizontal: 2.5m
                                          200°/s
  Supported Battery                       35°
  Weight (Battery & Propellers included)  Ascent: 6m/s; Descent: 3m/s
  Hovering Accuracy (Ready to Fly)        15m/s (Not Recommended)
  Max Yaw Angular Velocity                350mm
  Max Tiltable Angle
  Max Ascent / Descent Speed              Static : 750mA; Dynamic : 900mA
  Max Flight Speed                        ±0.03°
  Diagonal motor-motor distance           Pitch : -90°0°
                                          Pitch : 90°/s
 Gimbal
                                          0-40
  Working Current                         1/2.3"
  Control Accuracy                        14 Megapixels
  Controllable Range                      4384×3288
  Maximum Angular Speed                   1080p30 /1080i60
                                          110° / 85°
 Camera
                                          5.728 GHz5.85 GHz
  Operating Environment Temperature       CE Compliance: 400m; FCC Compliance: 800m
  Sensor Size                             -93dBm
  Effective Pixels                        CE Compliance: 25mW; FCC Compliance: 100mW
  Resolution                              80 mA@6V
  HD Recording                            4 AA Batteries
  Recording FOV
                                          2412MHz - 2462MHz
 Remote Controller                        500m - 700m
                                          20dBm
  Operating Frequency                     2W
  Communication Distance (open area)
  Receiver Sensitivity (1%PER)
  Transmitting Power (EIRP)
  Working Current/Voltage
  Battery

 Range Extender

  Operating Frequency
  Communication Distance (open area)
  Transmitting Power
  Power Consumption

©2014 DJI. All Rights Reserved.
3 Troubleshooting (FAQ)

3.1 How to solve large margin(s) mid-point error?

If the Remote Controller stick(s) mid-point margin of error is too big, the motors will fail to start when you execute
the CSC and the Phantom will not take off. The below are some possible fixes for this.
(1) One of the Remote Controller's stick positions (except the throttle stick) is not centered when powering on the
Phantom 2 Vision+.
Solution: Place all Remote Controller sticks at their mid-point positions and then power cycle the Phantom 2
Vision+ to re-record the mid-point.
(2) The Remote Control sticks have been trimmed, leading to a deviation in the mid-point position.
Solution: Use Assistant to perform a Remote Control calibration.

    (1) Connect to Assistant Software, tap Basic -> RC -> Command Sticks Calibration and push all Remote Control
    sticks through their complete travel range to see if any stick cannot reach its outermost position.
    (b) Power cycle the Phantom 2 Vision+. Power cycling is required.
    (c) Re-attempt Remote Controller calibration in Assistant.
If the above solutions do not solve your issue, please send your Remote Control to DJI Customer service for repair.

3.2 How to restore a video file if power is turned off during a recording session?

Solution: Keep or place the Micro-SD card back into the camera. Power cycle the camera and wait about 30
seconds for the video file to be restored.

3.3 Failure to acquire the SSID.

Solution: Double check whether both the camera and Range Extender are powered on and the power switch of the
camera is switched to "Wi-Fi ON."

3.4 What to do if Phantom 2 Vision+ is out of sight and the Wi-Fi connections is lost?

Solution: Turn off the Remote Controller to trigger the Failsafe mode and the aircraft will start to fly back, descend,
and land at the Home point. Please make sure there are no obstacles between the Phantom and the home point and
that you are familiar with the procedure for regaining control.

3.5 Wi-Fi connection fails all the time.

Solution: Double check the current Wi-Fi connection status of the mobile device. The mobile device may be
connecting to other Wi-Fi networks after a connection breaks with the Phantom 2 Vision+.

3.6 Files fail to synchronize.

Solution: Video files that are too large (file sizes close to 4GB) cannot be synchronized to the mobile device. Some
mobile devices do not support the synchronization of the 1080i60 video files.

3.7 iOS Albums fail to synchronize.

Solution: Reset the settings of your mobile device as illustrated below. Enable the Settings -> Private -> Photos -> DJI
VISION. Otherwise Albums will fail to synchronize with your mobile device.

©2014 DJI. All Rights Reserved.
3.8 Failure to share.

Solution: Make sure your mobile device has access to the Internet.

3.9 Some Android devices have a problem connecting to the Phantom 2 Vision+ Wi-Fi Extender.

Solution: Some Android devices do not allow for both a Wi-Fi connection and a mobile data connection at the same
time. When trying to connect to the Phantom 2 Vision+ Wi-Fi network, most devices will check whether an Internet
connection has a certain Wi-Fi setting enabled, e.g. Auto network switch or Test for Internet connection. If no
Internet connection is found because the Phantom 2 Vision+ creates a non-routable connection it will drop the
Phantom 2 Vision+ Wi-Fi network connection and scan for the next available connection. Example: For the Samsung
Note 3, carry out the following procedures to solve this issue. Tap Settings -> Wi-Fi, and then tap the "Menu" button.
Select "Advanced" then uncheck the "Auto network switch". You might see a warning that indicates the Internet
connection is unstable this message can be ignored.

3.10 App tips for mobile devices.

If using the App on multiple mobile devices turn off the App on the first mobile device then turn it on on the second
one to ensure normal functions on the second mobile device.

3.11 How to land the aircraft more smoothly?

First pull the throttle stick position down to lower than 5%, then execute the CSC command to stop the motors.

3.12 Why is the discharge time of a battery not zero when unused?

A battery aging test is performed prior to delivery which affects the discharge time of the new battery. This is why
the discharge time of a new battery is not zero. The battery is okay to use.

©2014 DJI. All Rights Reserved.
