September 1, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12699
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­2526

Mr. Henry Clay Lehman
Rise Above Video
705 West Main Street
Kerrville, TX 78028

Dear Mr. Lehman:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated June 4, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of Rise Above Video (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption. The
petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct aerial
videography for geographical awareness and for real estate marketing and inspections.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a DJI Phantom 2 Vision.

In accordance with the statutory criteria provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in
reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited
operating area associated with the aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation
has determined that this aircraft meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA
                                                                                           2

finds that relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts,
Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing
requirements of part 36, is not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

· They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

· The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

· A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Rise Above Video is granted an exemption from
14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c),
91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to
the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Rise Above Video is hereafter referred to as the operator.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                                                 3

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom 2
         Vision when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of
         any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
         must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
         documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
         Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
         limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
         the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
         Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
         documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
         operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
         documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
                                                                                                            4

    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
                                                                                                            5

    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least 5 minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the enclosed COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.
                                                                                                               6

   23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
       any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
       PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
       These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
       official upon request.

   24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
       activities at all times.

   25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

   26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
       persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
          a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
             from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
             that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
             where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
             the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
             of nonparticipating persons; and
          b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
             for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
             the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
             present an undue hazard.

       The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
       nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

   27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
       permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
       Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
       obtained for each flight to be conducted.

   28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
       boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
       to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
       reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
       contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

   29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
       as documented in this grant of exemption.
                                                                                                                 7

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.

This exemption terminates on September 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
June 4, 2015

United States Department of Transportation

Docket Management System VIA FEDERAL EXPRESS

1200 New Jersey Ave., SE  VIA FEDERAL DOCUMENT MANAGEMENT

Washington, DC 20590

RE: Petition for Exemption from certain Title 14 CFRs in regards to Section 333 of the
FAA Modernization & Reform Act of2 012 concerning Unmanned Aerial Systems
(UAS)

Attachments:
    1) Copy of petitioners FAA Commercial Pilot's License
    2) Copy ofpetitioners Driver's License (State ofTexas)
    3) Phantom-2-Vision-Release-Notes-en.pdf
    4) Phantom-2-Vision-Quick-Start-en.pdf
    5) Phantom-2-Vision-User-Manual-v1.8-en.pdf
    6) Smart-Flight-Battery-Safety-Guidelines.pdf
    7) Phantom-2-Vision-Pilot-Training-Guide-en.pdf

References:
    1) FAA Exemption No. 11138, Regulatory Docket No. FAA-2014-0481 in the
         matter ofthe petition ofDOUGLAS TRUDEAU
    2) FAA Exemption No. 11136, Regulatory Docket No. FAA-2014-0508 in the
         matter ofthe petition of ADVANCED AVIATION SOLUTIONS LLC
    3) FAA Exemption No. 11080 Regulatory Docket No. FAA-2014-0355 in the
         matter ofthe petition ofFLYING CAM INC

Dear Sir or Madam:

The Title 14 CFRs exemptions that this request entails are 61.113(a) & (b); 91.7(a);
91.119; 91.121; 91.151(a); 91.405; 91.407(a); 91.409(a)(l) & (2); 91.417(a) & (b).
Reasons for request are cited below.

Per this letter of request, I seek exemption from several Title 14 CFRs that relate to
the commercial use of unmanned aerial systems (UAS). The following will be
included in this request: Name & Information ofPetitioner; Executive Summary of
Petitioner summarizing the rules Petitioner seeks exemption from and reasons the
exemptions would serve the public good; Specific Title 14 CFRs to which an
exemption is sought; the extent & reasons for the requested exemptions; reasons
why safety would not be compromised.

Page 1 of 10
PERSONAL INFORMATION

Name          Henry Clay Lehman (hereafter referred to as "Petitioner")

Company RISE-ABOVE-VIDEO

Address       705 West Main St

              Kerrville, TX 78028

              830 329-4794

              CLAY@CLAYLEHMAN.COM

EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
The Petitioner, Henry Clay Lehman, was born on April 20, 1944 in San Antonio, TX.
and is a US citizen. He has been a REALTOR® for over 10 years and is presently
working with REALTY EXECUTIVES in Kerrville, Tx. The petitioner is a licensed
COMMERCIAL PILOT (#2105618) with an instrument rating. His ratings include
AIRPLANE SINGLE ENGINE LAND & SEA; AIRPLANE MULTIENGINE LAND;
INSTRUMENT AIRPLANE, and holds type rating: L-188. He is a Vietnam Era Vet
having flown as a Plane Commander with USNAVY PATROL SQUADRON VP-40 in
California. In addition to his time as a Naval Aviator, he has previously owned and
flown several fixed-wing aircraft. Petitioner has never been cited for any FAA
violations. Since March 2014, Petitioner has owned and flown a DJI Phantom 2 Vision
(UAS). As a hobbyist. Petitioner has become very proficient with the Phantom 2
Vision model with over 50 hours flown in type. Petitioner is requesting an exemption
from the current rules in Section 333, which govern the uses ofUASs for commercial
purposes. The Petitioner seeks authorization to perform commercial UAS operations
for real estate inspections and use in real estate marketing. This would include
residential, commercial and rural properties. Prospective customers and clients would
include real estate agents & brokers, property inspection companies, management
companies, insurance companies & vendors, banks and private property owners.

PUBLIC GOOD
Aerial videography for geographical awareness and for real estate marketing and
inspections has been around for a long time through manned fixed wing aircraft and
helicopters. But for small business owners, its expense has been cost-prohibitive.
Granting this exemption to the Petitioner would allow him to provide this service at
a much lower cost. Further, the small UAS being utilized in this application will
pose no threat to the public given its small size and lack of combustible fuel when
compared to larger manned aircraft. The operation of this UAS will minimize
ecological damage and promote economic growth by providing information to
businesses & individuals in the Texas Hill Country and central Texas area.

DESCRIPTION OF UAV TO BE DEPLOYED UNDER REQUESTED
EXEMPTIONS
Petitioner currently owns a DJI Phantom 2 Vision quad-copter. The petitioner
intends to use the Phantom 2 Vision as the primary UAV in commercial applications
described herein. The Phantom 2 Vision is a quad-copter that can take off and land
vertically. It weighs approximately 3 lbs. and has a maximum airspeed of
approximately 25 knots. This UAS uses a lithium polymer battery, which gives this

Page 2 of 10
UAS approximately 20-25 minutes of flight time with sufficient remaining battery
charge to land safely. The particular model of Phantom 2 being utilized under this
request for exemption has First Person View (FPV), which allows the PIC to
visually monitor certain telemetry data on a ground station monitor including
altitude (AGL), GPS signal strength, battery charge information, etc. This FPV also
gives the PIC video feed from the attached camera showing what images are being
captured. This is a significant safety feature as it shows the attitude of the UAS and
its forward direction. However, this FPV feature will never be used as a tool to
deviate from VLOS operation by the PIC.

The UNMANNED AIRCRAFT (UA)

The UAS to be deployed here is a DJI Phantom 2 Vision.

General Features

· Lightweight, multi-functional integrated aircraft and camera
· Camera remote-control by DJI VISION APP
· Range Extender increases Wi-Fi distance to 300m
· Anti-vibration camera platform with single axis stabilization
· Low-voltage protection
· Virtual Radar aircraft locator on mobile device
· Range of camera tilt options
· Multiple, continuous and timed capture options
· HD Video Recording (1080/p30 or 1080/60i)
· RAW and JPEG picture formats

Aircraft                                      5200mAh LiPo
                                              1160g (2.56 lbs)
    · Battery                                 Vertical: 0.8m; Horizontal: 2.5m
    · Weight (Battery & Propellers Included)  200°/s
    · Hover Accuracy (Ready To Fly)           35°
    · Max Yaw Angular Velocity
    · Max Tilt Angle                                   Ascent: 6m/s; Descent:
    · Max Ascent I Descent Speed
                                              15m/s (Not Recommended)
        2m/s                                  350mm
    · Max Flight Speed                        0°-60°
    · Diagonal Length
    · Tilting Range Of Gimbal                 5.728GHz-5.8GHz
                                              CE:300m; FCC: 500m
Transmitter                                   93dBm
                                              CE: 25mw; FCC: 125mw
    · Operating Frequency                     80mA@6V
    · Communication Distance (Open Area)
    · Receiver Sensitivity (1 %PER)
    · Transmitter Power
    · Working Voltage

Page 3 of 10
· Battery                                      4 AA Batteries

Camera

· Resolution                                   14 Megapixels

· FOV                                          120°/ 110°/85°

· Sensor Size                                  1/2.3"

· Functionality

              o Support of multi-capture, continuous capture and timed capture

              o Support ofHD Recording (1080/p30 or 1080/60i)

              o Supports of both RAW and JPEG picture format

Range Extender                                 2412-2462MHz
                                               300m
    · Operating Frequency                      <=17dBm
    · Communication Distance (Open Area)       1.5W
    · Transmitter Power
    · Power Consumption

DJI VISION App

· System Requirement Of Mobile Device          iOS version 6.1 or above/
                                               Android system version 4.0 or
                                               above

· Mobile Device Support
    o iOS recommended: iPhone 4s, iPhone 5, iPhone 5s, iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus,
        touch 5 (available but not recommended: iPad 3, iPad 4, iPad mini)
    o Android recommended: Samsung Galaxy S3, S4, Note 2, Note 3 or

              phones of similar configuration

PREFLIGHT
The petitioner will always follow procedures outlined in the UAS operator's manual as to
proper preflight inspection of all hardware, software, environment and any other factors
needed to ensure a safe flight.

PIC QUALIFICATIONS
The petitioner holds a FAA Commercial Pilot's License with an instrument rating.
Petitioner has over 1200 hours PIC time in a variety of aircraft including Cessna 150' s,
Piper Cherokee (PA-140), Twin Aero Commanders, and Lockheed P3-0RION (P3A &
P3B), with the majority being in the Lockheed P3-0RION. Petitioner has owned the UAS
described above since March 2014 and has over 50 hours of documented flight time in
this type ofUAS as a hobbyist. The petitioner envisions being the PIC in all operations
that will be performed under the requested rule exemptions and the subsequent COA
request. However, if another PIC is used for these operations, petitioner agrees that any
PIC ofthe UAS in the envisioned operations will hold at least a FAA Private pilots
certificate, hold at least a 3rd class medical certificate, or a valid, state issued driver's

Page 4 of 10
license and have no less than 25 hours of PIC time in the UAS being deployed before
beginning any type of commercial for hire operations and conform to all safety protocols.

We propose that the minimum medical requirements for the PIC and VO be vision
corrected to 20120 and a valid, state issued driver's license. The 20/20 vision requirement
will ensure that the PIC and VO can see and avoid air traffic; a licensed driver is
medically qualified to operate a much larger vehicle.

DESCRIPTION OF INTENDED COMMERCIAL OPERATIONS
Petitioner intends to solicit work for aerial real estate inspections and marketing from
real estate agents & brokers, property inspection companies, insurance companies &
related vendors, banks and private property owners to provide photography and
videography of residential, commercial and rural real estate. This work will always
be conducted with the permission of the property owner or their respective agent.
Flight operations will be restricted to flights directly over the property that has
granted permission. Given the type of work being targeted here, the Petitioner does
not foresee any instance where the UAS would be flown over any crowds or
assemblages of people in an open-air environment. If in fact any job does entail
flights over crowds, petitioner will elect not to make said flight. Safety will always
be the primary concern regarding any flight at any time.

Petitioner agrees to place a sign during any flight operation that says: CAUTION-
UNMANNED AERIAL VEHICLE IN OPERATION. STAY BACK 100 FEET
FROM AIRCRAFT.

OPERATING PARAMETERS
The UAS being deployed in this exemption request can fly at a speed of
approximately 25 knots. However, given the intended use describe here, this speed
will never be necessary. Much slower speeds are preferred to collect the
photographic material needed.

 The UAV System will be operated in the field with both a PIC and aVO in accordance
with FAA Policy N 8900.227 Section 14 "Operational Requirements for UAS" and with
the following Restrictions:

 (a) No flight will be made with a UA Gross weight exceeding 55 pounds;
 (b) All operations must occur in FAA Class G airspace at no more than 400 ft AGL,

       at an airspeed of no more than 25 knots and no further than 3/4 NM from the PIC;
 (c) Petitioner agrees to use a Visual Observer (VO) during all operations. The VO will

       be used to help visually track the UA while in flight. The VO and PIC must be able
       to communicate by voice at all times during a flight operation;
 (d) Operations will be restricted to flights over private property with the permission of
       the property owner;
 (e) The UAS System will not be operated over densely populated areas;
 (f) The UAS System will not be operated at air shows;
 (g) The UAS System will not be operated over any open-air assembly of people;

Page 5 oflO
 (h) The UAS System will not be operated over heavily trafficked roads;
 (i) The PIC will brief the VO and property owner about the operation and risk before

       the first flight at each new location;
 G) No flight may be made without a Pre-Flight Inspection by the PIC before each

       operation to ascertain that the UA is in a condition safe for flight (see Appendix A).
 (k) Although the UAS being deployed has an approximate control link distance of 3/4

       mile, this is much more than VLOS will allow. Petitioner agrees never to fly UAS
       outside ofVLOS.
 (1) Petitioner will only fly UAS during the day in VMC conditions. Given the petitioner
       agrees to never fly higher than 300 feet AGL, distance from clouds should not be a
       factor if flown in VMC conditions.
 (m) The UAS will not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point as
       denoted on a current FAA published aeronautical chart.
 (n) The UAS being deployed with these exemption requests has the capability of using
       GPS signals to return to its initial point of take off if connection with the radio
       control link is lost.
 (o) The petitioner agrees to yield right of way to all manned aviation activities at all
       times.

EXEMPTION REQUESTS
The following are a list of Title 14 CFAs which the petitioner seeks exemption.
Please note that the Petitioner has used Exemption No. 11138 to Douglas Trudeau
(Regulatory Docket No. FAA-2014-0481) as a reference. Given that the petitioner and
Mr. Trudeau intend to use the exemptions in similar manners and both use similar
equipment, it seemed prudent not to burden the reviewer in this matter with
exemption requests that have been previously deemed that relief was not necessary.
These rules are Part 21, 45.23(b), 91.9(b)(2), 91.103(b), 91.109 and 91.203(a) & (b).
If the reviewer believes that these rules need to be addressed in this request, the
petitioner will make a supplemental request including these additional rule
exemptions.

RULE 61.113 PRIVATE PILOT PREVELEGES AND LIMITATIONS
The Petitioner currently holds an FAA Commercial Pilot Certificate. His other
ratings include AIRPLANE SINGLE ENGINE LAND & SEA; AIRPLANE
MULTIENGINE LAND; INSTRUMENT AIRPLANE. He also holds a L-188 Type
Rating.
The regulation provides that no person that holds a private pilot certificate may act as pilot
in command of an aircraft for compensation or hire. Subparagraph (b) allows a private
pilot to act as pilot in command of an aircraft in connection with any business or
employment if: (1) The flight is only incidental to that business or employment; and (2)
The aircraft does not carry passengers or property for compensation or hire.

Pursuant to 14 C.F.R. §§ 61.113 (a) & (b), private pilots are limited to noncommercial
operations. I, Henry Clay Lehman, can achieve an equivalent level of safety as achieved
by current Regulations because my UAS does not carry any pilots or passengers. The
risks attended to the operation of my UAS is far less than the risk levels inherent in the

Page 6 of 10
commercial activities outlined in 14 C.F.R. § 61, et seq. Thus, allowing me to operate my
UAS meet and exceed current safety levels in relation to 14 C.F.R. §61.113 (a) & (b). In
addition, Grant ofExemption No. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (Astraeus), the FAA
determined that a PIC with a private pilot certificate operating the Astraeus UAS would
not adversely affect operations in the NAS or present a hazard to persons or property on
the ground.

As to private pilot limitations concerning operations for hire or compensation, it seems
that Exemption No. 11062 to Astraeus has allowed this exemption previously and was
noted in the Trudeau Exemption No. 11138.

As to airmanship skills, the Petitioner has been operating his UAS since March 2014 and
has over 50 hours of logged flight time. Petitioner currently fly's this UAS several hours a
month as a hobby and is very proficient and has the skills to maintain altitude, maintain
VLOS, navigate, avoid obstacles, avoid air traffic and respond to loss of control link.
Petitioner understands that he must make at least 3 takeoffs and landings within a 90-day
period for currency purposes

RULE 91.7(a) CIVIL AIRCRAFT AIRWORTHINESS
There is no current FAA regulatory standard for determining airworthiness of UAS
and there is no certificate currently available for UAS airworthiness. Petitioner seeks
an exemption from this rule by ensuring that the UAS is in an airworthy condition
based on compliance with the operating documents prior to every flight. Flight
manuals and other important documents will be kept in a location readily accessible
to the PIC at all times.

RULE 91.119(c) MINIMUM SAFE ALTITUDES
91.119 prescribes safe altitudes for the operation of civil aircraft, but it allows
helicopters to be operated at lower altitudes in certain conditions. Petitioner seeks an
exemption from this rule as Petitioner will only operate the UAS in a range from
ground level up to but not exceeding 300 feet (AGL) and will only operate in safe
areas away from the public thus providing a level of safety not available to manned
aircraft. The petitioner asserts that given the size, weight, maneuverability and speed
of the UAS, an equivalent or higher level of safety will be achieved that from
conventional manned helicopters.

Petitioner will avoid actively populated areas. These areas will be interpreted to
include areas on a FVR chart depicted in yellow and will be supplemented with
information from a Flights Standard District Office (FSDO). Petitioner intends to
operate the UAS over real estate for inspection purposes. Petitioner will not operate
over any assemblage of people in an open-air environment.

Per the exemption granted in No. 1113 8 concerning 91.119(c), Petitioner agrees to
act in strict accordance to that exemption. However, Petitioner seeks an exemption
from the rule stipulating that a UAS cannot be operated within 500 feet of a structure
without permission ofthe owner. Given the intended use Petitioner will use these

Page 7 of 10
exemptions for, which is for photography and videography of real estate for
marketing & inspection purposes, agreement from the engaging property owner or
their agent is an absolute necessity. The UAS will only be flown over properties with
this permission. However, given the housing density in certain areas in Kerrville, TX
area, maintaining a 500-foot distance from other structures even while strictly flying
over a permission granting owner's property is impossible in many instances. The
Petitioner seeks an exemption to this rule, which would allow a 50' standoff from
other structures as long as the UAS is operated completely over and within the
property boundary lines of a permission granting property owner. Petitioner agrees to
always keep privacy rights of other property owners in mind and will never engage a
UAS in any type of surveillance or spying

RULE 91.121 ALTIMETER SETTINGS
Petitioners' UAS has GPS derived altitude capabilities. The petitioner believes this
rule is not applicable to the UAS operations intended.

RULE 91.151(a) FUEL REQUIREMENTS FOR FLIGHT IN VFR CONDITIONS
Petitioner seeks relief from this rule due to the UAS being deployed is battery operated
and the requirements under this rule are not applicable. The UAV in question has First
Person Vision capabilities, which transmits certain telemetry to a monitor where the PIC
can monitor certain aspects of the flight including battery level. A typical battery for a
Phantom 2 UAS will last approximately 20-25 minutes before total exhaustion. Certain
battery level warnings are set where the PIC will know when the battery state is at 30%
and 15% remaining charge levels. This will normally allow a flight of 12- 15 minutes
with sufficient battery charge to make a safe landing. Petitioner will never begin a flight
unless a fully charged battery is used.

RULE 91.405(a) MAINTENANCE REQUIRED, 91.407(a) OPERATION AFTER
MAINTENANCE, PREVENTITIVE MAINTENANCE, REBUILDING OR
ALTERATION; 91.404(a)(2) INSPECTIONS; 91.417(a)(b) MAINTENANCE
RECORDS
Petitioner seeks relief from these rules due to it being an alternate inspection
requirement of91.409(a)(2). The Petitioner will inspect and ensure UAS is in a
condition for safe flight and adhere to all operating documents.

SUPPLEMENTAL INFORMATION
The Petitioner has provided the following information to support these requests for rule
exemptions:

    · Phantom-2-Vision-Release-Notes-en.pdf
    · Phantom-2-Vision-Quick-Start-en.pdf
    · Phantom-2-Vision-User-Manual-v1.8-en.pdf
    · Smart-Flight-Battery-Safety-Guidelines.pdf
    · Phantom-2-Vision-Pilot-Training-Guide-en.pdf
    · Copy of petitioners FAA Commercial Pilot's License
    · Copy of petitioners Driver's License (State of Texas)

Page 8 of 10
 CLOSING
 The Petitioner believes that exemption from the above listed Title 14 CFRs is
 warranted given Petitioner's background as a Commercial Pilot, the nature of the type
 ofUAS flights that will be undertaken, the size & weight of the UAS being deployed,
 the safety precautions to the general public and the NAS the Petitioner intends to
 adhere to, the positive environmental impact the flight operations would have
 compared to manned fuel consuming missions and the economic benefit the
 Petitioner's business would have in this new area of aviation.
 Thank you for your review of this matter. Please feel free to contact me at any time with
 any questions regarding this matter.

I ,_/.--. - {_ ISincerely,

  '"'L_____ ~ 52- ·'_;t 1..0-'~

Henry Clay Lehkan
705 West Main St
Kerrville, Tx 78028

 Page 9 of 10
                                                     ATTACHMENTS

    Copy of petitioners FAA Commercial Pilot's License
    Copy of petitioners Driver's License (State of Texas)

Page 10 of 10
                                                         PHANTOM 2 VISION Product Release Notes

Firmware Updates on April27, 2015

a) Flight controller firmware has been updated to v3.14.

No-Fly Zones have been updated to include a 1.2 km radius centered on the Imperial Palace and a 1 km
radius centered on the Prime Minister's Official Residence, both in Tokyo, Japan.

Firmware Updates on March 03,2015

b) Flight controller firmware has been updated to v3.12.

         New

a) No-Fly Zones have been updated to include a 25km radius centered in Washington, DC.
b) The compass calibration program has been optimized to improve reliability.
c) When automatic landing is initiated, users can now continue to control the aircraft's position and

     altitude. During this process, the maximum speed of ascent is 1 m/s.
d) After an automatic landing has been completed and the motors have stopped spinning, users can

     immediately restart the motors and begin a new flight.

           Note:

a) It is recommended that the compass be calibrated in an environment that is free from sources of
     potential interference. If you become aware of any source of potential interference, move to a
     different location and calibrate the compass again. Be aware that underground metal pipes may cause
     interference when the aircraft is close to the ground during compass calibration.

VISION App Updates on February 13, 2015

a) DJI VISION App has been updated to iOS vl.0.48, Android vl.0.58.

         New

a) An issue that caused The VISION app to crash on Android 5.0.1 devices has been fixed.
b) Bugs that were discovered in the VISION app have been removed.

©2013-2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.                                                                      1
                                                         PHANTOM 2 VISION Product Release Notes

Firmware Updates on January 30,2015 *

a) Flight controller firmware has been updated to v3.10*.
b) DJI Phantom Assistant has been updated to v3.8.
c) DJI VISION App has been updated to iOS vl.0.46, Android v1.0.56.

*The  controller firmware v3.10 has been discontinued. !ts           and

included in the v3.12

         New

a) No-Fly Zones have been updated to include a 25km radius centered in Washington, DC.
b) The iOS VISION app is compatible with iOS 8.0. The Android VISION app is compatible with Android 5.0.
c) GPS Signal Notice added to the VISION app. The VISION app will display a pop-up tip when attempting

     to takeoff without a sufficient GPS signal.
d) Rear LED indicator display has been added to the VISION app to show the aircraft's current flight status.
e) An "Upgrade Range Extender" feature has been added to the VISION app (iOS). It is now possible to use

     a mobile device's data network to access internet functions while connected to the Phantom.
f) The ability to view and download manuals and new manual notices has been added to the VISION app.
g) The latest DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ FC200 firmware fixes the issue that prevented the camera from

     starting in some cases.
h) The latest DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ FC200 firmware adds the ability to modify the filename prefix of

     photos when using the DJI SDK.
i) "Upgrade All" function added to the DJI Phantom Assistant.
j) When automatic landing is initiated, users can now continue to control the aircraft's position and

     altitude. During this process, the maximum speed of ascent is 1 m/s.
k) After an automatic landing has been completed and the motors have stopped spinning, users can

     immediately restart the motors and begin a new flight.

©2013-2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.                                                                          2
                                      PHANTOM 2 VISION Product Release Notes

Firmware Updates on Nov 28

a) Central board firmware updated to vl.0.2.10.

a) Improved the communication between the smart flight battery and the Phantom.
b) Fixed issues in communication between the smart flight battery (V2.0) and the compass.

Firmware Updates on October 31

a) DJI Smart Battery Flight firmware updated to v2.6.0.0
b) DJI Phantom Assistant updated to v3.6.

         New

a) Battery cell warning added to the VISION app that alerts users if battery issues are detected. Browse
     battery cell warning history in the VISION app.

b) New auto-discharging feature to address to address the swelling problem of fully charged battery when
     it is stored for an extended period. The auto-discharging function will start automatically if the battery
     does not operate in 10 days.

c) Battery cell damages detection feature added.
d) New battery cell balancing feature to extend battery life.

a) Update DJI Smart Flight Battery firmware to v2.6 through Phantom Assistant v3.6.
b) The new battery firmware v2.6.0.0 does not support battery with loader of vl.3.0.0 or firmware of

     vl.6.0.0.

©2013-2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.                                                       3
                            PHANTOM 2 VISION Product Release Notes

Firmware Updates on Oct 23

a) Flight controller firmware updated to v3.08.
b) Central board firmware updated to vl.0.2.7.
c) 3-axial gimbal firmware updated to vl.0.0.6.
d) DJI Phantom Assistant updated to v3.4.
e) DJI Vision App updated to iOS vl.0.43, Android vl.0.54.

a) Dynamic home point: when using a GPS-enabled mobile device and running the VISION app, the Home
      Point will automatically be reset to the location of the device every 2 seconds during flight.

b) Ability to change the Return to Home altitude added to the VISION app (ability to change this setting in
      the Assistant software remains).

c) Maximum operating area, based on remaining battery power and current settings, can now be displayed
      on the ground station map view. This area automatically expands or contracts when new flight plans are set.

d) The aircraft's current longitude and latitude will be displayed on the VISION app's radar. When using
      ground station, the longitude and latitude of each waypoint is also displayed as they are set.

e) New pre-flight checklist that reminds users of important considerations before flying added.
f) Battery cell warning added to the VISION app that alerts users if battery issues are detected. Browse

      battery cell warning history in the VISION app.
g) To address the issue offully charged battery swelled when it was stored for an extended period.
h) Battery cell damages detection feature added.
i) New battery cell balancing feature to extend battery life.
j) Maximum descent speed set to 0.6m/s when the aircraft's altitude is less than 10m and descending

      automatically (for example in failsafe mode). The maximum speed of descent remains 2m/s in other
      flight conditions.
k) Propulsion system performance enhancements.
I) German, French and Japanese language support added to the VISION app.

a) The dynamic home point is only available when using GPS-enabled mobile devices. Your aircraft will not
      be able to record a dynamic home point if you are using a mobile device without a GPS module (e.g.
      iPod).

Firmware Updates on July 29

a) Flight controller firmware updated to v3.06.                     4
b) Central board firmware updated to vl.O.l.32.
c) DJI Vision App updated to iOS vl.0.42 and Android vl.0.52.
d) Phantom 2 PC Assistant updated to v3.2.

      ©2013-2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.
                                                      PHANTOM 2 VISION Product Release Notes

a) Added two levels of battery warnings: Low Battery Level Warning and Critical Battery Level Warning.
     When enabled, Auto Go Home will be activated if the battery level reaches a Low Battery Level
     Warning. Setup these warnings using either the DJI Phantom Assistant or OJI Vision App.

b) When the battery level reaches a Critical Battery Level Warning, the aircraft will automatically land. The
      motors will power off after landing.

c) The speed of descent will be automatically adjusted based on current altitude.
d) Minimum adjustable height limit set to 20m.
e) Magnetic declination value stored to improve flight course accuracy.
f) New fix of a video signal problem that affected some Phantom 2 Vision users.
g) Various bug fixes.

a) The current battery level can now be viewed real-time through the DJI Vision App, via a battery level
      indicator bar near the top of the screen.

b) "Hotline" feature for easy access to post-sales supports.
c) "Compass Calibration" feature added.
d) "Low Battery Auto Go Home" feature added.

              2

a) Added Japanese as a supported language.

Firmware Updates on July 01

a) Central board firmware updated to: v1.0.1.31.

a) Fixed iOSD compatibility issues.

a) Ensure flight controller firmware has been updated to the latest version (v3.04) before you start to
     update the central board firmware.

Firmware Updates on June 26

a) Central board firmware updated to: v1.0.1.30.                                                               5
      ©2013-2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.
                                                          PHANTOM 2 VISION Product Release Notes

a) Fixed issue of vision+ gimbal and H3-3D shaking involuntarily when powering on.

Firmware Updates on June 24

a) DJI Vision App updated to iOS v1.0.41 and Android v1.0.50.

        New Features:

a) Ground Station support:
      · Plan missions of up to 16 waypoints.
      · "Go Home" function.
      · Flight safety protection:
            · 3.1 miles (5 km) flight distance limit.
            · Ground station disabled when battery level is below 30%.
            · 1640 feet (500 m) flight radius based on HOME point, 656 feet (200m) altitude restriction.

a) Upgrade flight controller firmware to the latest version (v3.04} by using Phantom Assistant to enable
     ground station feature.

Firmware Updates on May 21

a) Flight controller firmware updated to: v3.04.

        New

a) Stability when carrying heavy payloads improved.
b) Flight restriction database updated.

Firmware Updates on April30                                                                               6

a) Central board firmware updated to: v1.0.1.27.

        New Features:

a) Stability when carrying heavy payloads improved. Maximum descent speed restricted to 2m/s.

      ©2013-2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.
                                      PHANTOM 2 VISION Product Release Notes

Firmware Updates on April 7

a) The Phantom 2 Vision flight controller firmware has been upgraded to v3.00.
b) The central board firmware has been upgraded to v1.0.1.25.
c) Phantom2 Vision Assistant has been upgraded to v3.00.
d) The User Manual has been updated to v1.16.

         New

a) Special area flight restriction.
b) Compass data error notification.
c) Special area restriction section added in Assistant.
d) New chapter about special area restriction in the user manual.

a) Please be aware that this firmware version limits aerial systems from flying above special areas such as
     airports. For more information, please visit www.dji.com. Updating your firmware signifies you fully
     acknowledge and accept this function. OJI accepts no liability or damages or injuries incurred directly or
     indirectly from your refusal to update this firmware.

b) Ensure both flight controller and central board firmware have been updated to the latest version using
     Assistant v3.00.

Firmware Updates on Mar 26

a) The Phantom 2 Vision flight controller firmware has been upgraded to v2.00.
b) The central board firmware has been upgraded to v1.0.1.24.
c) Phantom2 Vision Assistant Software has been upgraded to v2.00.
d) User manual has been updated to v1.14.

Major New

a) Flight controller firmware now includes the Flight Limits functions, inclusive of maximum height radius limits,
     which is aimed to help users fly more safely. Max height is set at 400m and max radius is 1600m by default. The
     default parameters can be configured in the Assistant Software v2.00.

b) The max descent speed has changed to 3m/s.
c) Assistant Software v2.00 includes Flight Limits page for configuration.
d) The latest version of user guide includes descriptions of Flight Limits function.

Special Notes:

a) Ensure both flight controller and central board firmware have been updated to the latest version using
     Assistant Software v2.00.

©2013-2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.                                                                       7
                                      PHANTOM 2 VISION Product Release Notes

Firmware Updates on Feb 20

a) Phantom RC Assistant Software vl.l released with support for Mac OS X 10.6 or above. Assistant
    Software usages on Mac and Windows are exactly the same. Phantom RC vl.l has been optimized, no
     new function added.

a) When launching for the first time on Mac OS X, please open the Phantom RC Assistant Software in the
     Finder. After the first successful launch, the application can be launched by double-clicking the Phantom
     RC icon in the Finder or using Launchpad.

b) Please download the application installer in OMG format from the download page of Phantom 2 Vision
     on the OJI website.

c) The Assistant Software for Windows and Mac OS X will updated simultaneously in the future.

Firmware Updates on Jan 20

a) The OJI Vision has been updated and now can be downloaded. (iOS App: vl.0.32; Android App: vl.0.38)
b) The firmware of Phantom 2 Vision's camera FC200 has been updated to vl.l.9. Please download it

     through our website.

         New

Thank you for your patience! The latest camera firmware vl.l.9 now supports Adobe ONG RAW format
capturing. It also records the GPS location and relative altitude in the metadata of the Adobe ONG RAW
file. OJI will keep working hard on improving the quality of the RAW file and providing the best aerial
photography solution to our customers. Thank you for your constant support!

Follow the below instructions to update your firmware.

a) Download the latest camera firmware and unzip it.
b) Get a clean Micro-SD card (less than or equals to 32GB), and copy the "firmware. bin" file to the root

     folder ofthe Micro-SO card.
c) Make sure the camera is turned off, and insert the Micro-SO card into the camera before turning it on.
d) Turn on the camera.
e) The firmware update will begin automatically. A yellow flashing LED on the camera indicates that the

     camera is updating.

©2013-2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.                                                                       8
                                                          PHANTOM 2 VISION Product Release Notes

f) When the yellow flashing disappears, the firmware has been updated. After a successful update, the
     "firmware. bin" file's name will change to "firmware.bin.bakOO". This file on the card can now be
     deleted.

a) During the update, do not turn off the camera or take out the Micro-SO card. This may prevent your
     camera from switching on and will need a factory reset.

b) A fast red flashing LED on the camera after the update means the update has failed. Please try again.
c) You need to use the latest DJI Vision App (iOS App: v1.0.32; Android App: v1.0.38).

Firmware Updates on Dec 27

a) Phantom 2 Vision Assistant Software v1.08 released with support for Mac OS X 10.6(Lion) or above.
     Assistant Software usages on Mac and Windows are exactly the same.

a) When launching for the first time on Mac OS X, please open the Phantom 2 Vision Assistant Software in
     the Finder. After the first successful launch, the application can be launched by double-clicking the
     Phantom 2Visionicon in the Finder or using Launchpad.

b) Please download the application installer in DMG format from the download page of Phantom 2 Vision
     on the DJI website.

c) The Assistant Software for Windows and Mac OS X will updated simultaneously in the future.

Fi:rmwa:re Updates on Dec 19

a) The Phantom 2 Vision Autopilot's firmware has been upgraded to vl.08.
b) The Central Board firmware has been upgraded to v1.0.1.19.
c) Phantom 2 Vision and PHANTOM 2 will share the PHANTOM 2 Assistant Software, which has been

     upgraded to v1.08.
d) The User Guide has been updated to v1.08.

        New Features:

a) In a Failsafe situation, if less than 6 GPS satellites are found for more than 20 seconds, the aircraft will
     descend automatically.

b) The latest version of Central Board firmware optimizes the calculation method of battery life.

©2013-2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.  9
                                                         PHANTOM 2 VISION Product Release Notes

a) Be sure to upgrade the flight controller and central board firmware to the latest version using Assistant
    Software v1.08.

Firmware Updates on Dec 4

a) The latest version of the DJI Vision App (iOS App: v1.0.30; Android App: v1.0.34) is available on the App
     Store and Google Play. Or you can get it from http://m.dji.net/djivision.

b) The latest version of the Phantom 2 Vision Camera, FC200, is v1.1.8.

a) PAL support has been added to the camera including1080p25 and 960p25.

Follow the below instructions to update your firmware.
a) Copy the "firmware. bin" file to the root folder of your Micro-SD card.
b) Make sure the camera is turned off, and insert the Micro-SD card into the camera before turning it on.
c) Turn on the camera.
d) The firmware update will begin automatically. A yellow flashing LED on the camera indicates that the

     camera is updating.
e) When the yellow flashing disappears, the firmware has been updated. After a successful update, the

     "firmware.bin" file's name will change to "firmware.bin.bakOO". This file can now be deleted.

a) During the update, do not turn off the camera or take out the Micro-SD card. This may prevent your
     camera from switching on and will need a factory reset.

b) A fast red flashing LED on the camera after the update means the update has failed. Please try again.

Firmware Updates on Nov 2 5

Overviews:

a) The latest version of the DJI Vision App (iOS App: v1.0.29; Android App: v1.0.33) has passed both iOS
     App Store and Google Play reviews. Please go to the App Store, Google Play or visit
     http://m.dji.net/djivisionto download the latest version.

b) Adobe has released a lens profile for the DJI Phantom 2 Vision camera to remove its lens distortion.

©2013-2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.  10
                            PHANTOM 2 VISION Product Release Notes

Firmware Updates on Nov 17

a) The Phantom 2 Vision Autopilot's firmware has been upgraded to vl.05.
b) The Central Board firmware has been upgraded to vl.O.l.18.
c) The PC Assistant Software has been upgraded to vl.05.
d) The Cell Phone App has been upgraded to (iOS App: vl.0.29 Android App: vl.0.33), they are now

     under App store reviews.
e) The User Guide has been updated to vl.04.

         New

a) Professional users can use the PC Assistant Software (vl.05) to enter a /{Naza-like" Mode, enabling IOC
     and original Atti, GPS and Manual Modes. The LED flight indicator will behave like the Naza, not the
     Phantom 2 Vision. Please alert users to only enter the Naza-like Mode if they are experienced pilots as
     more and more Phantom 2 Vision users will be those with no experience of flying.

b) Contact pins may fail when the Phantom 2 Vision is still in the air, triggering an "Invalid Battery"
    warning. This causes autopilot to receive a 011 " battery level, triggering the auto-landing failsafe. After
     updating to Autopilot (v1.05) and Central Board (vl.O.l.18), the /{Invalid Battery" warning will not occur
     in-flight, even if contact pins fail. This will prevent auto-landing. Autopilot will provide warnings if
     battery voltage drops lower than 10.65V (Autopilot can track battery percentage with and without the
     contact pins). If using iOS app vl.0.29, a message box will pop up to warn that "There has been a
     battery communication failure. Please fly carefully and bring your Phantom 2 Vision back to you ASAP."

c) PS: The Phantom 2 Vision is "Ready To Fly," "Ready to Capture" and "Ready to Share" but it is still an
     aircraft. Keeping contact needles and pads clean is very important. Any dirt and dust may cause a
     communication failure.

d) 2nd Level Low Battery Warning is set to 15% instead of 20%.
e) A new level of protection is a hidden third low battery voltage in addition to the 1st and 2nd battery

     level (percentage) warnings. This uses 10.65V as its threshold. Both this voltage threshold and the 2nd
     Level Low Battery Warning will trigger auto-landing. Altitude can be maintained if necessary by pulling
     up on the throttle.)
f) Switching the 52 from upper most position to its bottom most position for at !east 5 times will reset the
     home point of Phantom 2 Vision. Definition of /{home point" is i) where the Phantom 2 Vision return to
     when control signal is lost ii) the home position which is used to calculate the horizontal distance
     between you and the aircraft which is displayed on your cell phone app. When the home point is set,
     you will see a very short period of fast green light flashing on the LED Flight Indicator.
g) The map used in the 11Find My Phantom 2 Vision" is changed to Google Map in Android App (v1.0.33).
h) Other minor bugs fixed.

Special                                                                11

a) Must use the latest PC Assistant Software (v1.05).
b) Must upgrade both Autopilot (vl.05) and Central Board (v1.0.1.18).

    ©2013-2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.
                                                         PHANTOM 2 VISION Product Release Notes

c) Before switching to Naza-like Mode, you need to update autopilot and central board first.
d) Latest Cell Phone App is under review by app stores, the only major difference will be, by using earlier

    version app, you won't get the popup message "battery communication failure". But it really doesn't
     matter that much. The review takes about 1 week.

Firmware Updates on Nov 5

a) The Phantom 2 Vision5.8GHz Receiver's firmware has been upgraded to vl.0.1.3.
b) The Phantom 2 Vision 5.8GHz Remote Controller's firmware has been upgraded to v1.0.2.22.
c) The PC Remote Controller Assistant Software has been released(vl.OO).

         New

a) The algorithm is improved so that even under CE compliant mode, the communication range of
     Remote Controller can achieve around 400 meters in open areas.

b) By using the Remote Controller's PC Assistant Software, users can calibrate the sticks and switch
     between Mode 1 and Mode 2.

c) Other minor bugs fixed.

a) Users must upgrade both ofthe Remote Controller and Receiver. Upgrading only one of them will
     result in potential communication failures.

b) The hidden USB port is located inside the Remote Controller. Follow the video guide on the Remote
     Controller.

©2013-2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.  12
14

                                                                                                                       @

                                                                                                                                                                                  10

                                                                                                          C....).

                                                                                  "0""

                                                                                                                                                                                                        L
                                                                                                                                                                                     )>
Battery Use                                              Charging the Battery

o Never use non-DJI batteries. Go to www.DJI.            o Batteries must be charged using a DJI approved
  com to purchase new batteries. DJI takes no              adapter. DJI takes no responsibility if the battery
  responsibility for any accidents caused by non-          is charged using a non-DJI charger. Never leave
  DJI batteries.                                           the battery unattended during charging. Do not
                                                           charge the battery near flammable materials or
o Never use or charge a swollen, leaky or damaged          on flammable surfaces such as carpet or wood.
  battery. If so, contact DJI or its designated dealers
  for further assistance.                                o Do not charge battery immediately after flight,
                                                           because the battery temperature may be too
o Do NOT install the battery into the battery              high. Do not charge the battery until it cools
  compartment on the Phantom when turned on.               down to near room temperature. Charging
  Turn off the battery before installing it or removing    battery outside of the temperature range of
  it from the Phantom. Never install or remove the         0°C-40°C may lead to leakage, overheating, or
  battery from the Phantom when it is turned on.           battery damage.

o The battery should be used in temperatures from        o Charge and discharge the battery completely
  -20°C to 40°C. Use of the battery above 50°C             once every 20 charge/discharge cycles.
  can lead to a fire or explosion. Use of battery          Discharge the battery until there is less than
  below -20°C can lead to permanent damage.                8% power or until it can no longer be turned
                                                           on, then recharge it to the maximum capacity.
o Do not use the battery in strong electrostatic           This power cycling procedure will optimize the
  or electromagnetic environments. Otherwise,              battery life.
  the battery control board may malfunction
  and a serious accident may happen during               Battery Storage
  flight.
                                                         o Do not leave the battery near heat sources such as
o Never disassemble or pierce the battery in any           a furnace or heater. The ideal storage temperature
  way, or the battery may catch fire or explode.
                                                          is 0°C-21 oc.
o Electrolytes in the battery are highly corrosive. If
  any electrolytes splash onto your skin or eyes,        o Keep the battery dry. Never drop the battery into
  immediately wash the affected area with fresh            water.
  running water for at least 15 minutes then see a
  doctor immediately.                                    o Do not drop, strike, impale, or manually short-
                                                           circuit the battery.
o Check the condition of the battery if it falls out
  of the Phantom. Make sure the battery is NOT           o Keep the battery away from metal objects such
  damaged or leaking before putting it back to the         as necklaces and hairpins.
  Phantom.
                                                         o Discharge the battery to 30%-50% of the battery
o Land the Phantom immediately when the                     level if it will not be used for 7 days or more. This
  low battery level warning activates in the DJI            can greatly extend the battery life.
  VISIONApp.
                                                         Battery Disposal
o Do not drop the battery into water. If the inside
  of the battery comes into contact with water,          o Dispose of the battery into specific recycling
  chemical decomposition may occur, potentially             boxes only after a complete discharge. Do
  resulting the battery catching on fire, and may           not place the battery into regular rubbish bins.
  even lead to an explosion. If the battery falls into      Strictly follow your local disposal and recycling
  water with the Phantom during flight, take it out         regulations of batteries.
  immediately and put it in a safe and open area.
  Maintain a far distance from the battery until it      o If the power on/off button of the smart battery
  is completely dry. Never use the battery again,           is disabled and the battery cannot be fully
  and dispose of the battery properly as described          discharged, please contact a professional
  in Battery Disposal below.                                battery disposal/recycling agent for further
                                                            assistance.
o Put out any battery fire using sand or a dry
  powder fire extinguisher. Never use water to put       Batterienutzung
  out a battery fire.                                    o Benutzen Sie ausschlieBiich originale DJI
  Batterien. Gehen Sie auf www.DJI.com, urn                offene Umgebung. Halten Sie groBen Abstand
  neue Batterien zu erwerben. Fur Schaden, die             zu der Batterie bis diese komplett getrocknet
  durch die Verwendung von Nicht-Originalteilen            ist. Benutzen Sie die Batterie niemals erneut
  und Zubehor entstehen, ist jedwede Haftung               und entsorgen Sie die Batterie sachgerecht,
  des Herstellers ausgeschlossen.                          wie unten in dem Kapitel Entsorgen der
· Benutzen oder Laden Sie niemals eine                     Flugbatterie beschrieben.
  angeschwollene, undichte oder beschadigte              · L6schen Sie jeden Batteriebrand mit Hilfe von
  Batterie. Kontaktieren Sie gegebenenfalls DJI            Sand oder einem Pulverloscher. L6schen Sie
  oder unsere ausgewiesenen Handler fUr weitere            einen Batteriebrand niemals mit Wasser.
  Information en.
· Setzen Sie NIEMALS die Batterie in das                 Aufiaden der Flugbatterie
  Batteriefach des Phantom ein, wahrend die              · Batterien mussen mit einem von OJI zugelassenen
  Batterie eingeschaltet ist. Schalten Sie die Batterie
  aus, bevor Sie diese in das Batteriefach einsetzen       Adapter geladen werden. OJI ubernimmt keine
  oder vom Phantom entfernen. Setzen Sie niemals           Haftung fUr Batterien, die mit einem nicht
  die Batterie ins Batteriefach ein oder entfernen         von OJ I autorisierten Ladegerat geladen
  sie, wenn diese eingeschaltet ist.                       wurden. Lassen Sie die Batterie wahrend
· Die Batterie sollte nur in einem Temperaturbereich       des Ladevorgangs niemals unbeaufsichtigt.
  von -20°C bis 40°C benutzt werden. Der Gebrauch          Laden Sie die Batterie nicht in der Nahe von
  der Batterie bei uber 50°C kann zu Feuer oder            entflammbaren Materialien oder Oberflachen
  einer Explosion fUhren. Die Verwendung bei unter         wie Teppich oder Holz.
  -20°C kann zu dauerhaften Schaden fUhren.              · Laden Sie die Batterie nicht direkt nach dem
· Verwenden Sie die Batterie nie in starken                Flug, die Temperatur der Batterie konnte zu
  elektrostatischen oder elektromagnetischen               hoch sein. Laden Sie die Batterie erst, sobald
  Umfelden. Das Batterie Control Board k6nnte              sie auf mindestens Raumtemperatur abgekuhlt
  versagen und ein schwerer Unfall wahrend des             ist. Das Laden der Batterie auBerhalb des
  Fluges passieren.
· Bauen Sie die Batterie niemals auseinander oder         Temperaturbereichs von ooc - 40°C kann zu
  durchbohren Sie diese, die Batterie konnte Feuer
  Iangen oder explodieren.                                 Auslaufen, Oberhitzen oder einem Schaden an
· Die Akkumulatorsaure in der Batterie ist stark           der Batterie fuhren.
  korrosiv. Saurespritzer im Auge oder auf der           · Laden und Entladen Sie die Batterie einmal
  Haut sofort unter frischem, laufenden Wasser aus-        vollstandig aile 20 Lade-/Entladevorgange.
  bzw. abspulen und anschlieBend sofort einen Arzt         Entladen Sie die Batterie bis auf unter 8% bis
  aufsuchen.                                               sie nicht mehr eingeschaltet werden kann,
· Oberprufen Sie den Zustand der Batterie, falls           dann laden Sie diese bis zum Maximum ihrer
  diese aus dem Phantom herausfallt. Stellen Sie           Kapazitat auf. Das beschriebene Verfahren
  sicher, dass die Batterie NICHT beschadigt ist           optimiert die Lebensdauer lhrer Batterie.
  oder auslauft, bevor Sie diese zuruck in den
  Phantom sleeken.                                       Lagerung der Flugbatterie
· Landen Sie den Phantom umgehend, sobald                · Lassen Sie die Batterie nicht in der Nahe von
  die Batteriewarnung in lhrer DJI VISION App
  erscheint.                                                Hitzequellen wie einem Ofen oder Heizkorper. Die
· Lassen Sie die Batterie niemals in Wasser
  fallen. Wenn das lnnere der Batterie mit Wasser         ideale Lagerungstemperatur liegt zwischen ooc -
  in Kontakt kommt, konnte eine chemische
  Zersetzung ausgelost werden, durch die die               21°C.
  Batterie moglicherweise Feuer fangt oder               · Die Batterie ist sauber und trocken zu lagern.
  sogar explodiert. Falls die Batterie wahrend
  des Fluges mit dem Phantom in Wasser fallt,               Lassen Sie die Batterie niemals in Wasser
  entfernen Sie diese unverzuglich aus dem                 fallen.
  Fluggerat und legen diese in eine sichere und          · Lassen Sie die Batterie nicht fallen, spieBen Sie
                                                            diese nicht auf, schlieBen Sie sie nicht manuel!
fJ                                                          kurz und wirken Sie nicht mit Gewalt auf die
                                                            Batterie ein.
                                                         · Halten Sie die Batterie fern von Metallobjekten
                                                            wie Ketten und Haarnadeln.
                                                         · Entladen Sie die Batterie bis auf 30% -50%, falls
                                                            Sie diese fUr 7 Tage oder Ianger nicht benutzen.
  Dies kann die Lebensdauer lhrer Batterie stark          yeux, rincez immediatement Ia zone affectee
  verlangern.                                             a l'eau fraiche courante pendant au mains
                                                          15 minutes puis consultez immediatement un
Entsorgung der Flugbatterie                               docteur.
· Entsorgen Sie die Battterie, nur nachdem              · Verifiez l'etat de Ia batterie si elle tombe du
                                                          Phantom. Verifiez que Ia batterie n'est PAS
  s·1e komplett entladen wurde, ·In speziellen            endommagee au suintante avant de Ia remettre
  Recycling Tannen. Werfen Sie die Batterie               dans le Phantom.
  nicht in die normale MOIItonne. Beachten              · Faites atterrir le Phantom immediatement des
  und befolgen Sie unbedingt die kommunalen               que l'alerte de faible batterie se declenche
  Entsorgungs- und Recyclingvorschriften fOr              dans I'App DJI VISION.
  Batterien.                                            · N'immergez pas Ia batterie. Si l'interieur de
· Falls der On/Off Knopf der Batterie nicht               Ia batterie entre en contact avec de l'eau une
  funktioniert und die Batterie nicht vollstandig         reaction chimique peut se produire, resultant
  entladen werden kann, kontaktieren Sie                  potentiellement en un incendie ou meme en
  bitte eine professionelle Entsorgungs-/                 !'explosion de Ia batterie. Si Ia batterie tombe
  Recyclingfirma.                                         a l'eau avec le Phantom lors d'un vol retirez-
                                                          la immediatement et mettez-la a l'abri dans
Utilisation de Ia Batterie                                un endroit securise et ouvert. Restez a bonne
· N'utilisez jamais de batterie autre que d'origine.      distance de Ia batterie jusqu'a ce qu'elle soit
                                                          entierement seche. Ne Ia reutilisez jamais et
  Rendez-vous sur www.DJI.com pour acheter                deposez-la correctement comme decrit plus
  de nouvelles batteries. La responsabilite               bas dans le paragraphe sur le Recyclage des
  de OJ I ne pourrait etre eng agee pour tout             Batteries. Eteignez une batterie en flammes
  accident resultant de !'utilisation de batteries        en utilisant du sable ou un extincteur a poudre
  non-DJI.                                                seche. N'utilisez jamais d'eau pour eteindre une
· N'utilisez ni ne chargez jamais de batterie             batterie en feu.
  deformee, qui suinte ou qui est endommagee.
  Si vous constatez un probleme contactez               Charge de Ia Batterie
  DJI ou ses revendeurs agrees pour recevoir            · Les batteries doivent etre chargees a l'aide d'un
  !'assistance necessaire.
· N'installez PAS Ia batterie dans le compartiment        chargeur approuve par DJI. La responsabilite
  du Phantom si elle est allumee. Eteignez Ia             de DJI ne peut etre engagee si Ia batterie est
  batterie avant de !'installer ou de Ia retirer du       chargee avec un autre chargeur que celui
  Phantom. N'installez ou ne retirez jamais Ia             propose par DJI. Ne laissez jamais Ia batterie
  batterie du Phantom lorsqu'il est allume.                sans surveillance durant Ia charge. Ne chargez
· La batterie peut etre utilisee sous des                  pas Ia batterie pres d'une source de chaleur,
  temperatures allant de -20°C a 40°C. Utiliser            d'un materiau inflammable au sur une surface
  Ia batterie au-dela de 50°C peut causer un               inflammable comme un tapis ou du parquet.
  incendie ou une explosion. L'utiliser en dega de      · Ne chargez pas votre batterie immediatement
  -2ooc peut causer un dommage irreparable a               apres un vol car Ia temperature pourrait etre
  Ia batterie.                                             trop elevee. Ne chargez Ia batterie que lorsque
· N'utilisez pas Ia batterie dans un environnement         celle-ci aura atteint Ia temperature ambiante.
  electrostatique ou electromagnetique important.          Charger Ia batterie hors de Ia plage de
  Sinon, l'unite de controle de Ia batterie pourrait       temperature comprise entre ooc et ooc peut
  mal fonctionner et un serieux accident pourrait          entrainer une fuite, une surchauffe ou une
  survenir pendant le vol.                                 panne de Ia batterie.
· Ne desassemblez ou ne percez jamais Ia batterie       · Chargez et dechargez completement Ia batterie
  d'aucune maniere, ou celle-ci pourrait prendre           tous les cycles de 20 charges/decharges.
  feu ou exploser.                                         Dechargez Ia batterie jusqu'a ce qu'il reste
· L'electrolyte dans Ia batterie est tres corrosif. Si     mains de 8% de charge ou jusqu'a ce que
  de !'electrolyte eclabousse VOtre peau OU VOS            Ia batterie ne puisse plus etre allumee puis
                                                           rechargez-la jusqu'a sa capacite maximale.
  Cette procedure de charge cyclique optimisera               !"g~1*1P1'.&~5'c91, .@~$C'61'T~:&~Fmt:ll:~o
  Ia duree de vie de votre batterie.
                                                            · ~.Lt~:.Z1ffoJ1JI(';j:.f.Ffii*9Xffls\::fiJ1~1;tl!1U~$!"g)JB o
Stockage des Batteries                                        S'!I!U, ~51@!"g)JB~-*.m:~t£t'Fo

· Ne laissez jamais Ia batterie pres d'une source           · !"g)i:B~~~i&f;tms;J&[;ts·t~L PD~itlt~, i~~~ o
  de chaleur comme un radiateur ou un poele.
                                                              PD~iWUt~UA.1;t$:JlJ;'§X;if~~§~~, i~:s'zJIPffli~
 La temperature ideale de stockage est de ooc
                                                              7.1<./rp)Jic~Y 15 Bt$, ft-:s'z:fiPWJt~ o
 -21°C.                                                     · ;g!"g)i:Bf;\t.1'TH'Pt~l§:, ~IJ-:1~ffl~, ~£,~!'§

· Maintenez Ia batterie bien seche. Ne l'immergez             f*!"gi!B:9~xm5'CJ:9\, x~mJ:~, 5'Ciooa~i'DJJML
  jamais dans un liquide.
                                                            · ;st,;tJLill.-\!"gmfl!t~!H~It, @g·t~~l§:ft-f$
· Ne faites pas tomber ni ne cognez Ia batterie, ne           1tt.1'T, ~t#R:~-JT!"gi!B9Xifx1!"gi!Bill1'J'3't!"g o
  Ia percez pas, ne provoquez pas volontairement
  de court-circuit sur Ia batterie.                         · iw~~~!"g)JB)~A7.1<.$sxA~~~iffilo !"g)JB~~~f~
                                                              fii~~U7.1<.t6'iJJfl~~a~Bfll*&m:, sl.:5t!"gi!BEit?&,
· Gardez Ia batterie eloignee de petits objets                m:~PJfl~51.6l:t£t1= o Po5f!:!"g)JBtE Phantom t.1T

 metalliques tels que des epingles acheveux, des               11f.¥$9X;~'8·t~/5t r:-~:9~~.-\7.1<.$, i~:s'z:fiPtlZ:
                                                               ::Jj!"gi!Bm~~]![T-~~8~7H@IX±~, ~Bj@~
  trombones, des petits bijoux.                                ~!"g)JB.§[~!"g)JB%~B5(=fo B5(=f8~!"g)JB/f1~~
                                                               /J-:f~m, 82:i~J~~~;zts::>Z:8~m~:Di!~~:!IH~o
· Dechargez Ia batterie aux alentours de 30%-50%
                                                            · ;g!"g)JB.6Z:~@-*., W::s'z:fiPWffl "~,1~t9<)()!" ,
  de son niveau de charge si vous ne l'utilisez pas
   pendant une semaine ou plus. Ceci augmentera                ~~m~~E:X;~~§X;=fffi9<-*.Hill1TY<)(o
   de maniere consequente Ia duree de vie de                   F~ffl7.1<.*Y<-*o
  votre batterie.
                                                            rtft!
Recyclage des Batteries                                     · ~fl~!"gi!B£,~!Q~m DJJ m:T.Jmf:tl:s~~mft:!"g~

· Mettez votre batterie dans une boite de recyclage           9X;$W;J't!"gHill1'J'J't!"go xi-Tf~ffl~i= DJI '§:$
  adaptee uniquement apres l'avoir completement
   dechargee. Ne mettez pas votre batterie avec                t~ftta~J't!"gHill1TJ't!"gJ'JT@JJX;a~-tJJ.f§W:, OJ I
   les ordures menageres. Suivez scrupuleusement
   les consignes locales precises en matiere de                ~~/f'T~~o
   recyclage des piles et batteries.
                                                            · i~'iii~J't!"g11f.¥U~JJ.6Z:~~:9~ o J't!"gBji~~~!"g
· Si le bouton ON/OFF de Ia batterie intelligente             itBfDJ't!"gHJ]:Iz:]![f:E7J<.iJB±i:Blill~fflii3ID5'C~ ~1'!.{, PI
   est inoperant et que Ia batterie ne peut etre
   completement dechargee, veuillez s'il vous plait            ~'7'!.l~a~±i:Blill 0
   contacter un Professionnel du recyclage afin
   d'obtenir !'assistance necessaire.                       · ~.Lt1'±lS1'T~t.1'Tga:W:J§', :s'z:~Uxt!"gi!Bill1'Tft:

oom                                                            !"go~~' !"g~~T~~~~.~~~!"g~~

· rm:~~m~I=:*~I'§:T.Jmf:tl:8~!"g)i:Bo Po~~~.                  !"gii:B*®@:JJtf!EmJ:91~ o ~J.)(1~!"gi!B~'*~~iBll.,
                                                              ~xj!"g)i:Bill1'J'~!"go I!1J!a~J't!"gi:f±~ ( 0-40'C )
   i~~U*~~g~~i~ 0 ~1~m~J=:7di'§:DtllH:tl:a~                   PJ::*:~lil~~~!"gi!Ba~f~m*® o
   !"gii:Brmslaa~!"g;t!3$t:ll:, t.frt:ll:~l. *~;11J,'t::r:
                                                             ·!"g~C@11~~~J'tm!"g.f6,~~ill1T-~
·F~~m·m~,·a~,m···~!"g~o
   PD~l:,Z_tJ~/5ta~, i~I!H=i;:;k:~I§X;if~=t§i:i:Ef-t          %~s~m!"gfDJ't!"g11f.¥ ( ~~!"g;!B~ill'§!"g, P.tf6

  I~~1t~ill-2V:iz.H! o                                         m!"g~!"g~73B%U"""F§X;!"g~EI~~~.~3't
· 1'±~~!"g)tJ3~-9Xi:IMtt±H::t.1'J'Hz~, i~1*M'
                                                              )ll'§!"g) Uf*iiE!"g)i£I1'!=1±~1i~*:~o
   !"g)tJ3S~!"g)mi"~J~o -@~fr!"g~!"g)mi":J:JffS~~~
                                                            iilf¥
  l', Mtfffi!"g~o
· !"g)JB@:f:E~)Bl\73 -20'C~ 40'C2JEiJ1~fflo )Bll.~           ·~J.t~!"g~mtt:aili~~~~:D. ~~*~

    11~, ~51@!"g)tJ3~)l(, m:~J:liWJ=o )Bl\~11{J!,             9Xt.JD!'MPo ~fl~E§.ii:B8~±!1J!a~f*ff:)Bll.§!73 0-
                                                              21'C o
   !"g)i:B*Il'P~~iUFmJ:~~ o                                  · ff:J]:Iz:!"g)JBB~I:fi~@f*M'=f#,L i~~~~!"g)JB]![T-
· ~.Lt1'±~$ij!jt!"g§X;ifM1:l~Ff~$1~ffl!"g)tBo S'!I!U,
                                                                7J<$9Xi:IPJfl~~iJffi7.1<.8~±i:B:D 0

                                                             · ~.Lt1'JL1iEM~i$!"g)JB, WJ±, ~)§:, J\73~§~,
                                                               i!1U5.F!"gi!B o

                                                             · ~.Lt~~!"g)i£.1:3~~I!QtJi, .6Z:*9Xif~ftB~~~
                                                               f;t-@m:ff:9Xili$ilt o

                                                             · ~117 7::/ff~ffl!"g)JB, i~~~!"g)JBJ]:Iz:!"g~ 30%-
                                                               50% !"gmff:JJ:\1:, PI**~~!"gii:Bs~f~m*ll'P o
~~                                                              m}E90PJ~iH®~*~ffifii=f:i,;J~~fJ\
o %-£,i~<ElimftJJJiJJ9:~1tll§, ::ti~<Elimi!B':.m:iE
                                                               7l<i<=%-Js tc:ij)J-§-, @iS[<:::~~~~ L. -r~~:I:{Q
  ~ltl~~~-~oltl~~~~~~~.F-·                                      l"~J:iL.-r< t2<:5l\o *ZriL.tc~5ili~~f!Jffl
  ·~··~~mom*e~.~-~~~ltl~
  ~~:\l:fD~ii'aJi~Wi:tiJI\l o                                   90L.C:~·L::*9o*·O)R.1J$T~~
o~ftl~~~ltl~H**~~~$~~~~~
                                                                L. l < t215l \0
*It!, i~~i~"l3;m:mt~~m~"13im~~:~~:r§, Jnzij~
     1¥.fr<Elit8~~:\I:~'PJft~itt-±J;-aJ:tzH~ 0                o~~iJ\#;;J<L.~S, @~~*E§T~V<L.c<

~ff.l                                                           t215l\o 7_k('O))~;k~)Mltc( t2<:5l\o

o ~I= DJI ?f~0)~5ili~{~ffl90 L. (:: [<::J: -::>c#;            Jt~~t:'?G'"L
  ±9 0$"/0(:[j: DJI1±-tJJO)~{J::~~lY*iifvo
                                                              ; ~'~ DJI ?f0)7c~E§Q'Zl \[j:fl--T--1' -:/ -v T
o ~~JJElj:~, f~-:5l\tc~5ili~{~ffl90L.(::fJ\·
                                                                7c~ L. c < t215l \o ~I= DJI ?±ffiH* L.tc7c~E§
  L::*9o l::.B2L.tc'bO)fj\}E:=!:_LJc:l:~-§-, DJI ?±
  Q~Zl \[J:~JJ\j'GO){~~fcl:i* T t:::'it~ < t215l \o            ru1u~~ffl90L.C:T~L.-::>~$~t:£,

o~~O)~~M~~~~~L.O)M~,~~~~                                        [j:-t)JO)~{J::~~ l \*it fvo

 ~;:;f7[C: L.c ( t2<:5l\o ~5@:~;:;f/[C: L.tc*                 <o n~$0)7t~~*iR~;%i<=~&B L. -r t215L \o

  *(", j:c~{'J=L.I'd:l\('( tc15l\o                              7c~B~, PJ1?.'t\*1JJO)J::.[<::@.il'1d:l \T ( t2<:5l \o
                                                              0 ffii'jtJ\~;b-:) tdfz, ~5-\Q[j: * tc.~;~~*!t~O);f.lh
o~~~~m-w~~s~~O)MT~mL.-r
                                                                 7c~L.clJ:l\[f*iilvo ~){QO)~$tJ'~J'l:·L.
  ( t2<:5l\o 5~M;IJ'\~( 1d:0(::, ;}<$~51~/IT,
                                                               o*9o J:it!~0)7c~5~MlJ: ~ 40 MT9 o
   L.L.*9o~(1d:0(::, ~~O)~$fJ\m·L.
                                                              o~~0)~~~~~~~~90~, W~7c~L.
  *9o
o ssL \~~~~*tdJ:~~~jfJIT,c 0I~~T0)~51Q                          tdfz, -~7'I;~i)5(~ L. l < t215l \0

  O){~ffl~·ll::_ L.*9o 1\·y T 1) -{:iR~¥;J;,&O)               f:~tg~t:"':)L""L
  ;JitJb]\~l \, ffii''JE§0)"/0(:~~[<::: -:Ji'd: ;1}0 PJtl~ti  o}f;~~O)~(l"~fflL.~~,~~L.~~L.t:
  jJ'\Cffj f) *9o
o l \il'1d:01J5!T~5ili~~~{Lis:9 0 L. (:: [;!:. L:: *            l\T< t215L\o 0- 21~0)~~l"O){:iR~~f!£
  9o V<:fi~m#;$"/O<:fJ\#;±90~~C:#Sn
  *9o                                                           ~L.*9o
o ~5ilirJ'l1l~O)iW{Lis:lJ:ff,\\'~t1tJ'55Rl \T9 o iW{Lis:tJ'
  ;~n0C:, i?Jin-r<t2<:5L\o &:lii~Eil<=J\-::>                  0 ~~L.tc~~C'O){:iR~L.c( t215l\o 7_1<$~
  tc:ij)J-§-, 9 ('' [<::: 15 51.L)l::.7J<T57tl\)Jjt L., ~       7_ki~nO):ij)Jpffl<=@.il'1d:L \T ( t2<:5l \o
  ~il'l<=12SgiPO)~~~~rt-r < t2<:5L \0
                                                              o 1\';;7-1)-l<=ilr~J:Jo;ttcf), ~%13:-tttcf), A
o ffii''Ji=f:ii<=~5ilitJ'~%L.tcS, ~{~ffl90Mi<=                  ~s~rc::,; :::~- ~ <:5itctc f) L.t:L \(" < t2<:5L \0
   ~~O)~MfJ\JJEl~L.~~£5~~~~L.-r<
                                                              o iimM?n{Lis:Q'ZL \[J:ii:~ 7-7 -t-IJ 1) - (:: -MH<={:iR
  t215l \0
o ffii''Ji=f:il<={!f~~?-5-LtJ'I'd:fJ*L.tc:S, 9                  ~ L.tc f)~~ L.tc f) L.l'd:l \("( t2<:5l \o

   <''~~:tilir<=:®-!liL.-r, ~~~x~90il'7c~                     o {~ffl L.t:l \MFs~lJ: 7 ElFs~~/m;t0:1:~-§-lJ:I \'Y 'T
                                                                1)-5!~~3 0%-5 0%0)~*!'llf:i<=90L.(::l"
  L. l < t215l \0                                               I \'Y 'T 1) -O)~"Bff~@;J;'9 L. (::;6\P}tj~T9o
o ~5ili~7l<l<=J\n1d:l\l"( t2<:5l\o ~5ili17'1J1~[J:
                                                              6Bl~iHt:"':)L""L
  7l<b'J\0 C:{t:.~&}ft;tJ'IIT,c f), EI~#;V< L. -r
                                                              0 1\>;J'j-1)-[j:{[:,~~\iliO)~, ~Bi'-90(::~[;!:;}<

                                                                W.O)~~(::t: s l'd:l \J: 5 [<:::, 7'(;~[C:i)5(~~i''J
                                                                -::>Til'S~Bi'·L.c( t2<:5l\o ~Bi'-1J5!lJ:~I
                                                                 1)70)~1JIJ~"'F-::>c( t2<:5l\o
                                                              o 1b 7- 1) -0)~5@:0)"/0(:~~[<:::J: \01J5(~T~1d:l
                                                                :t~-§-rJ:@JJ&$'i:lrc:A.n ~rc:, *113'-rc:Jt~0)5 ;t
                                                                iEL. ( ~I~~i'J-::>c ( t2<:5l\o
                                                                                                Basic Flight Operations
                                                                                                +t Forward Direction (Indicates Front Side)

                                                                                                ""' ~ ':)~'(.

                                                                                                -¥
                                                                                                @)                                   ~

                                                                                                '\';,:~

                                                                ··-------·· Wi-FiSigM!lm!kato~                            Ld!;Siick
                                                 · J , _ _ _ _ P~wer!ndi~tor
                                                                                                \li~
                                                                          Re""'t 8\Jtt<)n       ~
Powar Switd'l --------------------,i,;W!ii~:&------ Micro-U&B

                                                                                                                                     - LEDflightlnclk;~tors

ComHHI!PowerSI"!tch
               Mlero--SD
PHANTOM 2 VISION

 QUICK START GUIDE                                                                  ~                                                                                                    P':HONE HOLDER & RANGE
                                                                                           ATTACHING THE PROPELLERS                                                                             EXTENDER
~
          Scan QR Code to Watch the Quick Start Video                                      > Remove the four warning cards from the motors.                                                       >- lnstai! the Philips screws as shown to correctly £~ttach
         or browse direct to                                                                > Screw the pmpel!ers, clockwise for grey nuts and anti-clockwise                                         the Phone Holder.
          www.dji.com/phantom2vision/training
                                                                                                for black nuts, onto the four IT~otors. Be sure to match the
                      Preparing to fly                                                          black propeller nuts with the black dot motors.

                      How to connect to the                                              A ATTENTtON\ DO NOT use thresd locio; on the propeU&r :ohafts.
                     DJI VISION App
                                                                                            J                                                                                            Jjr
                      The basics of flying,
                      recording and sharing                                         P':WITCHING ON THE RANGE                                                                                    PREPARING THE CAMERA
     A AITENT!ON: For SAFETY reasons: t.!nd for further ffigffi                            EXTENDER
                                                                                                                                                                                                  > Make sure the switch is on the 'Wi·Fi ON" position.
            irutruction, it is advised that you watch the videos above                       > Before fiying, be sure to switch on the RMge E)(tender,                                            ,. Insert a micro SD card.
            in full before at.tempting to us~ the Phantom.
                                                                                            ;). ATTENTION: lf the power indicator on the Range Extender                                              1--;e~o·
P":"REPARING THE REMOTE                                                                          displays rad, it means that there is LOW BATJHlV power
      CONTROLLER                                                                                 and needs to be recharged. To avoid this in the future, it is                                                                                           W"ION
                                                                                                suggested that you charge the Rang.a Extender fuUy before                                                                                                                 Came~ Statu;;lodi<:ator
        > Be sure Sl and S2 are switched to the upper most position.
        > lr1stall 4 x AA batteries into the back of the Remote                                                                                                            LowBattery ·         LED FLIGHT INDICATORS
                                                                                                                                                                         ~--~,
             ControHer.                                                                                                                                                                           Jo S!ow green flashing indicates. ready lo fly with GPS.
                                                                                                                                                         W<-Fi S:go·llodimoq '
     A AITENT!ON: A continuous besplrrg sound emilted from the                                                                                                                                   > S!ow yellow flashing indicates ready to fly without GPS.
                                                                                                                                                                     Power lndb1tor
            Remote Controller indicates LOW BATTERY VOLTAGE.                                                                                                                                      ,. Fast ye!!ow flashing indicates your Remote Controlier
                                                                                                           Powo<S:!fjj                                                                               is switched off.
P':sTALLING THE DJI
       VISION APP                                                                                                                                            US8 Chllrging Port                    > Fast red flashing indicates low flight battary l;wel.

        > To install the DJI VISiON App onto your mobile phone,                     ,~~~~:URNING THE FLIGHT                                                                                      > Please relarto t.:,!l card attach~ t-o the Remote Controller
            either downtoad from the Apple App Store or the Goog!e                                                                                                                                   far mar~ details.
           Play Store.                                                                     BATTERY ON/OFF

       > Vol: can a!so usa the QR Code below to scan and download.                          > Press the drcular button once, then press and hold for 2
        > Once !nsta!led,.start the App and register.                                           secords to turn on the flight battery.

                                                                                             > Press the circular button once, then press and hold for 2
                                                                                                seconds to tum off the flight battery.

                                                                                         A ATTENTION: Pre~ing the circular button once with no

                                                                                                 further action will indicate current BATIERY LEVEL

~ONNECTING TO THE                                                                   pr                                                                                                   ~EGINNING YOUR FIRST
       CAMERA                                                                                                                                                                                   FLIGHT
                                                                                           CALIBRATING THE COMPASS                                                                               > Start by p!ac:ng the Phantom 2 Vision on the ground with the
        > First .iW:teh on the Range E;~;tendm before al;tivating                                                                                                                                       Bntt!.lry Life lndic!lto· lights f~cing yoU·$e!f.
             tha Pharttom 2 V;s;on.                                                        > Rapidiy flip the Sl switch fro on the ·fully up · to the 'fully down'                              > Switcrt on t!'>e Remote Control!er.
              Be sure Wi-Fi or. your mobile device- is zwit~:hed on.                                                                                                                             >- Turnonth.aflighthattery.
                                                                                                       positio.m.forat!eastlO"Ii··H~s.                                                           > If you wish :o usa your mobile phone. be wre thflt you are
              Conrwct to t!-)a SSID PhantomJXXXXX, wh1ch slmuld appear                       '> Once the LED Flight !ndic11ton; d-:r.~nga to display solld ye:iow, tha                                  eonnected to tha Phantom 2 Vision vla tha App.
              irt yo~.<r Wi-F1 signa f.~ list appro:t. 30 !leconds (lfter both the                                                                                                               > Pu!! both sticks on me ren1ote conllo!lar to bottom c:orrv~rs a~
             Range Extender and Phantom 2 Visbn are powered on.                                  C<Jmpas~ c111ibratkm modi'! has been initiated.                                                        slwwn to start/stop the motors.
                                                                                            > Holding the Phantom horizonta!!y, rotate it 360" on ;ts eenter                                      > Sti'lnflying.
      A ATTEt·triON: AlWAYS ccnnact to the SSID Phantcm)XXXXX.                                                                                                                                 A ATIENTIQN, ONLY stoo tha motor~
                                                                                                 a:ocis :m\11 the LED Fllght indicators switch tc ~o!id green.                                          after th~ Phantom 2 VisiOn has !and«!,
              FC200~0XXXXX fs the SSID of the Camera and SHOUlD NOT                         >- Then whiie hoiding the Phantom vertically, rotate 360~ on its                                            DO NOT stop tha mmots during fligbrl
                beeor.nect<!.tlto.
                                                                                                  centH axi~ until the LED F:igl"lt Indicators light disappears.                                           Start/Stop Motors

                                                                                         A ATTENT!ON, !f the LED Flight Indicators flash between yellow and

                                                                                                  rlld, then the proce~ has FAILED. You <m~s~ start"""~ al'lci repeat
                                                                                                 the previows: $teps until the pr<.~e~s: is &ue<:<:!ss.fu!.

-~
    ·

rin*M sn..;;
PH NT

User Manual V1.8

January, 2015 Revision

Congratulations on purchasing your new DJI product. Please thoroughly read the entire contents of this manual to
fully use and understand the product.

It is advised that you regularly check the PHANTOM 2 VISION 's product page at www.dji.com which is

updated on a regular basis. This will provide services such as product information, technical updates and manual
corrections. Due to any unforeseen changes or product upgrades, the information contained within this manual is
subject to change without notice.
If you have any questions or concerns regarding your product, please contact your dealer or DJI Customer Service.
'f'2015 DJL Ali Rights Reserved,
Index

INDEX........................................................................................................................................................................................................2
IN THE BOX............................................................................................................................................................................................4
SYMBOL LEGEND................................................................................................................................................................................4
WATCH THE QUICK START VIDEOS..............................................................................................................................................5
DOWNLOADING THE DJI VISION APP .........................................................................................................................................5
1ATTACHING THE PROPELLERS ....................................................................................................................................................6

    1.11NTRODUCTION .····..··......·...·..............·...............................··........·.·..........·....·..·.··.··..·.............··..·...........··.......·..·....·........·.·......................... 6
    1.2ASSEMBLY .....................·.·...····....·..···········......·.....·.·........·.·...........·...........................·.·.......................·..·.·..·.........·...·........·...·.....·.·..··..····..·. 6
    1.3 REMOVING THE PROPELLERS..................................................................................................................................................................... 6
    1.4 NOTES ............................................................................................................................................................................................................6

21NSTALLING THE RANGE EXTENDER AND MOBILE DEVICE HOLDER..........................................................................?

    2.11NSTALLING THE RANGE EXTENDER ......................................................................................................................................................... 7
    2.21NSTALLING THE MOBILE DEVICE HOLDER .....................·..·...................···.......···..·.·..·······...·...···.·.........···.··........·...·............................. 7

3 PREPARING THE REMOTE CONTROLLER ...............................................................................................................................8

    3.1 THE REMOTE CONTROLLER....................................................................................................................................................................... 8
    3.2 POWER ON THE REMOTE CONTROLLER ................................................................................................................................................ 8

   3.3 REMOTE CONTROLLER POWER INDICATOR STATUS INFORMATION ··....·.·.....·.....·.·.........................................................·...........·.. 9

    3.4 ANTENNA 0RIENTATION .........................................................................................................................................................................10
    3.5 REMOTE CONTROLLER OPERATION ..................................................................................................................................................... 10
    3.6 LINK BETWEEN THE REMOTE CONTROLLER AND RECEIVER .......................·.....·.···....................................··.....··..··..·..·...............·..··.ll

      Link Procedures ......................................................................................................................................................................................... 72
      Link Indicator .............................................................................................................................................................................................. 72

    3.7 COMPLIANCE VERSION CONFIGURATION .....·......................................·.......·......·.........···..·......···...·........·.·.........................................12

4 PREPARING THE RANGE EXTENDER.......................................................................................................................................14

    4.1 THE RANGE EXTENDER ...·········..·................··.··........................................................·................·.....·...................·.·.............·.................···..14
    4.2 FUNCTION DESCRIPTION ...··.....·............··..............··.................................·....................................·.....................·..............................·.....14
    4.3 POWERING ON THE RANGE EXTENDER .................................................................................................................................................15

   4.4 How TO BIND THE CAMERA & RANGE EXTENDER .......··.·.··.............··....··......·.................................................................·................15
5 PREPARING THE CAMERA...........................................................................................................................................................18

    5.1 THE BUILT-IN CAMERA ....··.............···......···...........··.·..........·...···.........·......................................................................··..........··.....·.·...··.....·18
    5.2 MAIN FUNCTIONS ..·................................................··...·.........·...................··......·······.........···......···................................·...........................18
    5.3 UPGRADING THE FIRMWARE OF CAMERA...........................................................·...........·.....·.·.·..·..··.................................................. 20

6 DOWNLOADING AND INSTALLING THE DJI VISION APP................................................................................................ 21

    6.1 DOWNLOAD AND INSTALL....·.·.·.............·.··.···...........··............................................·.................................................·...............................21

   6.2 REGISTER & LOGIN ....................................................................................................................................................................................21
7 PREPARING THE FLIGHT BATTERY.........................................................................................................................................23

    7.11NTELLIGENT BATTERY AND CHARGER INSTRUCTIONS ..................·.·.·...........·....·......·......................................................·..·.............23
    7.2 CHARGING PROCEDURES ..........···..........·..............................·.......................·........·..........·......·...··........···.·.·....·....·....···...................·....·23
    7.31NSTALL THE BATTERY ..............................................................................................................................................................................24
    7.4 BATTERY USAGE........................................................................................................................................................................................24

      Description of the Battery Level lndicator......................................................................................................................................24

    7.5 CORRECT BATTERY USAGE NOTES·......................................................·...........·.....·........·.···.·.·.·.·...·....···.····...·.....·.........··........·.....··...25

8 PHANTOM 2 AIRCRAFT ...............................................................................................................................................................26

    8.1 THE AIRCRAFT ............................................................................................................................................................................................26
    8.2 BUllT-IN FLIGHT CONTROL SYSTEM INSTRUCTIONS .......................·....··....................................·..........·.............................·.............26

·c;2015 Djl. All Rights Reserved.
    8.3 LED FLIGHT INDICATORS DESCRIPTION ..............·....··...·····................·.·............................·.................................................·.·.·...........26

9 CONNECTING TO THE CAMERA.............................................................................................................................................28

    9.1 CAMERA CONNECTION PROCEDURES ..................................................................................................................................................28

10 CALIBRATING THE COMPASS.................................................................................................................................................30

    10.1 CALIBRATION WARNINGS ...........·........·..·........·..................................................................................·.....·.·.·............................·.·........ 30
    10.2 CALIBRATION PROCEDURES ................................................................................................................................................................ 30
    10.3 WHEN RECALIBRATION Is REQUIRED ................................................................................................................................................30

11 FLIGHT................................................................................................................................................................................................31

    11.1 FLYING ENVIRONMENT REQUIREMENTS ·.........·.........·................·.........................·...·.·..................··.··..·.·...·...............................·..........31
    11.2 STARTING/STOPPING THE MOTORS ...·......................·..·.......·.......·.............·.··..........................................................................·............31
    11.3 TAKEOFF/LANDING PROCEDURES.·...·.·.·.......··.................................................................................................·.......··..............·............31
    11.4 FAILSAFE FUNCTION ................................................................................................................................................................................32

      Home Point.................................................................................................................................................................................................33
      Dynamic Home Point...............................................................................................................................................................................33
      Go Home Procedures.............................................................................................................................................................................33
      Regaining Control During Failsafe Procedure ..............................................................................................................................34
      Failsafe on the DJI VISION App.........................................................................................................................................................34

    11.5 Low BATIERY LEVEL WARNING FUNCTION .·......·............................·.........·................·....··...........·....·...........·...··....·........................34

      Low Battery Level Warning on the DJI VISION App .................................................................................................................36

    11.6 FLIGHT LIMITS...........................................................··.·.·.··.....···....··.····.......···.·.·...............·.·.....................·.............·...............·.................36

      1l6.1 Max Height & Radius Limits.......................................................................................................................................................37
      ll6.2 Flight Limits ofSpecial Areas...................................................................................................................................................38
      ll6.3 Conditions of Flight Limits....................................................................................................................................................... 40
      ll6.4 Disclaimer.........................................................................................................................................................................................41
12 USING DJI VISION APP ...............................................................................................................................................................42

    12.1 DJI VISION APP MAIN MENU ..............................................................................................................................................................42
    12.2 CAMERA PAGE .........................................................................................................................................................................................42

      Basic Use......................................................................................................................................................................................................42
      Camera Settings...................................................................................................................................................................................... 46

    12.3 ALBUM PAGE ....................·..........................·..........·.··.···.......·...........·.·.....··.·.......·....·.·........................................................................... 49

      Camera SD CARD Album..................................................................................................................................................................... 49
      Mobile Device Album............................................................................................................................................................................. 50

    12.4 NEWS PAGE ..··.·....··..··.·..·.......................·...................................................·.··....·.·.....·...·...........·..·......·....·.........··...·...··..·..........·.............51
    12.5 SETTINGS PAGE........·.................·......·....··.......·.............................·............··.·.....................................................................·.......·............52
    12.6 GROUND STATION ...................................................................................................................................................................................55

      12.6.1 Ground Station GUI.....................................................................................................................................................................56
      12.6.2 Using Ground Station .................................................................................................................................................................58
13 ASSISTANT INSTALLATION AND CONFIGURATION.........................................................................................................61

    13.11NSTALLING DRIVER AND PHANTOM 2 VISION ASSISTANT .........··............··...............·.................·..·.·.·.·....····.............................61
    13.2 USING THE PHANTOM 2 VISION ASSISTANT ON A PC....·....·.....·.·......·...........·.....·......................·..·..........................................62
    13.3 FIRMWARE UPGRADE OF THE PHANTOM 2 VISION ...............................................·...............·....·............·....................·............63
    13.4 PHANTOM RC ASSISTANT DESCRIPTION ..............................·....·....·......................··..................................................................... 64

14 TROUBLESHOOTING (FAQ)......................................................................................................................................................66
15 APPENDIX........................................................................................................................................................................................69

    LED FLIGHT INDICATOR STATUS ..................................................................................................................................................................69
    SPECIFICATIONS ..............................................................................................................................................................................................70

I©2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved. 3
                                     5.8GHz Remote Controller Xl  Range Extender Xl

            Propeller Pair X4        Mobile Device Holder Xl

            Intelligent Battery Xl   Charger Xl                   Cables Xl

             ~1lo01i

                 Plug Set Xl              Screw X12                         Screwdriver X1

                       ~             Accessories Box Xl            /
                      CD]
                                     ~                            ~Tip Reference
                ~
                                             Caution
            Assistant Wrench Xl

I~'- - - -  li
I

 Symbol Legend

   0 Forbidden(lmportant)

 I©2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved. 4
Watch the Quick Start Videos

This user manual details installation and usage procedures of the product. In addition, we provide a range of quick
start videos. It is advised that you watch them fully before attempting to use the product.

!Approach 1 Direct link.                www.dji.com/phantom-2-vision/training

                                                       Preparing for flight.             Ap~

                I                                      How to coooect to the DJI VISION

IAppmooh 2 ·s~o the QR code to get the                                                               I

                                      . I!J"-j:-- <I.~--------4------------------------------------4
                                     I II1!1 .
                                                       The basics of flying, recording and sharing.

Downloading the DJI VISION App

Before attempting to use the product, please download and install the DJI VISION App. Get the DJI VISION App

according to the following methods.

            Download from the App store iOS user Search "DJI VISION" from App Store.

Approach 1

            or Google Play.             Android user Search "DJI VISION" from Google Play.

Approach 2 Scan the QR code to get the  ~-1!1~1!1       Scan and download.                           I
                    download link.
                                        1!1.. ..       I                                             I

I©2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved. 5
1 Attaching the Propellers

Please use the original 9-inch propellers which are classified by the color of each central nut. Damaged propellers
can be replaced by purchasing new ones if necessary.

rl.l~ln~tr~o~d~uc-t-io-n------.-------------------

1 Propellers                                 Grey Nut (9450)                               Black Nut (9450 R)

l:iagram                                                                                       r~.,,                I

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 1

                                    Attach to the motor thread that does Attach to the motor thread that has a 1

Assembly Location                   not have a black dot.         black dot.

Fastening/Un-fastening                     Lock: Tighten the propeller in this direction.
Instructions
                                           Unlock: Remove the propeller in this direction.

1.2 Assembly
  l. (Fig.l) Remove the four warning cards from the motors after you read them.
  2. (Fig.2) Prepare the two grey nut propellers and two black nut propellers. Make sure to match the black nut
          propellers with the correctly marked black dot motors. Tighten the propellers according to the fastening
          instructions.

                    Fig.l                                  Fig.2                            Fig.3

1.3 Removing the Propellers
(Fig.3) Keep the motor deadlocked in place with the assistant wrench (or one hand) and remove the propeller

according to the un-fastening instructions.

1.4 Notes           Propellers are self tightening during flight. DO NOT use any thread locker on the threads.
               (l)

          (2) Make sure to match the propeller nut colors with the corresponding motors.

          (3) It is advised to wear protective gloves during propeller assembly and removal.

          (4) Check that the propellers and motors are installed correctly and firmly before every flight.

          (5) Check that all propellers are in good condition before flight. DO NOT use any ageing, chipped,

                    or broken propellers.

          (6) To avoid injury, STAND CLEAR of and DO NOT touch the propellers or motors when they are

                    spinning.

          (7) ONLY use original DJI propellers for a better and safer flight experience.

I©2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved. 6
2 Installing the Range Extender and Mobile Device Holder

2.1 Installing the Range Extender
  1. Adjust the range extender to align with the mounting bracket installed on the carrying handle.
  2. Tighten the lock-screw to affix the range extender on the right side of the carrying handle.
              (1) Make sure the assembly orientation is correct with the LED side facing you.
                (2) To obtain better communication, try to keep the range extender facing the aircraft during flight.

                                                                                                                Lock Screw

2.2 Installing the Mobile Device Holder
  1. Tighten the Philips screws as shown to correctly attach the mobile device holder on the left side of the
          carrying handle.
  2. Affix the mobile device sideways within the holder.
               (1) Make sure the assembly orientation is correct. The mobile device should be facing you when
                          mounted.
                (2) It is recommended not to use oversized mobile devices (e.g. iPad), which cannot be placed into
                          the Mobile Device Holder.

I©2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved. 7
3 Preparing the Remote Controller

  The PHANTOM 2 VISION remote controller is a wireless communication device that uses the 5.8GHz frequency
  band. It is compliant with CE and FCC (see the FCC ID) regulations and is set to Mode 2 before delivery. The
  compliance version can be configured by twisting the potentiometer knob on the back of the remote controller.
  The stick configuration can also be reset in the PHANTOM RC Assistant. Refer to the PHANTOM RC Assistant
  and the Compliance Version Configuration (Page 12) for details.

(l) CE compliant devices have an effective communication range of 300 meters in open spaces due
         to power limitations. Be sure to watch your fight distance as the PHANTOM 2 VISION will enter
         Failsafe mode (auto-landing or go home and land) if it flies beyond this range.

(2) FCC compliant devices have an effective range of 500 meters in open spaces. Be sure to watch
         your fight distance as the PHANTOM 2 VISION will enter Failsafe mode (auto-landing or go
         home and land) if it flies beyond this range.

(3) Pay attention to and follow local laws and regulations.

3.1 The Remote Controller

                                                         [1] Antenna

[1]--                                                    [2] Carrying Handle
                                                         [3] Switch S1

[2]                                                      [4]  Switch S2 (Reserved)
                                                         [5]
      J3 [4]-- -@)!      (j[)       ! @l-  [3] J2             Joystick(J1: Roll [left & right], J2: Pitch [front & back])
                                                         [6]  Joystick(J3: Throttle [up & down], J4: Yaw [rotation])
~J4+!+[6]                      ~-          [5l+!+Jl
                               ~                         [7]  Neck Strap Attachment
              [7]- --··                               ·       Power Switch
                                                         [8]  Power Indicator
[8] I_ 0) ?__
                                                         [9]
[9]\--- .

                                                         [10] Battery Compartment (On the back)

3.2 Power on the Remote Controller

  l. Install the four AA Batteries (not included) into the battery compartment on the back of the remote
          controller according to the negative and positive poles.

  2. Set the S1 and S2 switches to the upper most position (position-1, refer to the Remote Controller Operation
          (Page 10) for details) and ensure both joysticks are at the mid-point position. Then toggle on the power switch.

  3. There will be a power on indicator beep. If the remote controller is set to be CE compliant, then there will
          be one beep, while the FCC compliant version will emit two beeps. The power indicator blinks green

I©2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved. 8
quickly indicating the remote controller and receiver is linking. Once fully linked, the power indicator will
change to a solid green.

(l) If the low voltage warning alert sounds (refer to the Remote Controller Power Indicator Status
          Information (Page 9)), please replace batteries as soon as possible.

(2) Using the incorrect type of battery may prevent a risk of damage.
(3) Remove the batteries after use and dispose of them safely.
(4) For long term storage, be sure to remove the batteries from the remote controller.

3.3 Remote Controller Power Indicator Status Information

Power indicator Sound                                                    Remote Controller State
                                       Functioning normally.
           None                        Establishing a link between the remote controller and the receiver.
                                       Low voltage (at 3.9V-4.5V), should replace the batteries immediately.
······     None                        Low voltage (lower than 3.9V). The remote controller will automatically
                                       power off. Batteries should be replaced immediately.
····       B-B-B......
······                              II The remote controller will display a blinking green light and sound an
        II                             alarm after 15 minutes without operator input. The alarm status will

        I  BBBB                     j disappear once you start operation of the remote controller.

· · · · B-B-B......

The remote controller will blink the LED and sound an alert when the voltage drops below 3.9V and
automatically power off after 3 seconds. This process will repeat even if you power cycle the remote
controller. If this low voltage warning occurs during flight, the remote controller will automatically
power off causing the aircraft to enter Failsafe mode, which cannot be interrupted (refer to the
Failsafe Function (Page 32) for details). It is strongly recommended to replace batteries if the
3.9V-4.5V low voltage warning occurs.

I©2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved. 9
3.4 Antenna Orientation

  Try to keep the antenna pointing skyward, perpendicular to the ground, in order to achieve the maximum
  communication range during flight.

                                            The remote controller's antenna should be
                                            pointing skyward with no obstacles in the way.
                                            Otherwise, the Failsafe function may initialize
                                            prematurely during flight.
                                            The Mobile Device and Range Extender should
                                            not block the antenna.

3.5 Remote Controller Operation

Definitions
The 'stick neutral' positions and 'stick released' mean the control sticks of the remote controller are placed at

the central position.
To 'move the stick' means that the stick of remote controller is pushed away from the central position.

TRemote Controller            Aircraft                                Operation details
         I          (.Ill nose direction )
(Mode2)                                     The throttle stick controls aircraft altitude/elevation.
                                            Push the stick up and the aircraft will rise.
                                            Pull the stick down and the aircraft will descend.
                                            The aircraft will automatically hover and hold its height
                                            if the sticks are centered.
                                            Push the throttle stick above the centered (mid-point)
                                            position to make the aircraft take-off. When flying, we
                                            suggest that you push the throttle stick slowly to
                                            prevent the aircraft from sudden and unexpected
                                            elevation changes.

I©2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved. 10
                                    The yaw stick controls the aircraft rudder.

                                    clock-wise.
                                    Push the stick right and the aircraft will rotate
                                    clock-wise. If the stick is centered, the aircraft will
                                    remain facing the same direction.
                                    The yaw stick controls the rotating angular velocity of
                                    the aircraft. Pushing the stick further away from center
                                    results in a faster aircraft rotation velocity.
                                    The pitch stick controls the aircraft's front & back tilt.
                                    Push the stick up and the aircraft will tilt and fly
                                    forward.
                                    Pull the stick down and the aircraft will tilt and fly
                                    backward. The aircraft will keep level and straight if the
                                    stick is centered.
                                     Pushing or pulling the stick further away from center
                                    will result in a larger tilt angle (maximum of 35 ·) and
                                    faster flight velocity.
                                    The roll stick controls the aircraft's left & right tilt.
                                     Push the stick left and the aircraft will tilt and fly left.
                                     Push the stick right and the aircraft will tilt and fly right.
                                  1 The aircraft will keep level and straight if the stick is
                                     centered.
                                     Pushing the stick further away from center will result in
                                     a larger tilt angle (maximum of 35·) and faster flight
                                     velocity.

:,f,(i_,93;;)  ,... -~-,          Sl is for compass calibration. Toggle the Sl from
                                  position-] to position-3 and back to position-] at least
               II                 6-10 times, which will force the aircraft to enter into
                                  compass calibration mode.
               \\..:

                '--"

Position-1 Position-2 Position-3

              (1) For ' Ready to Fly' the aircraft will hover (hold a stable horizontal position) when all sticks are
                           released.

                (2) For 'Ready to Fly (non-GPS)' the aircraft will keep the aircraft level without horizontal
                           positioning when all sticks are released.

3.6 Link between the Remote Controller and Receiver

There is a 5.8G receiver in the PHANTOM 2 VISION, with the link button and indicator located on the bottom of
the aircraft as illustrated in the following diagram.

I©2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved. 11
The link between the remote controller and aircraft is already established for you so you can initially skip this
procedure. If you ever replace the remote controller, re-establishing the link is required.

                                                    Link Button &
                                                    Link Indicator

Link Procedures
  1. Power off the remote controller, power on the aircraft. You will see the link indicator blinking red.
  2. Press the link button with a thin object and hold until the link indicator blinks yellow. Release the link
          button.
  3. Power on the remote controller and the link indicator should switch off. This indicates that the link has
          been successfully established.

Link Indicator       IDescription                                                     Operation                   l
                                                    Switch on the remote controller or perform a link procedure.
I Link Indicator   INo signal received.
                                                 I                       Switch on the remote controller.
 ·····
                  i IIn link status.

3.7 Compliance Version Configuration

The compliance version can be reconfigured by twisting the potentiometer knob (See the following diagram) on the
back of the remote controller using a flathead screwdriver. For CE compliance, set the remote controller to CE
compliance by carefully turning the potentiometer knob to the full counter clock-wise position. For FCC compliance,
set the remote controller to FCC compliance by carefully turning the potentiometer knob to the full clock-wise
position. Users should follow their local regulations accordingly.

I©2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved. 12
                                                                            CE FCC

              When adjusting the potentiometer knob to its limit position, be very careful to prevent damaging the
              potentiometer knob. Do not apply too much force during this adjustment. Also be sure to use the
              correct sized screwdriver.
              (1) It is recommended to use a flathead screwdriver of <I> 2.4mm for adjustment.
              (2) You can use the DJI screwdriver with the flathead for adjustment.
              (3) There is another potentiometer reserved.

I©2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved. 13
4 Preparing the Range Extender

  The PHANTOM 2 VISION range extender is a wireless communication device that operates within the 2.4 GHz
  frequency band and is used for extending the effective range of communication between a mobile device
  (Smartphone) and the PHANTOM 2 VISION. In an open unobstructed area, the transmission distance can reach
  up to 300 meters, but is usually affected by the surrounding environment, such as trees, buildings and other
  sources of the same frequency. Before every flight, it is suggested that you ensure the range extender functions
  properly. Otherwise you may experience a communication issue with the mobile device and the PHANTOM 2
  VISION.
  Each range extender has a unique MAC address and network name (SSID), details of which are printed on the
  back label as 'Phantom_xxxxxx '. The 'xxxxxx' represents the last six letters or numbers of the MAC address
  for the range extender.

4.1 The Range Extender

      Front View                     Right View     I[1] Wi-Fi Signal Indicator

                                                    [2] Power Indicator

                                                    [3] Lock-screw
                                                    [4] Reset Button
                                                    [5] Power Switch
                                                    [6] Micro-USB
                                                    [7] Mounting Bracket

4.2 Function Description
[1] Wi-Fi Signal Indicator (SYSTEM)

Tells you the system status of the range extender.

                II                                                                                               l

Wi-Fi Signal Indicator Description

eeee  ! The range extender system is working normally.
~--------------·----Ir-1L_O_f_f ______________L_T_h_e_r_a_n_ge__e_x_te_n_d_e_r_s_ys_t_e_m_i_s_w_o_r_ki_n_g_a_b_n_o_rm__a_lly_.____________________________
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       ~

[2] Power Indicator (POWER)                                                                                         I

     Tells you the power status of the range extender.

  Power Indicator Description

                          ' The range extender is working normally or completely charged.

I

                                  Low voltage alert, a re-charge is required.

                           The range extender is charging (allow for 3-4 hours, depending on USB power output).

I©2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved. 14
               (l) Make sure to charge the range extender completely before using it for the first time.
                (2) If the power indicator is a solid red light, the ranger extender may stop working at any moment.

                           Recharge it as soon as possible.
                (3) It is recommended to charge the range extender completely before each use.
                (4) Turn off the range extender after every use.
                (5) Keep the range extender facing the aircraft during flight for the best communication link.

[3] Lock-screw
     For attaching the range extender on the right side of the remote controller's carrying handle.

[4] Reset Button:
     Press to link the range extender and the camera.

[5] Power Switch:
     ON - Power on.
     OFF - Power off.

[6] Micro-USB
     Used to charge the range extender.

[7] Mounting Bracket

     It has been pre-installed on the remote controller's handle. It is used to attach the range extender.

4.3 Powering. on the Range Extender

  l. Toggle the power switch of range extender to ON position.

  2. Wait for approximately 30 seconds. The Wi-Fi signal indicator should blink green indicating the range
          extender is communicating properly.

   ~ It is advised that you power off the range extender after every flight to avoid discharging the battery.

4.4 How to Bind the Camera &Range Extender

If the camera and range extender connection is lost, or one of them needs to be repaired or replaced, a camera and
range extender binding will need to be performed via the DJI VISION App.

I©2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved. 15
                       Reset Button

1. Power on the camera and range extender. Note: (Place the camera power switch to the 'WIFI ON'

position).

2. Approximately 30 seconds later, press the reset button on the range extender with a thin object until the

Wi-Fi signal indicator turns off. The range extender will then restart automatically.

3. Approximately 30 seconds later, the Wi-Fi signal indicator should start to blink green, which indicates the

range extender is now ready to be bound.

4. Find and select the Phantom_xxxxxx via the Wi-Fi list on the mobile device to connect the range extender.

5. (Fig.l) Run the DJI VISION App->Settings->Generai->Binding. (Fig.2) Select 'Scan the QR Code' to scan

the camera QR code on the product packaging. (Fig.3) Get the camera SSID (E.g. FC200_0xxxxx) and the

aMAC address, select the tick        on the top right corner. The range extender should automatically

restart. The binding procedure is now complete.

+.          Settings                             +. Binding   "'

G£NERAt                                          SSJD
Auto Flips                                       MAC Address

low Battery Warning

Tutorial

Clear News Cache

OTHER                                            [ t~eScan QR Code
Account
Rate                                                  Fig.2 ( QR code is only for example. )
About

                Fig.l

I©2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved. 16
                                     .., Binding  V'

                                     SSID
                                     MAC Address

                                                                              Scan the QR Code

                                                                   Fig.3
(l) If both the camera and range extender are powered on and working normally, you will be able to

         find the SSID on the Wi-Fi list of the mobile device.
(2) DO NOT push the reset button of the range extender unless you are ready to rebind the range

         extender and the camera! This will unbind your camera and you must follow the steps above to
         rebind.
(3) The QR code is located on the packaging of the PHANTOM 2 VISION. If you cannot find the QR
         code, please contact DJ I customer service to receive the QR code related to your camera's
         serial number.

I©2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved. 17
5 Preparing the Camera            [1] Lens
                                  [2] Camera Power Switch
5.1 The built-in camera           [3] Micro-SD Card Slot
                                  [4] Camera Status Indicator
       [1]                        [5] Camera Cable
                                  [6] Capture/Record Button

[2] [4]

[3] [5]
[6]

Camera Features  Specifications                                                                 --
Resolution       14 Megapixels
FOV
                 12o·111o· 1 as·

  Sensor size      1/2.3"                                                                       __j

   Functions     I Supports multi-capture, continuous capture and timed capture
1
                    Supports HD Record1ng (l080p30/1080i60)

                                      Supports both RAW and JPEG photo formats

                 ---------~----------------"------------------------------------~

5.2 Main Functions

[1] Lens

     For viewing and photographing, with main parameters of f/2.8 , FOV 120·.
     Please remove the lens cover when the camera is in use and replace the cover for storage.

[2] Camera Power Switch (on the back of the camera)
     Used to power the camera on and off.
     OFF- Powered off.
     CAM ON - Power on, Wi-Fi off.
     WIFI ON -Power and Wi-Fi are both on. Make sure to switch to 'WIFI ON' and the range extender is powered
     on if using the DJI VISION App.

I©2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved. 18
[3] Micro-SO Card Slot (on the back of the camera)
     Make sure that the Micro-SO card is inserted before you take any photos or record any videos.
               (l) Maximum supported Micro-SO card capacity is 32GB.
               (2) The DJI VISION App may not be able to read the Micro-SO card prepared by the user. It is
                         suggested that you use the DJI VISION App to format the Micro-SO card when first used in the
                         camera.
                (3) Refer to the Camera Settings (Page 46) for Micro-SO card formatting details.

[4] Camera Indicator (on the back of the camera)

The Camera Indicator is used to inform the user of the working status of the camera.

  Camera indicator                                   I Wi-Fi  I Camera status
                                                        OFF
k·.Solid                                                ON       Power On; Idle State
       Slow Bnok (Q2, oo, 1.8' orn
                                                                 Idle State

   · Fast Blink (O.ls on, 0.3s off)                  ON Synchronizing photos and videos
          Solid
                                                     OFF      Recording
· Blink Once (0.2s on, 0.3s off)
· Blink 3 Times(O.ls on, O.ls off)                   ON/OFF Taking a single capture
·· Fast Blink (O.ls on, 0.3s off)
                                                     ON/OFF Taking 3 or 5 photos per shot
   · · (0.2s green, 1.8s orange)
           Solid                     -

I                                                    ON/OFF Firmware Upgrading

· Slow Blink (0.2s on, 1.8s off)                     ON Recording
I · Blink Once (0.2s on, 0.3s off)
· Blink 3 Times(O.ls on, O.ls off)                   ON/OFF Critical error
·· Fast Blink (O.ls on, 0.3s off)
                                                     ON/OFF   CMOS sensor error
                                                     ON/OFF
                                                     ON/OFF   _________Operation failed
                                                                                                     ,

                                                              Mkm-SD Coed eccoc                                        I

                                                     ION/OFF Upgrade error

· · · (0.5s green, 0.5s orange, 0.5s red, 0.5s Off)  ON/OFF Camera has overheated

                When camera temperature rises above 80°C, the LED indicator will blink · · · . The camera will
                automatically power off if the temperature rises above 85°(.

(5] Camera Cable (on the back of the camera)
     Make sure that the camera cable is firmly attached to the camera before powering the camera on.

[6] Capture/Record Button (on the bottom of the camera)
     Capture function: Press the button once (less than 2 seconds) to take a single capture.
     Record function: Press the button once (greater than 2 seconds) to begin recording. Press once again to stop.

I©2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved. 19
5.3 Upgrading the Firmware of Camera
Follow the below instructions to update your firmware.

  l. Download the latest firmware of camera from DJI website.
  2. Copy the "firmware.bin" file to the root folder of your tvlicro-SD card.
  3. Insert the SD card into the camera before turning it on.
  4. Turn on the camera.
  5. The firmware update will begin automatically. A yellow flashing LED indicates that the camera is updating.
  6. When the yellow flashing disappears, the firmware has been updated. After a successful update, the

          "firmware.bin" file's name will change to "firmware.bin.bakOO". This file can now be deleted.
               (l) During the update, do not turn off the camera or take out the tvlicro-SD card. This may prevent
                         your camera from switching on and will need a factory reset.
                (2) A fast red flashing LED after the update means the update has failed. Please try again.
                (3) For the vl.1.8 version of the PHANTOM 2 VISION Camera, PAL support has been added to the
                         camera including 1080p25 and 960p25.

I©2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved. 20
