July 23, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12123
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­1589

Mr. Joseph R. Heidelberg
Rise Above Images LLC
6401 Lakerun Court
Hamilton, OH 45011

Dear Mr. Heidelberg:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated May 3, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of Rise Above Images LLC (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption. The
petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct aerial
videography and photography.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a DJI Phantom II Vision Plus.

In accordance with the statutory criteria provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in
reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited
operating area associated with the aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation
has determined that this aircraft meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA
                                                                                             2

finds that relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts,
Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing

requirements of part 36, is not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Rise Above Images LLC is granted an exemption from
14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c),
91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to
the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Rise Above Images LLC is hereafter referred to as the operator.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                                                 3

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom II
         Vision Plus when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed
         operations of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this
         exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
         must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
         documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
         Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
         limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
         the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
         Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
         documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
         operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
                                                                                                            4

    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
                                                                                                            5

    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.
                                                                                                               6

   23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
       any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
       PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
       These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
       official upon request.

   24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
       activities at all times.

   25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

   26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
       persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
          a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
             from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
             that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
             where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
             the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
             of nonparticipating persons; and
          b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
             for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
             the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
             present an undue hazard.

       The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
       nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

   27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
       permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
       Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
       obtained for each flight to be conducted.

   28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
       boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
       to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
       reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
       contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

   29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
       as documented in this grant of exemption.
                                                                                                                 7

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.

This exemption terminates on July 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,
/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
liPage

IN THE MATTER OF THE PETITION FOR
EXEMPTION OF:
RISE ABOVE IMAGES LLC. FOR AN EXEMPTION
SEEKING RELIEF FROM THE REQUIRMENTS OF
TITLE 14 OF THE CODE OF FEDERAL REGULATIONS
SECTIONS 61.113 (a) and (b); 91.7 (a); 91.119 (c); 91.121;
91.151 (a); 91.405 (a); 91.407 (a) (1); 91.409 (a) (1) and (2);
91.417 (a) and (b)

Submitted on 5/3/2015 By,Joseph R. Heidelberg
Rise Above Images LLC. (513) 319---6147

Rise Above Images LLC. 6401lakerun Ct. Hamilton, OH. 45011 {513)-319-6147
Table of Contents: Page 2
Summary: Page 2
Introduction to Petitioner: Page 3
The UAV Phantom II Vision Plus: Page 3
Basis for Petition: Page 4
Name and Address of Petitioner: Page 4
The Specific Sections of 14 C.F.R.....: Page 5~6
The Extent Of Relief That Rise Above Images LLC Seeks: Page 7~8
The Reasons Why Granting Rise Above Images LLC.....Page 8~9
The Reason Why Granting The Exemption Would Not Adversely Affect Safety...: Page 9
Additional Information: Page 9
Summary to be Published in Federal Register: Page lO
Conclusion: Page 10
Exhibit "A"~ Safety Checklist

Rise Above Images LLC. 6401lakerun Ct. Hamilton, OH. 45011 (513)-319-6147
SUMMARY

RISE ABOVE IMAGES LLC, which is Doing Business As (DBA) Rise Above Images, seeks exemptions from
Title 14, Code of Federal Regulations§§ 61.113 (a) and (b), 91.7 (a), 91.119, 91.121, 91.151 (a), 91.405
(a), 91.407 (a)(1), 91.409 (a)(1) and (2), 91.417 (a) and (b) to operate a DJI PHANTOM II VISION PLUS
UAS. This exemption will allow Rise Above Images LLC to operate an Unmanned Aerial Vehicle
commercially for the purpose of conducting aerial videography and photography in the real estate and
construction markets of the Greater Cincinnati Region. These images and videos will provide community
awareness and geospatial understanding.

INTRODUCTION TO PETITIONER

Rise Above Images LLC, is a real estate videography and photography company specializing in producing
high quality results for clients who want digital displays of MLS listings. RISE ABOVE IMAGES LLC seeks
relief to use a Phantom II Vision Plus Vision Plus quad-copter to commercially capture video of listings
while working on private property. RISE ABOVE IMAGES LLC will utilize a Visual Observer (V.O.) while
maintaining Visual Line of Sight (V.l.O.S.) between the quad-copter and a UAVoperator who will have a
current private pilots license.

The UAV PHANTOM II VISION PLUS

The DJI Phantom II Vision Plus is a quad-rotor Unmanned Aircraft System (UAS) weighing less than 3
pounds. The Phantom II Vision Plus UAS that RISE ABOVE IMAGES LLC will be responsible for also utilizes
a mobile ground station. The UAS features a safety Return to Home function that in the event of a signal
loss, the UAS will return to a preset position and land. The Return to Home feature can also be triggered
manually. PHANTOM 2 uses a 2.4GHz RC system. To avoid communication interference, RISE ABOVE
IMAGES LLC will not use other 2.4GHz devices (including 2.4G Wi-Fi or 2.4G wireless video transmission
module) except the 2.4G Bluetooth and 2.4G Datalink. The Phantom II Vision Plus can fly at
approximately 30kts. Rise Above Productions has no need to operate at a speed greater than 10kts. The
Phantom II Vision Plus is powered by a single Lipo battery. This battery gives the Phantom II Vision Plus
an approximate 15 minutes worth of flight time with its attached payload of a 14 mega pixel camera and
the associated gimbal that connects the camera to the quad-copter.

Rise Above Images LLC. 6401 Lakerun Ct. Hamilton, OH. 45011 (513)-319-6147
41Page

BASIS FOR PETITION

RISE ABOVE IMAGES LLC pursuant to the provisions of the Federal Aviation Regulations (14 C.F.R. §
11.61) and the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012, Section 333, Special Rules for Certain
Unmanned Aircraft Systems, hereby petitions the Administrator to operate the DJI PHANTOM II VISION
PLUS UAS within the National Airspace System, and for an exemption from the requirements of 14 C.F.R.
§§ 61.113 (a) and (b), 91.7 (a), 91.119, 91.121, 91.151 (a), 91.405 (a), 91.407 (a)(l), 91.409 (a)(1) and (2),
91.417 (a) and (b).
A. Name and Address of The Petitioner RISE ABOVE IMAGES LLC. Joe Heidelberg 6401lakerun Ct.
Hamilton, OH. 45011

Rise Above Images LLC. 6401lakerun Ct. Hamilton, OH. 45011 (513)-319-6147
SJPage

B. RISE ABOVE IMAGES LLC Requests Relief from the Following Sections
of 14 C.F.R.

1. Sections 61.113, entitled Private pilot privileges and limitations: Pilot in Command, Subsections (a)
and (b) prescribed the following, in part:

(a) No person who holds a private pilot certificate may act as a pilot in command (PIC) of an aircraft that
is carrying passengers or property for compensation or hire; nor may that person, for compensation or
hire, act as PIC of an aircraft. (b) A private pilot may, for compensation or hire, act as PIC of an aircraft in
connection with any business or employment if- (1) The flight is only incidental to that business or
employment and (2) The aircraft does not carry passengers or property for compensation or hire.

2. Section 91.7, entitled Civil airworthiness, subsection (a), states the following: (a) No person may
operate a civil aircraft unless it is in an airworthy condition.

3. Section 91.119, entitled Minimum Safe Altitudes: General Except when necessary for takeoff or
landing, no person may operate an aircraft below the following altitudes: (a) Anywhere, An altitude
allowing, if a power unit fails, an emergency landing without undue hazard to persons or property on
the surface. (b) Over congested areas. An altitude of 1000 feet above the highest obstacle within a
horizontal radius of 2000 feet of the aircraft. (c) Over other than congested areas. An altitude of 500
feet above the surface, except over open water or sparsely populated areas. In those cases, the aircraft
may not be operated closer than 500 feet to any person, vessel, vehicle or structure. (d) Helicopters,
powered parachutes, and weight-shift-control aircraft. If the operation is conducted without hazard to
persons or property on the surface-

(1) A helicopter may be operated at less than the minimums prescribed in paragraph (b) or (c) of this
section, provided each person operating the helicopter complies with any routes or altitudes specifically
prescribed for helicopters by the FAA; and (2) A powered parachute or weight-Shift-Control aircraft may
be operated at less than the minimums prescribed in paragraph © of this section.

4. Section 91.121, entitled Altimeter Settings, subsection (a), states the following, in relevant part: (a)
Each person operating an aircraft shall maintain the cruising altitude of flight level of that aircraft, as the
case may be, by reference to an altimeter that is set, when operating- (1) Below 18,000 feet MSL, to-
(i) The current reported altimeter setting of a station along the route and within 100 nautical miles of
the aircraft; (ii) If there is not station within the area prescribed in paragraph (a)(1)(i) of this section, the
current reported altimeter setting of an appropriate available station; or (iii) In the case of an aircraft
not equipped with a radio, the elevation of the departure airport or an appropriate altimeter setting
available before departure;

5. Section 91.151, entitled Fuel requirements forflight in VFR conditions, subsection (b), states the
following: (b) No person may begin a flight in a rotorcraft under VFR conditions unless (considering wind
and forecast weather conditions) there is enough fuel to fly to the first point of intended landing and,
assuming normal cruising speed, to fly after that for at least 20 minutes.

6. Section 91.405, entitled Maintenance required, subsection (a) stated the following: Each Owner or
Operator of an Aircraft- (a) Shall have that aircraft inspected as prescribed in subpart E of this part and

Rise Above Images LLC. 6401 Lakerun Ct. Hamilton, OH. 45011 (513)-319-6147
6IPage

shall between required inspection, except as provided in paragraph (c) of this section, have

discrepancies repaired as prescribed in part 43 of this chapter.

7. Section 91.407(a)(1), entitled Operation after maintenance, preventive maintenance, rebuilding, or
alteration, subsections (a)(1}, states the following: (a) No person may operate any aircraft that has
undergone maintenance, preventive maintenance, rebuilding, or alteration unless- (1) It has been
approved for return to service by a person authorized under §43.7 ofthis chapter.

8. Section 91.409, entitled Inspections, subsection (a), states the following: (a) Except as provided in

paragraph (c) of this section, no person may operate an aircraft unless, within the preceding 12 calendar

months, it has had- (1) An annual inspection in accordance with part 43 of this chapter and has been
approved for return to service by a person authorized by § 43.7 of this chapter; or (2) An inspection for
the issuance of an airworthiness certificate in accordance with part 21 of this chapter.

9. Section 91.417, entitled Maintenance Records, subsections (a) and (b), state the following: (a} Except
for work performed in accordance with §§ 91.411 and 91.413, each registered owner or operator shall
keep the following records for the periods specified in paragraph (b) of this section:

(1) Records of the maintenance, preventive maintenance, and alteration and records of the 100-hour,
annual, progressive, and other required or approved inspections, as appropriate, for each aircraft

(including the airframe) and each engine, propeller, rotor, and appliance of an aircraft. The records must

include-

(i} A description (or reference to data acceptable to the Administrator) or the work performed; and (ii)
The date of completion of the work performed; and (iii) The signature, and certificate number of the
person approving the aircraft for return to service (2) Records containing the following information:

(i} The total time in service of the airframe, each engine, each propeller, and each rotor. (ii) The current

status of life-limited parts of each airframe, engine, propeller, rotor, and appliance. (iii) The time since

last overhaul of all items installed on the aircraft which are required to be overhauled on a specified
time basis. (iv} The current inspection status of the aircraft, including the time since the last inspection
required by the inspection program under which the aircraft and its appliances are maintained. (v) The
current status of applicable airworthiness directives (AD} and safety directives including, for each, the
method of compliance, the AD or safety directive number and revision date. If the AD or safety directive
involves recurring action, the time and date when the net action is required. (vi) Copies of the forms
prescribed by§ 43.9(d) of this chapter for each major alteration to the airframe and currently installed

engines, rotors, propellers, and appliances. a. The Owner or operator shall retain the following records

for the periods prescribed: (1) The records specified in paragraph (a}(1) of this section shall be retained
until the work is repeated or superseded by other work or for 1 year after the work is performed. (2} The
records specified in paragraph (a)(2) of this sections shall be retained and transferred with the aircraft at
the time the aircraft is sold. (3} A list of defects furnished to a registered owner or operator under§
43.11 of this chapter shall be retained until the defects are repaired and the aircraft is approved for
return to service.

Rise Above Images LLC. 6401 Lakerun Ct. Hamilton, OH. 45011 (513}-319-6147
7J D~ ·a·-co ;e

C. The Extent Of Relief That RISE ABOVE IMAGES LLC. Seeks

1. Extent of Relief that Rise Above Images LLC Seeks Regarding Section 61.113 (a) and (b) Private Pilot
Privileges and Limitations Relieffrom Section 61.113 (a) and (b) is requested to allow a Pilot in
Command holding a current Private Pilots Certificate to operate the Rise Above Images Phantom II
Vision Plus. The flight would be complimented by a Visual Observer who, along with the pilot, will
maintain Visual Line of Sight with the Phantom II Vision Plus at all times. All operations conducted will be
incidental to Rise Above's business. The Phantom II Vision Plus is not able to carry passengers.

2. Extent of Relief that Rise Above Images seeks in Regards to Section 91.7(a) Civil Aircraft Airworthiness
Relief from Section 91.7(a) is requested to allow Rise Above Images to determine airworthiness of the
Phantom II Vision Plus. As part of this determination the following will be adhered to:

a. Prior to the Phantom II Vision Plus's flight the PIC will inspect the UA to ensure it is in a condition that
will be conducive for a safe flight. The ground control station will be included in the above inspection. b.
Rise Above Images will follow the DJI Phantom II Vision Plus's aircraft/component, maintenance,
overhaul, replacement, inspection and life limit requirements. c. Rise Above Images will comply with all
DJI manufacturer Safety Bulletins.

3. Extent of Relief that Rise Above Images seeks in Regards to Section 91.119 Minimum Safe Altitudes
General Relief from 91.119 is requested to allow Rise Above Images to operate the Phantom II Vision
Plus at altitudes not to exceed 400' AGL over private property at a distance at or greater than SNM from
the nearest airport as depicted on current Aeronautical Charts. Rise Above Images also wishes to be
granted exemption to operate at an altitude not greater than 50' AGL (below tree level) between 1NM
and SNM from the nearest airport as depicted on current Aeronautical Charts.

Rise Above Images will adhere to the following in order to maintain an acceptable level of safety
associated with operations over private property:

(a) Rise Above Images will display signs in the immediate vicinity of operations stating: "Aerial
Photography In Progress. Use Caution." (b) Rise Above Images will not allow the Phantom II Vision Plus
to operate at a speed greater than 10kts. (c) Rise Above Images will require the UAS operator (PIC) to
be fully trained on the Phantom II Vision Plus by adhering to the recommendations contained within the
Phantom II Vision Plus's operating manual. (d) Rise Above Images UAS operator (PIC) will have
accumulated and logged, in a manner consistent with 14 CFR 61.51(b), a minimum of 25 hours of total
time as a UAS rotorcraft pilot including at least 10 hours logged as a UAS pilot with a multi-rotor UAS. In
addition the operator will have logged a minimum of 5 hours as a UAS pilot operating the make and
model UAS that Rise Above Images operates. (e) Rise Above's UAS operator (PIC) will be familiar with
and able to manually institute the Phantom II Vision Plus's Return to Home (RTH) feature. This feature
aborts a flight operation and automatically returns the UAS to a predetermined GPS safe point. (f) Rise
Above's UAS operator (PIC) will not operate over private property without first finding a suitable
alternate landing spot on the property. (g) Rise Above's UAS operator (PIC) will abort the flight in the
event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies in accordance with the operating documents.

Rise Above Images LLC. 6401 Lakerun Ct. Hamilton, OH. 45011 (513)-319-6147
SIPage

(h) Rise Above Images will utilize a two man flight team consisting of the Pilot in Command (PIC) and a
Visual Observer (VO). This team will maintain visual line of sight with the Phantom II Vision Plus at all
times and remain within hearing of one another. (i) Rise Above Images will not permit flight around
vessels, vehicles and structures without permission from the owner.

4. Extent of Relief that Rise Above Images Seeks in Regards to Section 91.121 Altimeter Settings Relief
from 91.121 is requested because the Phantom II Vision Plus utilizes electronic GPS with a barometric
sensor. In order to maintain an equal level of safety that 91.121 requires, the PIC of the Rise Above
Images UAS will abort the flight in the events that the UA loses communications with the GPS signal.

5. Extent of Relief that Rise Above Images Seeks in Regards to Section 91.151(b) Fuel Requirements for
Flight in VFR Conditions

Relief from 91.151(b) is requested to the extent that allows Rise Above Images to operate the Phantom
II Vision Plus up to a point (considering wind and forecast weather conditions) that there is enough
power to fly at normal cruising speed to the intended landing point and land the UA with 30% battery
power remaining.

6. Extent of Relief that Rise Above Images Seeks in Regards to Sections 91.40S(a), 91.407(a)(1),
91.409(a)(1), and (a)(2), 91.417(a) and (b) These are all associated a with Airworthiness certificate

Relief from 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), and (a)(2), And 91.417(a) and (b) is requested to the extent that
allows Rise Above Images to operate the Phantom II Vision Plus Quad-Copter as necessary. These
sections are all related to airworthiness certificates of aircraft. There is not currently an airworthiness
certificate for small UAS's. Rise Above Images would comply in full to any conditions and limitations that
the Administrator would place in order to receive an approved Grant of Exemption.

D. THE REASONS WHY GRANTING THE EXEMPTION WOULD BE IN THE
PUBLICS INTEREST

1) Aerial photography lends a unique perspective to the viewer. The angles of capture show areas that
are not able to be seen by an earthbound photographer. This type of photography has been used for
some time by real estate agencies and construction firms. Unfortunately though, it is often cost
prohibitive for small business. The expensive fees demanded by traditional aerial photography outfits
has often given large firms an advantage. With a Grant of Exemption from the Administrator, Rise Above
Images can be of immense benefit to small business by providing affordable aerial photography.

2) The granted use of aerial photography by Rise Above Images would assist the public by allowing them
to form a geospatial perspective and academic understanding of the area surrounding the subject of
their interests. This would certainly help the clients of Rise Above Images garner business and therefor
would directly have a positive effect upon the economy.

3) The risk associated with UAS aerial photography is less than the risk associated with traditional aerial
photography. The UAS that Rise Above's incorporates weighs less than 31bs. This UAS is also fueled by a
single battery. The amount of damage that may occur in the event of an incident or accident is
substantially less than that which may occur in the event of an incident or accident involving the
traditional form of aerial photography. Traditional aerial real estate photographers rely upon full size

Rise Above Images LLC. 6401 Lakerun Ct. Hamilton, OH. 45011 (513)-319-6147
91Page

aircraft operating a low altitudes and with a full load of combustible fuel. Responsible UAS operations
are inherently in the public's interest.

E. The Reason Why Granting The Exemption Would Not Adversely
Affect Safety. Rise Above's high level of professionalism and desire to set the standard for

successful and safe UAS real estate operations squarely coalesces with the FAA's safety mission. In
addition, Rise Above Images will strictly follow the conditions and limitations of the FAA Grant. Some
procedures that Rise Above Images has or will have in place include:

a) Standard Operating Procedures (SOP); which will include a pre-flight checklist, airworthiness
inspection by the Pilot in Command, signage depicting a notice of aerial photography in progress, and
NOTAMS issued 48 hours in advance of a flight. b) During flight operations, Rise Above Images will
utilize a two person team consisting of the Pilot in Command and a Visual Observer. All operations will
remain within line of sight of the UAS team. c) The UAS will at all times have the GPS Return to Home
safety feature activated. In the event of a "loss of signal" or if the Pilot in Command deems it necessary
the UAS will return to a preset position and land. d) In the event that the aerial photography safety zone
is violated, the Pilot in Command will abort the mission and return to the safe landing zone. e) Rise
Above Images will only operate the UAS over private property with the permission of the property
owner and will stay a safe distance away from vehicles, structures and people.

f) As Federal guidelines are developed, Rise Above Images will stay up to date and within compliance of
all changes.

F. Additional Information

This Petition is made pursuant to the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (FMRA) Section 333,
which directs the Secretary of Transportation to determine if certain UAS may operate safely in the NAS.
Rise Above Images commitment to being at the forefront of the rapidly emerging UAS commercial use
sector is second only to their commitment to operating responsibly. Rise Above Production's owner,
Edward Hanson, is a graduate of Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University. Mr. Hanson holds a
private/instrument single engine land certificate and will be the primary Pilot in Command of the
Phantom II Vision Plus UAS that Rise Above Images will use in the Real Estate/Construction markets.
This added investment of not only being the Pilot in Command but also the owner of the company, gives
Rise Above Images a commitment to safety and excellence that will lead it to becoming the flag bearer
for small business UAS use. Rise Above Images will obtain an Air Traffic Organization (ATO) issued
Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA) prior to conducting any operations under this grant of
exemption. All aircraft operated by Rise Above Images, in accordance with this exemption, will be
identified by serial number and registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47. Rise Above Productions
will comply with making November markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. The
November markings placed upon the Rise Above Images Phantom II Vision Plus UAS will be as large as
practical. Attached are the Operating Manual and Quick Start Manual that are used in conjunction with
the Rise Above Images Standard Operating Procedures.

Rise Above Images LLC. 6401 Lakerun Ct. Hamilton, OH. 45011 (513)-319-6147
10 I P g e
G. Summary to be Printed in Federal Register

Rise Above Images LLC requests exemption from TITLE 14 OF THE CODE OF FEDERAL REGULATIONS
SECTIONS 61.113 (a) and (b); 91.7 (a); 91.119 (c); 91.121; 91.151 (a); 91.405 (a); 91.407 (a) (1); 91.409 (a)
(1) and (2); 91.417 (a) and (b). Rise Above Productions requests relief from these sections from the FAA
Administrator per the intentions of the FAA Moderation and Reform Act of 2012 so that Rise Above
Images LLC can produce photography and video for clients within the real estate and construction
markets.

CONCLUSION

As set forth herein, Rise Above Images LLC seeks an exemption pursuant to 14 C.F.R. § 11.61 and
Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (FMRA), which will permit safe operation
of the DJI Phantom II Vision Plus UAS commercially within the Real Estate and Construction markets. The
Administrator will be assisting small business by granting this petition. In accordance with the FAA
Modernization and Reform Act of 2012, Rise Above Productions respectfully requests that the FAA
Administrator grants this petition for exemption from TITLE 14 OF THE CODE OF FEDERAL REGULATIONS
SECTIONS 61.113 (a) and (b); 91.7 (a); 91.119 (c); 91.121; 91.151 (a); 91.405 (a); 91.407 (a) (1); 91.409 (a)
(1) and (2); 91.417 (a) and (b)

Rise Above Images LLC. 6401Lakerun Ct. Hamilton, OH. 45011 (513)-319-6147
                                                1. Hover approximately ten feet above the
                                                    ground to confirm UAS is under controL

                                                2. All sticks operate correctly while in hover
                                                    -Verified

    Phantom 2 Vision +                          1. Camera - Fun Up
                                                2. Video Recorder - Stop
      Mission Checklists                        3. Landing Zone - Clear I Safe

                     psFiightorg                1. Battery - Remove & Replace

Arrival Checklist                               2. Wift Connection to Monitor- Verified
                                                3. DJI application- Connect to Camera
1. If day and operating out of back of
    vehicle, point vehicle into sun.            4. Takeoff

2. Remove case and place on level surface.      End of Ops Checklist
                                                1. Battery - Off
3. Check distance to nearest airport and/or     2. Transmitter - Off
    controlled airspace using smartphone or     3. Router - Off
    tablet app.                                 4. Notify Tower!CTAF - End of Ops

4. If required, use VHF aviation transceiver.
    to contact tower of field if closer than 5

    NM.
5. Inform tower I CTAF of UAS ops, location,

    and max height of flight

1. Remove transmitter.

2. Router - On
3. Transmitter- On

4. Toggle Switches- Full Up

5. Video Monitor - On
6. Remove UAS from case.
7. Gimbal Lock & Lens Cap - Removed
8. Micro-SO card- Inserted.
9. UAS Battery- Inserted
10. Place UAS in clear and safe launch and

    recovery position if it returns to home.
11. UAS Battery- On
12. Wifi Connection to Monitor - Verified
13. DJI Application- Load
14. DJI app!Ecation- Connect to Camera
15. SD Card - Format

16. Camera - Full Up
17. Satellite Connections- Verified

18. Charge Levels - Safe for Flight
19. Video Recording - Start

20.Takeoff
