June 15, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 11807
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­0456

Mr. Robert H. Melton Jr.
714 Salem Road
Clarksville, TN 37040

Dear Mr. Melton:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated February 12, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA)
for an exemption. The exemption would allow the petitioner to operate an unmanned aircraft
system (UAS) to conduct local search and rescue, photography, agriculture monitoring and
storm damage inspection.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a DJI Phantom 2 Vison Plus.

In accordance with the statutory criteria provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in
reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited
operating area associated with the aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation
has determined that this aircraft meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA
finds that relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts,
                                                                                                2

Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing
requirements of part 36, is not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Mr. Robert H. Melton Jr. is granted an exemption from
14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c),
91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to
the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Mr. Robert H. Melton Jr. is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom 2
    Vison Plus when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed
                                                                                                            3

    operations of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this
    exemption.

2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
    not permitted.

3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
    exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
    compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
    airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
    aircraft manufacturer.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
    electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
    must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
    required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
                                                                                              4

UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    Government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the

    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be

    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and

    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC

    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to

    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated

    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,

    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
                                                                                                            5

    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least 5 minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.
                                                                                                               6

   24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
       activities at all times.

   25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

   26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
       persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
          a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
             from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
             that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
             where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
             the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
             of nonparticipating persons; and
          b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
             for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
             the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
             present an undue hazard.

       The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
       nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

   27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
       permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
       Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
       obtained for each flight to be conducted.

   28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
       boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
       to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
       reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
       contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

   29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
       as documented in this grant of exemption.

   30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
       exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
       District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
       notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
       must include at least the following:
                                                                                                                 7

           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted

              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of

              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners

              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                    8

This exemption terminates on June 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.
Sincerely,
/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
                                                AFFIDAVIT

United States Department of Transportation                                               Instrument Prepared By:
Docket Operations                                                                        Robert H. Melton Jr.
West Building Ground Floor Room W-12-140, 1200                                          714 Salem Road
New Jersey Avenue, SE.                                                                  Clarksville TN, 37040
Washington DC 20590
http:Uwww. regulations.gov                                                       '-.. ·.

Re: Exemption Request Pursuant To Section 333 of the FAA Reform Act of 2012

Dear Sir or Madam:

I am writing pursuant to the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of2012 (the "Reform Act") and the procedures contained in
14 C.F .R. 11, to request that Robert H. Melton Jr.is owner and operator of a small UAS, be exempted from the Federal
Aviation Regulations (FAR's) listed below.
The exemption is needed in order to operate a small lightweight unmanned aircraft system (UAS) commercially in airspace
regulated by the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA). These operations will be conducted within and under the conditions
outlined herein or as may be established
By the FAA as required by Section 333. §11.81.

The following aspects of Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 should be considered.

1. If certain unmanned aircraft systems, if any, as a result of their size, weight, speed, operational capability, proximity to
     airports and populated areas, and operation within visual line of sight do not create a hazard to users of the national
     airspace system or the public or pose a threat to national security; and

The operated UAS, Phantom 2 Vison plus, meets all the requirements of an Ultralight aircraft except for the ability to
carry a passenger. This aircraft is under 254 pounds as required for powered Ultralights, they are electric so they
have less than 5 gallon fuel capacity, it is not capable of speeds over 55 knots, and it's power-off stall speed is under
24 knots calibrated airspeed. If as requested, it is classified as an Ultralight Aircraft by regulations it cannot be used
in congested airspace and can only be used in Class G Airspace without special authorization. As part of this
application the UAS will only be used Line of sight in order to meet the public safety requirement of an exemption to
Title 14 Chapter I Subchapter F Part 103 Subpart B §103.21

2. Whether a certificate of waiver, certificate of authorization, or airworthiness certification under section 44704 of title 49,
United States Code, is required for the operation of unmanned aircraft systems identified under paragraph (1).

If as requested this UAS is classified as an Ultralight, it would not require a certificate of waiver, certificate of
authorization, or airworthiness certification. As part of this application I will apply for a Certificate of Authorization
so this UAS could support local Emergency Services as necessary.

The following information is submitted to meet the requirement ofthe above act.

1. Name and address
            a. Robert H. Melton Jr.
            b. 714 Salem Road Clarksville Tennessee 37040

2. Section of 14 CFR from which I seek an exemption
           a. 103.1 (a) is used or intended to be used for manned operation in the air by a single occupant.
           b. 103.1 (b) is used or intended to be used for recreation, sport purposes and aerial photography
           c. 103.21 No person may operate an ultralight vehicle except by visual reference with the surface.

3. The extent of relief you seek, and the reason you seek the relief
           a. 103.1 (a) Request the operation of the air vehicle as an UAS. By definition it will not be manned.
            b. 103.1 (b) Request that the UAS be allowed to be used for local search and rescue based on emergency
                 procedures request by EMS, local Police, Sheriff department or by local Government officials of need.

       RHM 2.12.2015-UAS Phantom 2 v3 Drone Docket Operations Exemption request pursuant to Section 333 FFA reform Act of 2012
                                                                                          liP age
            c. Photography, agriculture monitoring and or storm damage inspection.
            d. 103.21 Request that the vehicle be operated by visual reference "from the ground "not "with the ground". This

                  will be accomplished by maintaining maximum altitude and distance from the PIC of 300ft.
4. The reasons why granting your request would be in the public interest; that is, how it would benefit the public as a

      whole.
            a. By designating small UAS as Ultralight Aircraft and setting below requirements for an exemption to the
                  probation for commen:ial use, public safety will be greatly enhanced. With the low cost of these devices many
                  are in the process of using them in a non-regulated none tracked manner. In addition to the exemption list
                  above the PIC will follow the below requirements.
                        i. 50 hours of flight time prior to use for commercial purposes. The hours will be documented on the
                               standard FAA Log book.
                        ii. Completion of an FAA Grounds school program or home study course and successful completion of the
                              knowledge test.
            b. The above stipulations along with the designation ofthis UAS as Ultralight will enhance public safety in the
                  following ways.
                         i. Aircraft and PIC will be registered and connected to allow for accountability.
                        ii. Presently, with their low cost of these devices may people are operating these UASs in a non-regulated
                              manner. By providing a way for the Aircraft to be registered to a Specific PIC, if there is an incident the
                              aircraft can be traced back to an individual. I will notify the FAA if an aircraft is added or removed from
                              the fleet.
                 1. UAS, Phantom 2 vision plus S/N PH645383038 v3
                  2. PIC Robert H. Melton Jr. with Pilot Observer' Robert H. Melton Sr. holding a Commerciai"Helicopter'' and
                        "Airplane" Single Engine land aircraft, Instrument rating.
                        iii. By matching the UAS to the PIC the FAA can review the log book to ensure that the PIC has spent the
                              time with the particular aircraft to ensure safety.
                        iv. Although the UAS has a home function as a redundant safety feature, if the Aircraft should malfunction
                              and not respond to the transmitter or home function, the PIC will notify the area controlling station in
                              the same manner as an accidently released tethered balloon. Once an Aircraft is found the Serial
                              number of the Aircraft can confirm the PIC responsible for it.
           c. By designating the Aircraft as an Ultralight the rules and regulation for its operation are already established for
                  safe operation in public airspace.
                         i. The Aircraft cannot operate above a congested gathering nor can it operate above congested parts of a
                              town or city.
                        ii. The Aircraft can only operate within the hours of daylight, unless it has the applicable markings and
                              safety light.
                       iii. The Aircraft can only operate in class G airspace. This will keep the aircraft away from other air traffic.
                       iv. The aircraft can only operate in airspace as stipulated by the cloud cover requirements within the
                              proper 103. Ensuring safe operation around other aircraft.
           d. As stipulated in the application I am asking for an exception stating that the UAS can only operate less than 300
                 feet AGL. Although this more restrictive then the Ultralight requirements it will insure a clear line of sight
                 connection between the PIC and the UAS.
           e. Aircraft will operate in airspace controlled by emergency personnel only when PIC is in direct voice contact with
                 Incident Commander or Designee.
           f. Designating the UAS as an Ultralight, the following regulations will not apply however public safety will not be
                 reduced by the actions listed and will be enhance by not being overly burdensome to the operator and
                 increasing compliance.
                        i. As stipulated in 103.7 (c) An "N" number will not be required. The "N" number is used for Aircraft
                              identification. Limiting the Aircraft to Class G Airspace or Airspace controlled by emergency personnel
                              under Incident commander control eliminated the need for visual identification of an aircraft within an

       RHM 2.12.2015-UAS Phantom 2 v3 Drone Docket Operations Exemption request pursuant to Section 333 FFA reform Act of 2012
                                                                                               21Page
                       Airport control. The requirement of the "N" number for accident identification is fulfilled by the
                       registration of the Aircraft and the PIC.
                  ii. As stipulated in 103.7 (b) An Air worthiness certificate is not required and due the size of the drone.
                       Similar to other Ultralight aircraft, the safety hazard represented by the Aircraft is limited. Also the
                       requirement the aircraft will operate only in line of sight of the PIC and not over congested areas
                       further reduce any hazard. Mandating that the PIC has a $1 million dollar insurance policy ensure that proper
                       restitution can be made if an incident does occur. Public safety is improved by reducing the burden on
                       operator to ensure proper registration and ensuring that the PIC is properly insured and trained.
                 iii. As stipulated in 103.7 (a) a pilot certificate is not required. Due to the differences in flying a UAS and
                       operating a manned aircraft for personal of commercial use, little is gained from requiring one of these
                       certifications for UAS operation. Passing the practical test and showing required logged time in a
                       manned aircraft will not increase the safety of the drone operation. This being said, the part of the
                       pilot certification that would be applicable is the knowledge and ground school portion of the
                       certification. This part of the certification would give the PIC an understanding of the aircraft
                       operations that the UAS will share NAS with and the importance of staying within its operating
                       parameters. The Knowledge test is also only good for two years and will have to be renewed insuring
                       recertification of a UAS operating permit. Public safety will also be enhanced by requiring that an FAA
                       log be filled out showing knowledge of Specific UAS operation. The above will ensure public safety
                       while not placing a burden on UAS operators that may encourage unregistered operation.
     g. My request for an exemption differs from the majority of request that I have read but has many advantages.
                  i. Starting with the stipulating that these small drones are Ultralight aircraft, many ofthe rules and
                       regulations necessary to keep a separation from other manned aircraft are already in effect.
           1. No person may operate an ultralight vehicle except between the hours of sunrise and sunset.
           2. Notwithstanding paragraph (1) of this section, ultralight vehicles may be operated during the twilight
                 periods 30 minutes before official sunrise and 30 minutes after official sunset or, in Alaska, during the
                 period of civil twilight as defined in the Air Almanac, if:

                            a. The vehicle is equipped with an operating anti-collision light visible for at least 3 statute miles;
                                  and

                            b. All operations are conducted in uncontrolled airspace.
           3. Each person operating an ultralight vehicle shall maintain vigilance so as to see and avoid aircraft and shall

                 yield the right-of-way to all aircraft.
           4. No person may operate an ultralight vehicle in a manner that creates a collision hazard with respect to any

                 aircraft
           5. No person may operate an ultralight vehicle over any congested area of a city, town, or settlement, or over

                 any open air assembly of persons.
            6. UAS can only be operated in Class G airspace

                            a. No person may operate an ultralight vehicle within Class A, Class B, Class C, or Class D airspace
                                  or within the lateral boundaries of the surface area of Class E airspace designated for an airport
                                  unless that person has prior authorization from the ATC facility having jurisdiction over that
                                  airspace

           7. Any person operating an ultralight vehicle under this part shall, upon request, allow the Administrator, or
                 his designee, to inspect the vehicle to determine the applicability of this part.

           8. No person may operate an ultralight vehicle in prohibited or restricted areas unless that person has
                 permission from the using or controlling agency, as appropriate.

           9. No person may operate an ultralight vehicle in areas designated in a Notice to Airmen under §91.137,
                 §91.138, §91.141, §91.143 or §91.145 ofthis chapter, unless authorized by:
                            a. Air Traffic Control (ATC); or
                            b. A Flight Standards Certificate of Waiver or Authorization issued for the demonstration or
                                  event.

RHM 2.12.2015-UAS Phantom 2 v3 Drone Docket Operations Exemption request pursuant to Section 333 FFA reform Act of 2012
                                                                                             3IPage
      10. The pilot or operator of an ultralight vehicle must, upon request of the Administrator, furnish satisfactory
            evidence that the vehicle is subject only to the provisions of this part.

     11. No person may operate any ultralight vehicle in a manner that creates a hazard to other persons or
            property.

     12. No person may allow an object to be dropped from an ultralight vehicle if such action creates a hazard to
            other persons or property.

     13. No person may conduct operations that require a deviation from this part except under a written waiver
            issued by the Administrator. This section mandates that several aspect of Section 107 be waived ensuring
            proper registration of UAS being used in a commercial enterprise and that the PIC is properly experienced.
            ii. Stipulating these small UAS as ultralight aircraft an Airman certification is not required. By stipulating
                 that the knowledge test portion of the air certification is enforced, all operators will be required to
                  understand the requirement to keep UAS away from manned aircraft and the rules in which they will
                  operate ensuring public safety.
           iii. Mandating document hours on the specific UAS prior to commercial use will ensure public safety by
                  ensuring the PIC is proficient a particular airframe. This will also mandate the proper documentation to
                  prove this proficiency.

h. There is no request to exercise the privileges of your exemption outside the United States.

Respectfully submitted

INWITNESS WHEROF, I Robert H. Melton Jr. have hereunto set my hand and executed this affidavit on this the 121h day of February, 2015.

oate:2-f2,-~<JI5        sign;~ ·~ct

                                                                                                       Robert H. Melton Jr.

                                                                        IN iJ(' J) I(Cj 3Cj G<;l
                                                                                          I. r- II. J 0

I the undersigned, a notary in and for County of Montgomery and State of Tennessee; hereby affirm that Robert H. Melton Jr. personally appeared before me
on the 12th day of February of 2015 and signed affidavit as his free and voluntary act and deed, executed foregoing instrument for the purpose therein

tolitarrre'd.

                        de- .,z--JlJWitness my hand and seal this ~day ofb' 2015

                        ·vSig/,JhJJ~ (jUU<;t' ;
                                0 Notary Public
                        c._3.;.Lj..j~
                        My Commission e x p i r e s ; - - - - - - - - - - - '

RHM 2.12.2015-UAS Phantom 2 v3 Drone Docket Operations Exemption request pursuant to Section 333 FFA reform Act of 2012

                                                                                          41Page
