September 3, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12753
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA-2015-2541

Mr. Robert W. Biggs
Phoenix Drone Pros
601 East Pinto Court
Gilbert, AZ 85296

Dear Mr. Biggs:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated June 11, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) for
an exemption. The petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to
conduct aerial photography, videography, surveying, inspections, search and rescue
operations, and UAS training1.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a DJI Inspire 1.

1 The petitioner requested authority to conduct UAS training. At this time, the FAA is unable to authorize UAS
operations for training until a further assessment is completed. When the FAA completes its review, we will
proceed accordingly and no further action will be required by the petitioner. However, the petitioner is permitted
to train its own pilot in commands and visual observers in accordance with condition no. 14 and the other
conditions and limitations in this exemption.
                                                                                                                 2

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection2. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Mr. Robert W. Biggs is granted an exemption from
14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c),
91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to

2 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                                                 3

the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Mr. Robert W. Biggs is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Inspire 1 when
         weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any other
         aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
         must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
         documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
                                                                                                            4

    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.
                                                                                                            5

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.
                                                                                                            6

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

    The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
    nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
    reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
    contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.
                                                                                                                 7

 If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
 television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                                                 8

This exemption terminates on September 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,
/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
US Department of Transportation Exemption Request Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA
Reform Act and Part 11 of the Federal Aviation

June 11, 2015

Robert W. Biggs
DBA Phoenix Drone Pros
601 E. Pinto Ct.
Gilbert, AZ 85296

U.S. Department of Transportation
Docket Management System
1200 New Jersey Ave., SE
Washington DC 20590

Re: Exemption Request Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Reform Act and Part 11 of the
Federal Aviation

Regulations from: 14 CFR 21 subpart H; 14 CFR 45.23(b); 14 CFR 61.113(a) and (b); 14 CFR
91.7(a); 14 CFR

91.9(b)(2); 14 CFR 91.103; 14 CFR 91.109; 14 CFR 91.119(c); 14 CFR 91.121; 14 CFR
91.151(a); 14 CFR 91.203

(a) and (b); 14 CFR 91.405 (a); 14 CFR 91.407 (a) (1) 14 CFR 91.409 (a)(1) and (2); 14 CFR
91.417(a) and (b)

Dear Sir or Madam:
Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (the "Reform
Act") and 14 CFR Part 11, Robert W. Biggs, DBA "Phoenix Drone Pros," operator of
Unmanned Aircraft Systems (UAS), hereby applies for an exemption from the listed Federal
Aviation Regulations ("FARs") to allow commercial operation of designated UAS, provided
such operations are conducted within and under the conditions outlined herein or as may be
established by the FAA as required by Section 333.

Thank you in advance for your consideration.

Robert W. Biggs, DBA
Phoenix Drone Pros
       The Unmanned Aircraft (UA) described herein is smaller, lighter and more maneuverable
than conventional aircraft running on combustible fuel, operates at lower altitudes with no people
on board and will thereby reduce current risk levels, enhance safety and diminish the likelihood
of death or serious bodily injury. With a small payload and maximum flight time of only 20
minutes, this offers little or no risk to national security.

Commercial operation of an UAS, as described herein, which are equipped with camera(s) and
sensors, would provide professional services in the following areas:

1. Aerial photography and/or video for public and/or private use including real estate,
architecture, land surveying, engineering and other related professional activities.

2. Aerial video and/or photography for public and/or private use including television,
public events, cinematography and newsgathering.

3. Aerial inspection/photography of residential/commercial structures under contract with the
owners or local government authority.

4. Aerial inspection/photography of residential/commercial utility infrastructure including
but not limited to electrical power lines, wind turbines and cell towers.

5. Aerial video/photography or providing live video feed to assist with search and rescue
operations in cases of an emergency or natural disaster only when the local authorities or
government has requested it by contract or donation.

6. Training to persons individually or belonging to both private and/or public organizations
to increase awareness and improve safety for current and future UAS operations within the
NAS.

As described fully below, the requested exemption would permit the operation of designated
UAS as set forth in this document under controlled conditions in the NAS that would be a)
limited b) controlled c) predetermined and d) safe. Approval of this exemption would increase
public awareness of UAS operations and enhance safety to aid in fulfilling the Secretary of
Transportation's (the FAA Administrator's) responsibilities to "....establish requirements for
the safe operation of such aircraft systems in the national airspace system."

The name and address of the applicant is:
Robert W. Biggs, DBA Phoenix Drone Pros
Phone: (480) 330-1778
Email: PhoenixDronePros@gmail.com
Address: 601 e. Pinto Ct., Gilbert, Arizona 85296
Regulations from which the exemption is requested:
14 CFR Part 21 subpart H
14 CFR 45.23 (b)
14 CFR 61.113 (a) & (b)
14 CFR 91.7 (a)
14 CFR 91.9 (b) (2)
14 CFR 91.103
14 CFR 91.109
14 CFR 91.119 (c)
14 CFR 91.121
14 CFR 91.151 (a)
14 CFR 91.203 (a) & (b)
14 CFR 91.405 (a)
14 CFR 91.407 (a) (1)
14 CFR 91.409 (a) (2)
14 CFR 91.417 (a) & (b)
 Robert W. Biggs, DBA Phoenix Drone Pros, will operate one or more of the following
 model UAS:

 1. DJI T600 INSPIRE 1

The DJI T600 Inspire One manufactured by DJI innovations, is lightweight 4 electric
motor/rotor, battery operated quadcopter with a 6.5lb gross weight that takes off and lands
vertically. The Inspire one has a length of 17.3 inches, width of 17.7 inches, height of 11.8
inches, and a maximum speed of approximately 42 knots. Its avionics suite contains an on-
board flight computer with GPS navigation and an Inertial Measurement Unit (IMU) based
attitude stability system. Also included is a barometric altimeter sensor, compass unit
ultrasonic altimeter and vision positioning camera. An on-board processor receives signals for
flight and payload control from a ground-based transmitter/controller/ground station device.
An on-board telemetry system delivers flight data from the flight computer to the downlink
radio transmitter to provide the Pilot in Command (PIC) with information such as altitude
AGL, horizontal and vertical speed, compass direction of flight, bearing and distance to the
controlling station, current waypoint, battery status, current flight mode, GPS health status,
datalink status, and GPS position. This data is displayed to the PIC via the Ground Control
Station (GCS) application running on one or more computer devices such as a smart phone,
tablet or PC.

THE GROUND CONTROL STATION/CONTROLLER:
The DJI UAS products CCAS intends to operate under this exemption use a series of
components to comprise the Ground Control Station (GCS). The first and primary component
of the ground segment is a handheld pilot controller and an optional handheld payload
controller. The pilot controller provides a user interface for flight attitude and altitude
commands augmented by the UA's onboard IMU and GPS aided stabilization system. The
controller also has options for manipulating the flight mode, payload gimbal, camera functions,
and landing gear if equipped. The Datalink segment is comprised of an uplink transmitter
command/control link using a frequency range of 2.4GHz to 2.48GHz frequency range with a
power output of approximately 125mW. The uplink sends flight and payload commands to the
UA's autopilot which then processes the commands along with sensor inputs to manipulate the
motor speed controllers and provide the desired response. The downlink transmitter on the UA
operates on a 5.728GHz to 5.85GHz and an output power of approximately 25mW. The
downlink transmitter provides live video from the on-board camera plus all the UA flight data
described above. Downlink data and video is received by the pilot controller and optional
payload controller which is then displayed to the PIC and optional PO via an application on a
handheld device such as a smart phone, tablet or PC. The GCS application also provides a
heads up display of pertinent flight data and UA status reports along with a moving map
display. Both the uplink and downlink transmitters have been tested and comply with part 15
of the FCC rules for a class B digital device.

 DOCUMENTATION

The following documents are attached and provided to support this petition.

    · DJI T600 Inspire 1 - Manual Version 1.0
    · Preflight Checklist
Given the small size of the UAS in scope and the controlled environment provided, the
proposed operations will adhere to the Reform Act's safety requirements. The approval of
this application presents no national security issues. Regarding the level of safety
surrounding the proposed operations and the public benefit, reduction in environmental
impacts, including but not limited to reduced emissions and noise, the grant of the
requested exemption is in the public interest. Accordingly, the applicant graciously requests
that the FAA grant the requested exemption.

OPERATIONAL PARAMETERS
AIRCRAFT AND EQUIVALENT LEVEL OF SAFETY
The operation limitations proposed for an equivalent or higher level of safety because
operations will further enhance the safety of the persons and/or property using conventional
aircraft. These limitations and conditions to which the applicant agrees to adhere to when
conducting commercial operations under the FAA issued exemption as set forth in the
Flight Operations Manual (FOM) include:

1. The UAS will weigh significantly less than 55 lbs. It weighs less than 4 pounds with
battery and camera.

2. The UAS, depending on the model in operation, will have a maximum operating speed
of no more than 50mph.

3. Flights will be operated within line of sight of the Pilot in Command (PIC) and/or Visual
Observer (VO).

4. Maximum flight time for each operational flight will be depending on the UAS
model in operation, but will not exceed 30 minutes. Flights will be terminated at 25%
battery power reserve or 30 minutes of flight time whichever occurs first.

5. Flights will be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet Above Ground Level
(AGL) and not more than 200 feet above an elevated platform from which filming is
planned.

6. Minimum crew for each operation will consist of the UAS Pilot and at least one Visual
Observer (VO), and may include a third, but separate, Camera Operator (CO).

7. The UAS pilot will be a designated Pilot in Command (PIC). The PIC will have
logged a minimum of 20 hours on the designated UAS.

8. A safety briefing will be performed prior to each day's flights consisting of all the days'
production activities.

9. All flight activities will be logged.

10. All flights will occur under Visual Flight Rules Meteorological Conditions (VMC) only.

11. The flights will occur in Class G airspace no closer than a 5mile radius of the
geographic center/Airport Reference Point (ARP) of a tower controlled or uncontrolled
airport.

12. Flights will not be closer than a 5 mile radius of the geographic center/Airport.
13. The operator will file FAA Form 77111, or its equivalent, as modified in light of the
requested exemption, with the appropriate local Flight Standards District Office (FSDO)
no more than 72 hours but no less than 48 hours from planned operation.

14. The operator will obtain verbal/written consent of all persons involved with the
planned operation and ensure that only consenting persons will be allowed within 100 feet
of the flight operation, and the radius may be reduced to 30 feet based upon an equivalent
level of safety determination, as U.S. Department of Transportation required under the
FOM. With the advanced permission of the FSDO, operations at closer range may be
approved.

15. The PIC and VO will have been trained in operation of UAS and receive up-to-
date information for the particular UAS to be operated.

16. The PIC and VO will be able to communicate by voice and/or radio at all times.

17. Written and/or verbal permission and permits will be obtained from territorial, state,
county or city jurisdictions, including law enforcement, fire or other appropriate
governmental agencies as appropriate to flight operations.

18. If the UAS loses communications with the remote controller or loses GPS signal, the
UAS will have the capability to return to a predetermined location within a designated
location and land autonomously.

19. The UAS will have the capability to abort a flight in case of emergencies
with an automated "Return Home and Land" function.

20. The UAS will have the capability to abort a flight in case of unpredicted
obstacles, weather, or emergencies such as low battery.
PREFLIGHT CHECKLIST

PRE-FLIGHT CHECKLIST

DJI INSPIRE 1

UAV Number:    N-229DP

DEPARTURE
 Batteries fully charged
 Tablet
 Cables
 Safety Vest
 Micro SD Card - Clear
 Laptop
 GoPro

PRE-FLIGHT
 Notify owner and residents
 Check weather, wind < 15mph
 Put on safety vest, signage
 Power ON Hot Spot
 Power ON tablet, connect to Tx
 Power ON Transmitter
 Set antennae
 Power ON Drone
 Exit Travel Mode
 Power OFF Drone
 Insert micro SD card in camera
 Install correct camera lens filter
 Install Camera
 Install propellers, prop locks
 Power ON Drone
 Check flight status on tablet
 Check battery status on tablet
 Clear map
 Set camera mode - 4k or 1080, MP4
 Perform calibration
 Place drone in clear take off area
 TAKE-OFF: Hover, test controls

POST-FLIGHT
 LAND
 Remove propellers, prop locks
 Remove Camera
 Remove micro SD card
 Enter Travel Mode
 Power OFF Drone
 Power OFF Transmitter
 Reset antennae
 Power OFF tablet
 Power OFF HotSpot
 Remove safety vest, signage
SPECIFIC SECTIONS OF 14 C.F.R. FROM WHICH PETITIONERS SEEK AN
EXEMPTION

A. 14 C.F.R. §§ 61.113(a) and (b) Private Pilot Privileges and Limitations: Pilot in Command.

These regulations limit private pilots to non-commercial operations. Because the UAS will not
carry a pilot or passengers and be operated within limited areas and altitudes, the proposed
operations can achieve the equivalent level of safety of current operations by requiring the PIC
operating the aircraft to have a private pilot's license rather than a commercial pilot's license to
operate this small UAS.

B. 14 C.F.R. § 91.7(a) Civil Aircraft Airworthiness

While the UAS will not have an airworthiness certificate in accordance with 14 C.F.R. part 21,
Subpart H, the airworthy condition of the UAS will be the responsibility of the PIC in accordance
with 14 C.F.R. § 91.7(b).

C. 14 C.F.R. § 91.119(c) Minimum safe altitudes over congested and other areas

This regulation establishes safe altitudes for operation of civil aircraft over areas other than
congested areas. PDP requests relief from this section with respect to persons involved in the
operation as well as vehicles and structures. The UAS will not be operated above 400 feet altitude.
It will be operated in a defined area where people and buildings will not be exposed to operations
without their pre-obtained consent.

D. 14 C.F.R. § 91.121 Altimeter Settings

This regulation requires each person operating an aircraft to maintain cruising altitude by reference
to an altimeter that is set "...to the elevation of the departure airport or an appropriate altimeter
setting available before departure." As the UAS does not have a barometric altimeter, an exemption
is requested. The UAS Flight Controller utilizes GPS equipment aided by a static pressure sensor to
determine and maintain altitude. The aircraft altitude above the takeoff point is provided in the
video downlink telemetry information and provides sufficient information for the PIC to maintain
altitudes at or below the 400 foot (122 meter) limitations. April 6, 2015 Page 6

E. 14 C.F.R. § 91.151(a) Fuel requirements for flight in VFR conditions

Section 91.151(a) prohibits an individual from beginning "a flight in an airplane under VFR
conditions unless (considering wind and forecast weather conditions) there is enough fuel to fly to
the first point of intended landing, and, assuming normal cursing speed ­ (1) During the day to fly
after that for at least 30 minutes; or (2) At night, to fly after that for at least 45 minutes."
Given that the UAS aircraft only fly for a maximum of 30 minutes and typically carry about 15
minutes of batter power, an exemption is requested. The UAS operations are always conducted
within a few minutes of the takeoff and landing point and within a restricted area. BEAP believes
that terminating the flight with 25% remaining battery power provides an equivalent amount of
safety that is intended by section 191.151(a).

F. 14 C.F.R. § 91.405(a) Maintenance Required; 14 C.F.R. § 91.407(a)(1) Operation after
maintenance, preventative maintenance, rebuilding or alteration; 14 C.F.R. §§ 91.409(a)(1) and (2)
Inspections; 14 C.F.R. §§ 91.417(a) and (b) Maintenance Records
These regulations require that an aircraft operator or owner "shall have that aircraft inspected as
prescribed in subpart E of this part and shall between required inspections, except as provided in
paragraph (c) of this section have discrepancies repaired as prescribed in part 43 of this chapter...,"
and others shall inspect or maintain the aircraft in compliance with part 43.

 Given that the sections and Part 43 apply only to aircraft with an airworthiness certificate, these
 sections will not apply to the Petitioner. Maintenance will be accomplished by the operator
 pursuant to the Owner's Manuals. An equivalent level of safety will be achieved because these
 small UAS are very limited in size and will carry a small payload and operate only in restricted
 areas for limited periods of time. If mechanical issues arise, the UAS can land immediately and
 will be operating from no higher than 400 feet AGL. The operator will ensure that the UAS is in
 working order prior to initial flight, perform required maintenance and keep a log of any
 maintenance performed. Moreover, the operator is the person most familiar with the aircraft and
 best suited to maintain the aircraft in an airworthy condition to provide the equivalent level of
 safety. The FAA issued exemption to these regulations in Exemption No. 11062.

  Additional Information.

 The applicant, Robert W. Biggs, believes this exemption request and associated safety
 considerations adequately satisfy criteria provided in Section 333 of the Reform Act of
 2012, providing sufficient justification for the granting of commercial operations
 of the applicant's UAS.

 The applicant, Robert W. Biggs, requests your respective approval of this Section 333
 exemption petition request.

 Thank you for your interest and attention in this matter. Please notify Robert W. Biggs of
 your actions, and or approvals. Thank You for your interest in this request. Sincerely,

 Robert W. Biggs
 DBA Phoenix Drone Pros
 PhoenixDronePros@gmail.com
 601 E. Pinto Ct.
 Gilbert, Arizona 85296
