April 2, 2015

                                                          Exemption No. 11257
                                                          Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2014­0889

Mr. Roger W. Meyer, PLS
dba Montana Land Surveys
P.O. Box 176
Lambert, MT 59243

Dear Mr. Meyer:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

The Basis for Our Decision

By letter dated October 15, 2014, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA)
on behalf of Montana Land Surveys (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption. The
exemption would allow the petitioner to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to
conduct land surveying operations.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner are the SenseFly eBee and Trimble Navigation Limited
UX5.
                                                                                                                 2

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Roger W. Meyer dba Montana Land Surveys is granted
an exemption from 14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a),
91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and
91.417(a) and (b), to the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform
aerial data collection. This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Roger W. Meyer dba Montana Land Surveys is hereafter referred
to as the operator.
                                                                                                                 3

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the SenseFly eBee and
         Trimble Navigation Limited UX5 when weighing less than 55 pounds including
         payload. Proposed operations of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a
         petition to amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are not
         permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within the
         visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used to
         satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS capability.
         The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times; electronic
         messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC must be
         designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the duration
         of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties required of the
         VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
         documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
         Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
         limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
         the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
         Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
         documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
         operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
                                                                                                            4

    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update or
    revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then the
    operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's UAS
    Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding updates or
    revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g. replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g. inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and aircraft
    components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer safety
    bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Colombia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
                                                                                                            5

    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current FAA-
    published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a pre-
    determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification (N-
    Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must be
    as large as practicable.
                                                                                                               6

   23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
       any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
       PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating. These
       documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
       official upon request.

   24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
       activities at all times.

   25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

   26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
       persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
          a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
             from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
             that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
             where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
             the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
             of nonparticipating persons; and
          b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
             for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
             the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
             present an undue hazard.

       The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
       nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

   27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
       permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
       Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
       obtained for each flight to be conducted.

   28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
       boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
       to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
       reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
       contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

   29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
       as documented in this grant of exemption.
                                                                                                                 7

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.

This exemption terminates on April 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service
U.S. Department ofTransportation  October 15, 2014
Docket Management System
1200 New Jersey Ave., SE
Washington, DC 20590
Filed with www.regulations.gov

Re: Petition for Exemption Under Section 333 of the FAA Reform Act and Part 11 of the Federal
Aviation Regulations

 Dear Madam, Sir,

 Pursuant to Section 333 ofthe FAA Modernization and Reform Act of2012 (the "Reform Act"),
 P.L. 112-95, "Special Rules for Certain Unmanned Aircraft Systems" and 14 C.F.R. Part 11,
 Roger W. Meyer PLS (Professional Land Surveyor), d.b.a. Montana Land Surveys ("MLS")
 providing land surveying services in Eastern Montana and North Dakota, seeks an exemption
 from the Federal Aviation Regulations ("FARs") and listed below:

           14 C.F.R. Part 21
           14 C.F.R. 45.23
           14 C.F.R. 45.29
           14 C.F.R. 61.23
           14 C.F.R. 61.3
           14 C.F.R. 61.113(a) & (b)
           14 C.F.R. 61.133(a)
           14 C.F.R. 91.7(a)
           14 C.F.R. 91.9
           14 C.F.R. 91.109(a)
           14 C.F.R. 91.119
           14 C.F.R. 91.121
           14 C.F.R. 91.151(a)
           14 C.F.R. 91.203
           14 CFR Subpart E (91.401 - 91.417)

 Summarized for purposes of Federal Register publication:

 Applicant seeks an exemption from the following rules:
. 14 C.F.R. Part 21, 14 C.F.R. 45.23, 14 C.F.R. 45.29, 14 C.F.R. 61.23, 14 C.F.R. 61.3, 14 C.F.R.

 , 1.113(a) & (b), 14 C.F.R. 61.133(a), 14 C.F.R. 91. 7(a), 14 C.F.R. 91.9, 14 C.F.R. 91.109(a), 14
 C.F.R. 91.119, 14 C.F.R. 91.121, 14 C.F.R. 91.151 (a), 14 C.F.R. 91.203, 14 CFR Subpart E
 (91.401- 91.417)
 to operate commercially a small unmanned vehicle (55lbs or less) augmenting its land surveying
 operations.

 Contact information for the Applicant is:

 Roger W. Meyer PLS, d.b.a. Montana Land Surveys
Mailing Address: PO Box 176
Physical Address: 22 N. Main
Lambert, Montana 59243
Phone:406-774-3390
Email: surveyor@midrivers.com

The requested exemption would authorize Montana Land Surveys to perform commercial
operations that would enhance its existing Surveying and Mapping services, including but not
limited to imaging for Precision Agriculture applications, Digital Terrain Modeling,
Infrastructure reconnaissance and inventory with GIS applications for Private, Local, State and
Federal entities, Riparian Boundaries of State and Federal owned lands associated with
navigable rivers, all of which have become of major importance in the area due to the economic
impacts of a Bakken oil exploration and production in North Dakota and Montana.

These services will be augmented by use of either or all of the following:

          The eBee, a fixed wing UAV manufactured by SenseFly, A Parrot Company
         ("SenseFly")
         The U:X:5, a fixed wing UAV manufactured by Trimble Navigation Limited ("Trimble")

The requested exemption would authorize commercial operations using these UAVs for land
survey applications. These operations will be subject to strict operating and conditions defined
by the UAV manufacturer's standards and procedures in order to ensure at least an equivalent
level of safety to currently authorized operations using manned aircrafts.

Upon receipt of the exemption contemplated herein, MLS shall, if required, obtain a Certificate
of Waiver or Authorization (COA) form the FAA Air Traffic Organization prior to conducting
operation(s) in the NAS.

Further, the professional services to be augmented by the uses contemplated herein are, by law,
performed under the supervision of a Registered Land Surveyor whom, by virtue of his or her
experience and licensing, technical knowledge of GPS, plane geometry, trigonometry and
spherical geometry along with a full understanding of the rights of all owners of property both
above and below its limits, inherently and uniquely make MLS a particularly well suited entity
for the safe and efficient commercial use ofUAVs. In fact, certain aspects of the contemplated
services using UAVs are regulated by State Law and Regulation promulgating the licensing of
land surveyors.

By this petition, MLS seeks an exemption that will authorize it to use the eBee or U:X:5 for
commercial purposes provided its operators comply with any terms and conditions of
the FAAs anticipated grant of exemption, including the procedures and requirements set forth in
the respective manufacturer's user manuals. MLS requests the FAA treat the eBee user manual
and the Trimble user manual, as proprietary under 14 C.F.R. 11.35(b) and not include such
documents in the public docket. These manuals are, by reference, incorporated herein and are
part of existing Petitions for Exemption under Section 333 of the FAA Reform Act and Part 11
ofthe Federal Aviation Regulations, identified as follows:
· Docket ID:FAA-2014-0367
· Petition of: Trimble Navigation Limited for an exemption from portions of 14 C.P.R. Part 21;
· Document Type: Other
· Document Subtype: Petition(s)
· Status: Posted
· Received Date: May 30, 2014

    AND

· Docket ID:FAA-2014-0727
· Petition of: SenseFly, LTD for an exemption from portions of 14 C.F.R. Part 21;
· Document Type: Other
· Document Subtype: Petition(s)
· Status: Posted
· Received Date: May 30, 2014

    Under the requested exemption, MLS as operator of the eBee and the UX5 will ensure that the
    aircraft will be operated, under the direct supervision of a Registered Professional Land Surveyor
    and by an individual who has completed the UAV manufacturer's training program for operation
    of the UAS.

         1. CHARACTERISTICS OF THE AIRCRAFT

    Both the eBee and the UX5 are a small and ultra-light platform that perform precision aerial
    mapping missions using onboard GPS and related proprietary flight management software that
    allows the operator to plan safely and efficiently a mission in 3D, and then monitor it in real-
    time. An embedded camera, protected by a foam envelope, takes a collection of high-definition
    still images that are used later to generate photographs, maps and contour lines of the surveyed
    area.

    The four main characteristics ofthe UAVs are:

    a. Very light weight

    The vehicles are so light enough that the operator can launch it by hand and let it land on almost
    any surface without requiring a parachute or landing net (belly land). Their low kinetic energy
    also significantly reduces the risk of hazardous situations. Finally, wings are detachable and
    made of flexible foam with no sharp or hard edges and almost no internal strengthening
     structure.
b. Electric-powered

The UAVs are is electric-powered. A brushless engine technology makes it silent and reliable.
The propeller can easily flex away in case of contact with any object.

c. Semi-automatic flight

The artificial intelligence incorporated within the UAVs autopilot system continuously analyzes
data from the Inertial Measurement Unit and from the onboard GPS and takes care of all the
aspects of the flight under the supervision of the operator.

d. Option for Manual control

Additionally, the UAVs provide an override capability that allows the operator to take manually
initiate autonomous actions during the flight such as "return home", "land" or, "hold and resume
the mission". The operator can also suspend automated operations and take manual control of the
aircraft should it become necessary to respond emergency circumstances, thanks to the remote
controller provided with the system.

2. APPLICATIONS AND ADDED VALUE OF THE UAVs

Mapping applications may include agricultural applications, mining, construction and
survey/GIS operations. There are many operational benefits related to the use of this solution:

a. The UAVs bring safety to daily survey operations: there is no need for the humans to
access dangerous working areas anymore (mines, quarries, or polluted sites). The missions can
be programmed and reproduced reliably as often as needed for regularly updated maps.

b. The UAVs are a cost-effective solution. It is cheaper to operate a UAS rather than an
aircraft or other ground systems for the same results. Moreover, small UAS like the eBee and the
UX5 can help Ag businesses and farmers face the growing needs of the population while
reducing operational costs. These UAVs also enable the ability to take up new challenges -like
water or environmental management through analysis of vegetation index maps.

c. Users can save time and work more efficiently by using a UAV. A mission does not need a
long preparation time or long deployment constraints, or long waiting time for perfect weather
conditions unlike, for example, the use of satellites. Initial results are accessible directly on-site,
which is impossible with images provided by satellites or manned aircrafts.

d. Lastly, but possibly most importantly, is the efficiency aspects of these systems in the
development, production and maintenance of the infrastructure related to the national energy
issues that are being played out in the extraction of tight oil reserves in various parts of the
United States. MLSs area of service includes the Bakken Reserve in North Dakota and Montana
which is situate in some of the most rural parts of the Country where design/build services
desperately needing the services suggested herein are rare or sometimes non-existent. The ability
ofUAVs to remotely gather information for use in the proper and efficient planning, design,
construction and maintenance of the infrastructure being required by the Bakken will help the
social, economic and safety of the current residents along with the huge influx of workers and
their families.

3. APPLICABLE LEGAL STANDARD UNDER SECTION 333

a. Airworthiness assessment

SenseFly has demonstrated their respective airworthiness through many and varied national
international projects, involving state/federal agencies or universities (among others the New
Mexico State University: https://newscenter.nmsu.edu/Articles/viewII 0208/nmsu-uas-flighttest-
center-conducts-ebee-airworthiness-assessment, and the US Army Corps of Engineers
("USACE") New Orleans, who coordinated with the Department of Army and the FAA to obtain
all authorizations required in order to operate the eBee UAS). Moreover, SenseFly has obtained
flight approvals for the eBee from the national civil aviation authority in many countries,
including:

         Switzerland (flight approval for Visual Line of Sight "VLOS" operations)
         Canada (flight approval for VLOS operations)
         Australia (flight approval for VLOS operations)
         France (flight approval for Extended-VLOS operations)
         Germany (flight approval for VLOS operations)
         United Kingdom (flight approval for VLOS operations)
         Norway (flight approval for VLOS operations)
         Sweden (flight approval for VLOS operations)
    - . Denmark (flight approval for VLOS operations)

Trimble believes that it has shown compliance with the requirements of Order 8130.34C,
Airworthiness Certification of Unmanned Aircraft Systems and Optionally Piloted Aircraft, in its
pending SAC application for the UX5. The criteria set forth in the Order specify the substantive
showings of the device's safety and fitness for operation to ensure that the FAA has sufficient
basis to evaluate the aircraft's safety.6 Trimble submits that completion ofthe SAC process for
the UX5 provides assurance of the public safety for the aircraft type, given the prior review by
the FAA under Part 21 for the predecessor model, the X-100, in connection with the issuance of
a SAC for the X-100

b. Operating Conditions

Grant of the exemption to MLS will be subject to the following operating conditions, The
operator proposed the following conditions and/or limitations, which were accepted by
theFAA.2
1. The UA will weigh less than 55 lbs. Operations will be limited to the SenseFly eBee and
    the Trimble UX5. Proposed operations of any other aircraft will require an amendment to
    the grant of exemption contemplated herein.

2. Flights will be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of a Pilot in Command (PIC)
    and/or Visual Observer (VO).

3. Maximum total flight time for each operational flight will be 30 minutes. Flights will be
    terminated at 25% battery power reserve should that occur prior to the 30 minute limit.

4. Flights will be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet AGL.

5. The UAS will only operate within a confined, preprogrammed survey area.

6. A briefing will be conducted in regard to the planned UAS operations prior to each day's
    flight mission. It will be mandatory that all personnel who will be performing duties
    within the boundaries of the safety perimeter be present for this briefing.

7. Pilot and observer will have been trained in operation ofUAS generally and received up-
    to-date information on the particular UAS to be operated as required in the respective the
    Manuals. The operator's manual will be maintained and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations of an exemption and the procedures outlined in the operator's manual, the
    conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed. Otherwise, the
    operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operator's manual. The operator
    may update or revise its operator's manual. It is the operator's responsibility to track such
    revisions and present updated and revised documents to the Administrator upon request.
    The operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for
    extension or amendment. If the operator determines that any update or revision would
    affect the basis for which the FAA granted this exemption, then the operator must
    petition for amendment to their exemption. The FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80)
    may be contacted if questions arise regarding updates or revisions to the operator's
    manual.

8. PIC and VO will at all times be able to communicate by voice and/or text.

9. Written and/or oral permission from the relevant property holders will be obtained.
10. All required permissions and permits will be obtained from territorial, state, county or
    city jurisdictions, including local law enforcement, fire, or other appropriate
    governmental agencies.

11. Ifthe UAS looses communications or looses its GPS signal, the UAS will have capability
    to return to a pre-determined location within the Survey Area and land.

12. The UAS will have the capability to abort a flight in case ofunpredicted obstacles or
    emergencies.

13. Prior to each flight the PIC must inspect the UAS to ensure it is in a condition for safe
    flight. If the inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the
    aircraft is prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed
    and the UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight. The Ground Control Station, if
    utilized, must be included in the preflight inspection. All maintenance and alterations
    must be properly documented in the aircraft records.

14. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation or
    flight characteristics, e.g. replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo a
    functional test flight in accordance with the operator's manual. The PIC who conducts the
    functional test flight must make an entry in the UAS aircraft records of the flight. The
    requirements and procedures for a functional test flight and aircraft record entry must be
    added to the operator's manual.

15. The operator must follow the manufacturer's UAS aircraft/component, maintenance,
    overhaul, replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements. When unavailable, aircraft
    maintenance/component/overhaul, replacement, and inspection/maintenance
    requirements must be established and identified in the operator's manual. At a minimum,
    the following must be included in the operator's manual:

    a. Actuators I Servos
    b. Transmission (single rotor)
    c. Powerplant (motors)
    d. Propellers
    e. Electronic speed controller
    f. Batteries
    g. Mechanical dynamic components (single rotor)
    h. Remote command and control
    i. Ground control station (ifused)
    j. Any other components as determined by the operator
''

                     16. If planned operations occur within 5 miles of Commercial Services Airport as defined by
                         the FAA,the operator must obtain an Air Traffic Organization (ATO) issued Certificate
                         of Waiver or Authorization (COA) prior to conducting any operations. This COA will
                         also require the operator to request a Notice to Airman (NOTAM) not more than 72 hours
                         in advance, but not less than 48 hours prior to the operation.

                     17. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
                         number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification (N-
                         Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFRpart 45, Subpart C. Markings must be as
                         large as practicable.

                     18. The operator must develop procedures to document and maintain a record of the UAS
                         maintenance, preventative maintenance, alterations, status of replacement/overhaul
                         component parts, and the total time in service of the UAS. The preflight inspection must
                         account for all discrepancies, i.e. inoperable components, items, or equipment, not
                         covered in the relevant preflight inspection sections of the operator's manual.

                     19. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer Safety
                         Bulletins.

                    20. Before conducting operations, the radio frequency spectrum used for operation and
                         control of the UA must comply with the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) or
                         other appropriate government oversight agency requirements.

                    21. The UA must remain clear and yield the right of way to all other manned operations and
                         activities at all times (including, but not limited to, ultralight vehicles, parachute
                         activities, parasailing activities, hang gliders, etc.).

                     22. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
                         operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
                         under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

                     23. The UAS cannot be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

                     24. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet horizontally
                         from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

                     25. The UA may not operate in Class B, C, or D airspace without written approval from the
                         FAA. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of the geographic center of a non-
                         towered airport as denoted on a current FAA-published aeronautical chart unless a letter
                         of agreement with that airport's management is obtained, and the operation is conducted
                         in accordance with a NOTAM as required by the operator's COA. The letter of
                         agreement with the airport management must be made available to the Administrator
                         upon request.
    26. Any 1) incident, 2) accident, or 3) flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
         boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported to
         the Federal Aviation Administration's (FAA) UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24
         hours. Accidents must be reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB)
         per instructions contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov. Further flight
         operations may not be conducted until the incident, accident, or transgression is reviewed
         by AFS-80 and authorization to resume operations is provided.

With this petition intended that MLS will be able to provide safe, reliable and accurate land
surveying services and information to its clients with the use of the latest innovative technology
associated with remotely piloted aircraft.

Your attention to this matter is appreciated.

Respectfully submitted,

Roger W. Meyer PLS
                                                           ANNEXA

 EXEMPTION REQUEST AND EQUIVALENT LEVEL OF SAFETY SHOWINGS
UNDER APPLICABLE RULES SUBJECT TO EXEMPTION

MLS requests an exemption from the following regulations as well as any additional regulations
that may technically apply to the operation of the SenseFiy eBee and the Trimble UX5 ("UAVs):

14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H: Airworthiness Certificates 14 CFR § 91.203

Section 91.203 requires all civil aircraft to have a certificate of airworthiness. Part 21, Subpart H,
entitled Airworthiness Certificates, establishes the procedural requirements for the issuance of
airworthiness certificates as required by FAR§ 91.203(a). Given the size of the Uavs, their very
light weight and the limited operating area associated with its utilization, it is unnecessary to go
through the certificate of airworthiness process under Part 21 Subpart H in order to achieve or
exceed current safety levels.

Such an exemption meets the requirements of an equivalent level of safety under Part 11 and
Section 333 of the Reform Act. The Federal Aviation Act and Section 333 of the Reform Act
both authorize the FAA to exempt aircraft from the requirement for an airworthiness certificate,
upon consideration of the size, weight, speed, operational capability, and proximity to airports
and populated areas of the UAS involved. An analysis of these different criteria demonstrates
that the UAvs operated without an airworthiness certificate, under the conditions proposed in
that exemption, will be at least as safe, or safer, than a conventional aircraft with an
airworthiness certificate.

14 C.F.R. § 45.23 & 14 C.F.R. § 45.29: Display of marks; size of marks

These regulations provide that each aircraft must display "N" and the aircraft's registration
number in letters at least 3 inches high. Additionally, the aircraft must display the word
"EXPERIMENTAL" in letters at least 2 inches high near the entrance to the cabin, cockpit, or
pilot station. Given the size of the UAVs, this requirement is impossible to match.

14. CFR §61.23: Medical certificates: Requirement and duration

Regulations provide that a person:

(1) Must hold a first-class medical certificate:

· When exercising the pilot-in-command privileges of an airline transport pilot certificate;
· When exercising the second-in-command privileges of an airline transport pilot certificate in
a flag or supplemental operation in part 121 of this chapter that requires three or more pilots; or
· When serving as a required pilot flight crewmember in an operation conducted under part
121 of this chapter if the pilot has reached his or her 60th birthday.

(2) Must hold at least a second class medical certificate when exercising:

 · Second-in-command privileges of an airline transport pilot certificate in part 121 of this
chapter (other than operations specified in paragraph (a)(1)(ii) of this section); or
· Privileges of a commercial pilot certificate
Given the size of the UAVs, their structure, the limited flight area, and the safety features
integrated in the autopilot (among others a flight termination system), MLS believes that an
Equivalent Level of Safety can be reached if the operator has a valid driver's license.

14 C.F.R. § 61.3: Requirements for certificates, ratings and authorizations
14 C.F.R. § 61.113(a} & (b); 61.133(a}: Private Pilot Privileges and Limitations; Pilot in
Command; Commercial Pilot Privileges and Limitations

The regulation provides that no person may serve as a required pilot flight crewmember of a
civil aircraft of the United States, unless that person:

(1) Has a pilot certificate or special purpose pilot authorization issued under this part in that
person's physical possession or readily accessible in the aircraft when exercising the privileges
of that pilot certificate or authorization. However, when the aircraft is operated within a foreign
country, a pilot license issued by that country may be used. The regulation provides also that no
person that holds a private pilot certificate may act as pilot in command of an aircraft for
compensation or hire. Subparagraph (b) allows a private pilot to act as pilot in command of an
aircraft in connection with any business or employment if:

(1) The flight is only incidental to that business or employment;

(2) The aircraft does not carry passengers or property for compensation or hire.

Given the safety features of the UAVs and the fact that the missions are pre-programmed and
monitored in real-time with a specific flight management software, MLS proposes that operators
of the UAVs should not be required to hold a commercial or private pilot certification. Instead,
operators should be required to:

· Have completed the UAV manufacturers training program for operation of the UAS. The
manufacturer's training program for eBee operators has been already satisfactorily reviewed
through the Application for Airworthiness Qualification Level (AQL) 3 Airworthiness Release
(AWR). The equivalent level of safety will be achieved by having an operator trained UAVs
manufacturer, and using the integrated features of the aircraft to maintain a high level of safety
during the different missions.

14 C.F.R. § 91.7(a): Civil aircraft airworthiness

Subpart H, entitled Airworthiness Certificates, establishes the procedural requirements for the
issuance of airworthiness certificates as required by FAR §91.203 (a) (1). Given the size and
limited operating area associated with the aircraft to be utilized by the Applicant, an exemption
from Part 21 Subpart H meets the requirements of an equivalent level of safety under Part 11
and Section 333 of the Reform Act. The Federal Aviation Act (49 U.S.C.§44701 (f)) and Section
333 of the Reform Act both authorize the FAA to exempt aircraft from the requirement for an
airworthiness certificate, upon consideration of the size, weight, speed, operational capability,
and proximity to airports and populated areas of the particular UAS. In all cases, an analysis of
these criteria demonstrates that the UAS operated without an airworthiness certificate, in the
restricted environment and under the conditions proposed will be at least as safe, or safer, than
a conventional aircraft (fixed wing or rotorcraft) operating with an airworthiness certificate
without the restrictions and conditions proposed.

14 C.F.R. § 91.9: Civil aircraft flight manual, marking, and placard requirements
..

            The equivalent level of safety will be achieved by keeping a hard copy of the user manual in
             In close proximity to the operator.

            The equivalent level of safety will be provided by having the sUAV marked on its fuselage as
            required by §45.29 (f) where the pilot, observer and others working with the sUAV will see the
             identification of the UAS as "Experimental." The FAA has issued the following exemptions to this
             regulation to Exemptions Nos. 10700, 8738, 10167 and 10167A.

           14 C.F.R. § 91.109(a): Flight Instruction

            The regulation provides that "No person may operate a civil aircraft that is being used for flight
             instruction unless that aircraft has fully functioning dual controls."

            The equivalent level of safety during the in-flight training will be achieved by the manufacturer or
            affiliate providing the training as described in the manufacturer's training program and through
            the use of experienced and qualified instructors familiar with the UAVs

           14 CFR § 91.119: Minimum Safe Altitudes

             Section 91.119 establishes safe altitudes for operation of civil aircraft. The exemption requests
             authority to operate at altitudes up to 400 AGL, It will however be operated in a restricted area
            with security perimeter, where buildings and people will not be exposed to operations without
            their pre-obtained consent

            The equivalent level of safety will be achieved given the size, weight, speed of the UAS as well
            as the location where it is operated. No flight will be taken without the permission of the property
            owner or local officials.

             Compared to flight operations with aircraft weighing far more than those proposed herein and
            the lack of flammable fuel, any risk associated with these operations is far less than those
             presently presented with conventional aircraft.

            14 CFR 91.121: Altimeter settings

            This regulation requires each person operating an aircraft to maintain cruising altitude by
             reference to an altimeter that is set" ...to the elevation of the departure airport or an appropriate
            altimeter setting available before departure." As the UAV may not have a barometric altimeter,
             but instead a GPS altitude read out, an exemption is requested.

            An equivalent level of safety will be achieved by the operator confirming the altitude of the
             launch site shown on the GPS altitude indicator before flight.

           14 C.F.R. § 91.151(a): Fuel Requirements for Flight in VFR Conditions

            The regulation provides that no person may begin a flight in an airplane under day-VFR
            conditions unless there is enough fuel to fly to the first point of intended landing and to fly after
            that for at least 30 minutes. As the UAVs are electric-powered, this requirement is inapplicable.
             In any event, given the contemplated operations, MLS believes that an equivalent level of
            safety is already achieved with the specific procedure preventing the UAVs accepting a take-off
..

             order is the battery level is below a given value. Moreover, the manufacturers have integrated
             low and critical battery level warnings and implemented a "return to home" action in these
             situations.

            14 C.F.R. § 91.203 (a) & (b): Carrying Civil Aircraft Certification and Registration

             This regulation provides as follows:

             · No person may operate a civil aircraft unless it has an appropriate and current airworthiness
             certificate.

             · No person may operate a civil aircraft unless the airworthiness certificate required by
             paragraph (a) of this section or a special flight authorization issued under §91. 715 is
             displayed at the c.abin or cockpit entrance so that it is legible to passengers or crew.

             An equivalent level of safety will be achieved by keeping these documents at the ground control
             point where the pilot flying the UAV will have immediate access to them, to the extent they are
             applicable to such UAV. The FAA has issued numerous exemptions to this regulation. A
             representative sample of other exceptions includes Exemption Nos. 9565, 9665, 9789, 9789A,
             9797, 9797A, 9816A, and 10700.

             14 CFR Subpart E (91.401 - 91.417): Maintenance, Preventive Maintenance, and
             Alterations

             The regulation provides that the operator is primarily responsible for maintaining the aircraft in
            an airworthy condition, including compliance with Parts 39 and 43. Paragraphs 91 A07 and
             91 .409 require the aircraft to be "approved for return to service by a person authorized under
             43.7" after maintenance and inspection. Section 91.409 requires an annual inspection for the
             issuance of an airworthiness certificate. Section 91 A 17 requires the owner or operator to keep
             records showing certain maintenance work that has been accomplished by certificated
             mechanics, under Part 43, or licensed pilots and records of approval of the aircraft for return to
             service.

             MLS proposes that the maintenance of the UAVs will be accomplished by the owner or the
             operator according to the manufacturers user manuaL

             Given that these section and Part 43 apply only to aircraft with an airworthiness certificate,
             these sections will not apply to the applicant Maintenance will be accomplished by the operator
             pursuant to the flight manual and operating handbook as referenced herein. An equivalent level
             of safety will be achieved because these small UAVs are very limited in size and will carry a
             small payload and operate only in restricted areas for limited periods of time. If mechanical
             issues arise the UAV can land immediately and will be operating from no higher than 400 feet
             AGL. The operator will ensure that the UAS is in working order prior to initiating flight, perform
             required maintenance, and keep a log of any maintenance performed. Moreover, the operator is
             the person most familiar with the aircraft and best suited to maintain the aircraft in an airworthy
             condition to provide the equivalent level of safety.
