August 31, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12670
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA-2015-1067

Dr. Roger D. Duffell, Ph.D.
1416 Arblay Place
Loganville, GA 30052-4140

Dear Dr. Duffell:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letters dated April 10 and July 17, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation
Administration (FAA) for an exemption. You requested to operate an unmanned aircraft
system (UAS) to conduct aerial photography, videography, and cinematography.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a DJI Phantom 2 Vision+.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
                                                                                                                 2

14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

· They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

· The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

· A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Dr. Roger D. Duffell is granted an exemption from
14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c),
91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to
the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Dr. Roger D. Duffell is hereafter referred to as the operator.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                                                 3

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom 2
         Vision+ when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations
         of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
         must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
         documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
         Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
         limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
         the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
         Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
         documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
         operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
         documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
                                                                                                            4

    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
                                                                                                            5

    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.
                                                                                                               6

   23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
       any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
       PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
       These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
       official upon request.

   24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
       activities at all times.

   25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

   26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
       persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
          a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
             from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
             that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
             where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
             the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
             of nonparticipating persons; and
          b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
             for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
             the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
             present an undue hazard.

       The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
       nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

   27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
       permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
       Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
       obtained for each flight to be conducted.

   28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
       boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
       to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
       reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
       contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

   29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
       as documented in this grant of exemption.
                                                                                                                 7

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.

This exemption terminates on September 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
                             Roger D. Duffell, PhD

                    1416 Arblay Place · Loganville, Georgia 30052-4140
                           Phone: 770.560.1826 · Fax: 770.454.0038

Docket Management Facility
U.S. Department of Transportation
1200 New Jersey Ave, SE

West Building Ground Floor, Room W12-140

Washington, DC 20590

                                                                        Friday, April 10, 2015

RE: Exemption Request Section 333 of the FAA Reform Act of the Federal Aviation Regulations

Dear Sir or Madam,

I, Roger Duffell, am writing pursuant to the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 20 12, to request that I, Roger
Duffell, an owner and operator of a UAS, FAA Registration# N539YQ, be issued a Certificates of Waiver or
Authorization (COA) from the Federal Aviation Administration so that I, Roger Duffell, may operate my unmanned
aircraft system ("UAS") commercially in airspace regulated by the Federal Aviation Administration ("FAA'').

As described herein I, Roger Duffell, am currently an FAA Licensed Private Pilot with current Class III Medical
Certificate; also experienced (30 years) in flying hobby radio controlled airplanes, helicopters, and FAR Part 103
ultralights, and para motor aircraft for recreational purposes, all without incursions or incidences. I currently have a
hobby grade quad-copter1 UAS, equipped with an integrated camera, FAA Registration# N539YQ with intent to
use it for aerial photography and videography/cinematography to enhance my engineering consulting business as it
relates to and for those individuals and companies unfamiliar with the geographical/topographical layout of the
area; augment real estate appraisal agents for commercial and residential properties, also for inspections and
documentation of the same. I also maintain a second quad-copter1 of the same that serves as a backup unit.

As a private pilot, I am committed to safety with each flight, My, Roger Duffell's, exemption request would permit
operation of my ultra-light weight (2.8 lbs), unmanned (piloted by remote control) in tightly controlled and limited
airspace, in accordance with all limits of model/recreational use. Not to exceed an altitude of greater than 400'
AGL, to maintain a 100' buffer to general aviation ("GA") space. Maintaining Line of Sight with the UAS, and
with support from a spotter and within VFR conditions. Areas of operation to be well clear of Class A&B airspace
as indicated on current Sectional Charts, airports, and helipads, and away from congested areas for community
videos, and within property boundaries for residence and/or commercial real estate videos/photos.

I, Roger Duffell, have personally instilled and maintain safety protocols and controls2 to avoid and prevent a public
hazard, as well as to manned aircraft in GA space. I intend to educate others to further safety protocols exclusive to
lightweight UAS's specific to engineering survey and documenting, and real estate video/photography usage. I will
record flight data and other information gained through permitted commercial flight operations to share with the
FAA upon request to assist with future protocol and safety regulation.

  1 Appendix A- DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ User Manual
 2 Appendix B - Safety Protocols and Controls

                                          Page I of!
             Appendix A

 DJI Phantom 2 Vision + V3.0
         User Manual V1.8
                 2015.01
               (52 Pages)

Roger Duffell · 1416 Arblay Place · Loganville, Georgia 30052-4140
                 Phone: 770.560.1826 · Fax: 770.454.0038

              Section 333 Petition for Exemption -Appendix A
                                           Page 1 ofl
              2 II      +

          anual [yj:Q]

2015.01
Phantom 2 Vision + User Manual

[vifiJ 2o15.o1

Please read this manual carefully before using the product.

Use your Phantom carefully. It contains sensitive electronic components and may be damaged when dropped, crashed
or exposed to water. Never fly a damaged Phantom.

Maintenance
Do not open or attempt to repair Phantom by yourself as doing so may cause damage to the Phantom or cause injury. If
the Phantom is not operating normally or has come into contact with liquid, contact a DJI authorized dealer or DJI customer
service. Learn more at www.dji.com/support

Battery
Never disassemble, pinch, crush, burn, drop or tread on the DJI smart flight battery. Never short or allow the metal contacts
on the battery tenninal to touch. Do not expose batteries to extreme temperatures. Always use the OJI approved charger to
charge the battery. Keep the DJI battery away from children and store it in a cool, dry place.

Please read the Disclaimer before using your Phantom 2 Vision+.

Using This Manual

0 Warning  ~ Important                '\j: Hints and Tips    Eel References or Definitions

Except when specifically stated, all descriptions in this manual are for Phantom mode, not Naza-M mode.

The following tutorials and manuals have been produced to ensure you to make full use of your Phantom 2 Vision+.
(1) Disclaimer
(2) Phantom 2 Vision+ Quick Start Guide
(3) Phantom 2 Vision+ User Manual
(4) Phantom PilotTraining Guide
Watching all the tutorial videos and reading the Disclaimer before flight is recommended. Afterwards, prepare your first
flight using the Phantom 2 Vision+ Quick Start Guide. Improve your flying skills in subsequent flights using the Phantom
Pilot Training Guide. Refer to this manual for more comprehensive information. Experienced users, particularly those with
DJI Phantom 2 Vision experience should skip to the Phantom 2 Vision+ Quick Start Guide to begin preparing for flight.

Please watch the tutorial videos below to learn how to use Phantom 2 Vision+
correctly and safely.
http://www.dji.com/phantom2visionplus/training/
Phantom 2 Vision+ official tutorial videos

Download and install the DJI VISION App. Choose one of the download methods below.

Search "DJI VISION" on the App Store then follow instructions for iOS version.
Search "DJI VISION" on Google Play then follow instructions for Android version.

iOS6.1 or above Android 4.0 or above
Contents

Important Safety Notice             2     5.2 Power on the Remote Controller 17

Using This Manual                         5.3 Remote Controller Power LED Status

Key 2                                     Information                                                 17

Important                           2     5.4 Battery Level Indicator                                 17

Before Flight                       2     5.5 Antenna Orientation                                     17

Watch the Tutorial Videos           2     5.6 Remote Controller Operation                             18

         Download DJI VISION App    2     5.7 Linking the Remote Controller and

Overview                                  Receiver                                                    19

1 In the Box                        5     Linking Procedures                                          19

2 Introduction                      6     Link Indicator                                              19

Assembly and Use                          5.8 Compliance Version Configuration 19

1 Removing Gimbal Clamp             7     6 Preparing the Range Extender                              20
                                            6.1 Introduction                                          20
2 Preparing the Battery             7

2.1 DJI Smart Flight Battery        7     SYSTEM Indicator                                            20

2.2 Usages                          8     POWER Indicator                                             20

2.3 Charging the Flight Battery     9     Binding Reset Button                                        20

2.4 Battery Installation            10    6.2 Using Range Extender                                    20

2.5 Correct Battery Usage Notes     10    Charging the Range Extender 20

3 Preparing the Phantom 2 Vision+ 11      Powering on the Range Extender 21

3.1 Introduction                    11    Checking the Battery Level                                  21

3.2 Built-in Flight Control System  11    6.3 Rename Range Extender SSID 21

FC Assistant Port                   11    6.4 Binding the Phantom 2 Vision+ and

3.3 LED Flight Indicator Descriptions 12  Range Extender                                              21

3.4 3-axial Stabilized Gimbal       12    7 Downloading and Installing the

Anti-drop Kit                       13    DJI VISION App                                              22

Micro-SO Slot                       13    7.1 Download and Install                                    22

Gimbal Error Warnings               13    7.2 Register and Login                                      23

3.5 Carnera                         14    [1] Register                                                23

Lens cap removal                    14    [2] Login                                                   23

Camera Function Buttons             14    [3] Usage tips                                              23

Camera Data Port                    14    8 Connecting the Camera                                     24

Camera LED Indicator                15    8.1 Connecting Procedures                                   24

4 Attaching the Propellers          15    Wi-Fi Computer Connection Status

4.1 Introduction                    15    Description                                                 24

4.2 Assembly                        15    Flight

4.3 Removing the Propellers         16                Flight Environment Requirements                 25

4.4 Notes                           16    Preflight Checklist                                         25

5 Preparing the Remote Controller 16      1 Calibrating the Compass                                   25
                                             1.1 Calibration Procedures                               25
5.1 The Remote Controller           17

                                                     :[) :}0' fj [).Jl. A!! Hiqr11t~ He.':to-E'h·J<i  3
1.2 When to Recalibrate                        26  [14] Hide or Show Flight Parameters 35

2 Starting/Stopping the Motors                 26  [15] Rear LED Flight Indicator Status 35

2.1 Starting Motors                            26  3 Camera Settings                      35

2.2 Stopping Motors                            26  [1] Capture Mode                       35

3 Flight Test                                  26  [2] Photo Size                         36

3.1Take off/Landing Procedures                 26  [3] Video Resolution                   36

3.2 Video Suggestions and Tips                 27  [4] Photo Format                       36

4 Failsafe Function                            27  [5] Selectable ISO                     36

4.1 When Will Failsafe Activate?               27  [6] White Balance                      36

4.2 Failsafe Procedure                         27  [7] Exposure Metering                  36

Failsafe on the DJI VISION App 28                  [8] Exposure Compensation              37

4.3 Regaining Control During Failsafe              [9] Sharpness                          37

Procedures                                     28  [10] Anti-flicker                      37

5 Low Battery Level Warning Function 28            [11] Restore Defaults                  37
   Low Battery Level Warning on the DJI
                                                   [12] Format Micro-SO Card              37

VISIONApp                                      29  4Aibum Page                            37

6 Flight Limits                                30  4.1 SD Card Album                      37

6.1 Max Height & Radius Limits                 30  4.2 Mobile Device Photo Album          38

6.2 Flight Restriction of Restricted Areas 30      5 News Page                            39

6.3 Conditions of Flight Limits                32  6 Settings Page                        39

6.4 Disclaimer                                 32  7 Ground Station                       42
                                                     7.1 Ground Station GUI               42
DJI VISION App Usage
                                               32               7.2 Using Ground Station  43
         1 DJI VISION App Main Menu
                                                   PC I MAC Assistant
2 Camera Page                                  33

[1] Return                                     33  1 Installing Driver and Phantom 2 Vision+

[2] Camera Pitch Control                       33  Assistant                              45

Normal Mode                                    33  1.1 Installing and Running on Windows 45

Accelerometer Sensor Mode                      33  1.2 Installing and Running on Mac OS X 45

[3] Flight Attitude and Radar Function 34          2 Using Assistant                      46

[4] Flight Parameters                          34  2. 1 Using the Phantom 2 Vision+ Assistant 46

[5] Wi-Fi Signal Strength                      34  2.2 RrmNa/'eUpgradeofthePhantcrn2VISion+ 46

[6] Flight Battery Level                       34  2.3 Using the Phantom RC Assistant 47

[7] Aircraft GPS Status                        34  Appendix

[8] Micro-SO Card Status                       34  1 Rear LED Flight Indicator Status 48

[9] Range Extender Battery Level               34  2 Specifications                       48

[10] Remaining Shots                           34  3 Troubleshooting (FAQ)                49

[11] Shutter Button                            35

[12] Video Recording Button                    35

[13] Camera Settings                           35

4 {Q: 20·~5 fXL ..L\H Hiuht:s H:::t~efV!.i'O.
Overview                                                                                                                         5'
                                                                                                                                 :;.
The Phantom 2 Vision+ is the next evolution of the Phantom 2 Vision. It features the same App enabled First Person View
(FPV), high performance camera, remote camera control and in-flight content sharing, but adds to it a high performance           CD
3- axial camera stabilization system. It is ideal for aerial creativity whether photo or video. In addition, it provides ground
station function which allows users to plan the flight mission and enables aircraft to flight automatically.                     IJJ
                                                                                                                                 0
ffi FPV: First Person View, see the world from the perspective of the craft and feel a true flying experience.
                                                                                                                                 X

Check that all of the following items have been included in your package before use. If anything is missing, please
contact your local dealer.

Aircraft             Integrated gimbal and camera

                     Inserted in aircraft Micro-SO slot

7 Remote Controller  Includes attached Phone Holder and
                     Range Extender

11 Power Cables      2 GB&CE
12
13 Micro-USB Cable          For range extender charging and
                            firmware upgrade
Overview

15 Stickers                                                   Colors: Pink, Blue
17 Anti-drop Kit
                                                              lnmaiiJ;t~nance packet

                                                                                      ~;~::''

                                                       2 In maintenance packet

19 Landing Pad                                         4 In maintenance packet

The Phantom 2 Vision+ package includes: Phantom, Camera, Gimbal, Propulsion System, Flight Control System,
Remote Controller and Wi-Fi Communication System. 5.8 GHz Remote Controller Receiver, Right Control System and 2.4
GHz Wi-Fi Module are inside the Phantom.

5.8GHz            3-axial Stabilized Gimbal  Phantom-Ready to Fly and Ready  Flight Control System
                                             to Fly(non-GPS)                 2.4GHz Wi-Fi Module
2 sticks, 7 channels Camera                  NAZA-M-GPS, ATII, Manual and    5.8GHz Receiver
                                             Failsafe                        Electronic Speed
                  Motors and Props                                           Controls(ESCs)

          MobilH [}(Nice,
          with DJI VISION APP

                                             Figure 1
                                                                                                                       Assembly and Use

'\f: Choose between Phantom and Naza-M working modes using Phantom 2 Vision+ Assistant. If using Naza-M

         mode, please refer to the NAZA-M V2 Quick Start Manual for related instructions.
 "~"=! · Phantom: Flight settings will be selected automatically depending on whether 6 or more satellites have been

         found. This mode allows users to configure the Remote Controller and gain values, and use Failsafe and battery
         level warnings.
       · Naza-M: Flight settings will be identical to the Naza-M V2. Users can choose between GPS, Attitude, or Manual
         mode. They can also access advanced settings including Intelligent Orientation Control (IOC). Rear LED Flight
         Indicators will display the flight status according to the Naza-M indicator.
       · Ready to Fly: When 6 or more GPS satellites have been found, the Flight Control System will lock its home point

       and Rear LED Flight Indicators will blink a slow green C(G: ······). This mode is ideal for beginners.

       · Ready to Fly (non-GPS): When less than 6 GPS satellites have been found, the Flight Control System will
         stabilize itself less than in full Ready to Fly mode and will require more skilled flying. Rear LED Flight Indicators

       will blink a slow yellow C(Y:' ······).

Assembly and Use

Follow the below instructions to prepare for flight.

Pull gimbal clamp in the direction indicated to remove.

                                        0 To avoid damage to the gimbal, remove Gimbal Clamp

                                              before powering up the Phantom.

                                        '\f: Attach the Gimbal Clamp during transportation or long

                                              term storage to avoid damage.

Figure 2

Ensure all related devices are fully charged before flying the Phantom 2 Vision+.

            Remote Controller           2000mAh rechargeable LiPo battery

                          ·.. """"      fulfytflr~~~~~~Mlcro-USB si<)fS~~ Charging tbe'R~l\ge
                                        EXtender (Page 20) for details,:, , .
             Range Ext:endei'                                                                ···

Aircraft (including gimbal and camera)                       DJI Smart Flight Battery.

    · / ·. Mobil(;l Device 1: ,ii:      .:.:r f:uuychW/J~pelor~ using tl1e l:#i~ISICJN App:

2.1 DJI Smart Flight Battery

This battery has been specially designed for the Phantom 2 series. It has a battery capacity of 5200mAh, voltage of
11.1V and charge-discharge management functionality. It can only be charged with a DJI charger or Phantom 2 Car
Charger.

Smar~ Flighi Bal:iery                   DJ! Charger
                                        Figure 4
     Figure 3
Assembly and Use

DJI Smart Flight Battery Functions

(1) Balance Charging                Automatically balances the voltage of each battery cell during charging.
(2) Capacity Display                Displays current battery levels.
(3) Communication                   Communicates with Flight Controller about battery voltage, capacity, current and
                                    other relevant information.
(4) Overcharge Protection           Charging stops automatically when battery voltage reaches 12.8V to prevent
                                    overcharge damage.
(5) Over Discharge Protection       Discharging stops automatically when battery voltage reaches 8.4V to prevent
                                    over discharge damage.
(6) Short Circuit Protection        Automatically cuts power supply when a short circuit is detected.
(7) Sleep Protection                Sleep mode is entered after 10 minutes of inactivity to save power.
(8) Charging Temperature Detection
                                    The battery will charge only when the temperature is between ooc (32°F) and

                                    40°C (104°F).

Battery Specifications                              LiPo
                                                    11.1V, 5200mAh
Type                                                0°C-40°C
Capacity                                            -20°C-500C
Charging Environment Temperature                    <80%
Discharging Environment Temperature
Charging/Discharging Environment Relative Humidity

& Please read the user manual, disclaimer, and battery warnings before use. Users take full responsibility for all

      operations and usage.

2.2 Usages

Powering on/off

Powering on: Press Circular Power Button once, then press again and hold for 2 seconds to power on. Power Light will
                 go red and Battery Level Indicators will show the current battery level.

Powering off: Press Circular Power Button once, then press again and hold for 2 seconds to turn off. Battery Level
                 Indicators will all go out.

                                                                               r-----LED1
                                                                                    ,-----LED:?.
                                                                                       ~......--LED3
                                                                                     .----\,-LED4

                                                                                                       Circu!ar PoWE!r Button
                                                                                             (Buill-in Power Ughl)
                                                               '---e=:::.._---Ba1tery Level Indicators
                                                                 Figure 5

Checking the battery level

When the battery is powered off, press the Circular Power Button once. Battery Level Indicators will light up to show
battery level. See below for details.

ffi Battery Level Indicators will show the current battery level during charging and discharging. The indicators are

defined below.    ULED blinks

0 LED is on
0 LED is off
                                                                                                                        Assembly and Use

Battery life
When the battery is powered off, press and hold the Circular Power Button for 5 seconds to check battery life. Battery
Level Indicators will show light up and the Battery Power Indicators will blink for 10 seconds. All lights will then turn off.
For details, please see below.

                                                                                                        Less than 20%

& When batter life reaches 0, it is no longer operational.

E§ More battery information is available in the battery tab of the Phantom 2 Vision+ Assistant.
2.3 Charging the Flight Battery

(1) Connect charger to wall socket (100-240V, 50/60Hz, using the Plug Adaptors if necessary).
(2) Connect battery to charger. If the current capacity of the battery is over 75%, you should turn it on before beginning

    to charge.
(3) Battery Level Indicators will display current capacity level as the battery charges.
(4) Battery is fully charged when Battery Level indicator lights are off. Disconnect the charger and battery when charging

    is complete.

                                                                    Figure 6
Assembly and Use

 ;\): The Smart Flight Battery can be charged using an optional Phantom 2 Car Charger. This can charge the battery
         in-car or through 3S-6S Li-Po batteries. Contact your authorized dealer or DJI customer service for details.

Lr:. ·Battery should only be charged with the charger provided by DJI. DJI does not take any responsibility for

         damage caused by third party chargers.
       ·If current battery level is over 75%, the battery should be turned on before charging.

2.4 Battery Installation

Push battery into battery compartment according to the below diagram. When you hear a click, the battery has been
properly installed.

                                           Lr:. An incorrectly installed battery may cause

                                                                                      · Bad contact,
                                                                                      · Unavailable battery information,
                                                                                      · Unsafe flight,
                                                                                      · Inability to take off.

                                Figure 7

2.5 Correct Battery Usage Notes

(1) When the battery is turned on, do not connect it to or disconnect it from the Phantom.
(2) Charge and discharge the battery completely once every 20 charge/discharge cycles. Discharge the battery until

    there is less than 8% power or until it can no longer be turned on, then recharge it to maximum capacity. This power
     cycling procedure will optimize the battery.
(3) For long term storage, place the battery with only a 40-50% charge in a strong battery box. Discharge and charge
     the battery once every 3 months to keep it in good condition. Charge amount should be varied in these maintenance
     charges- (40%-50%}-0%-100%-{40%-50%).
(4) Purchase a new battery after your current battery has been discharged over 300 times. Completely discharge a
     battery prior to disposal. Please dispose of batteries properly.
(5) Purchase a new battery if your current battery swells up or is damaged in any way.
(6) Never recharge or fly with a battery that is swollen or damaged in any way.
(7) Never charge batteries unattended. Always charge batteries on a non-flammable surface such as concrete and
    never near any flammable materials.
(8) Safety is extremely important. For more information, please see the Disclaimer.

 ;\): Discharging methods:
        Slow: Place battery in Phantom and turn on. Leave on until there is less than 8% of power left or until the battery
        can no longer be turned on. See DJI VISION App for battery levels. Motors do not need to be turned on,
        reducing wear.
        Fast: Fly the Phantom outdoors until there is less than 8% of power left or until the battery can no longer be
        turned on.
                                                                                     Assembly and Use

The Phantom 2 Vision+ is a quadrotor with a built-in Flight Control System with integrated gimbal and camera. It features
an FC Assistant Port, Camera Data Port and a specialized battery compartment for its flight battery. All these features
make the Phantom 2 Vision+ easy to assemble and configure.

3.1 Introduction                                                                  [1] Propeller (P15)                           "lJ
                                                                                  [2] Motor
.,. [1.1                                                                          [3] Front Sticker                             iil
                                                                                  [4] Front LED (P12)
[2j [:{                                                                           [5] FC Assistant Port (Micro-USB slot) (P46}  "0
                                                                                  [6] Vibration Absorber
[4]                                                                               [7] Camera LED Indicator (P15)                :~;·
                                                                                  [8] Camera Function Button (P14)              co
i:i [5)                                                                           [9] Anti-drop Kit (P13)                       :;:
    [7]                                                                          [10] 3-axial Stabilized Gimbal (P12)           m
                                                                                 [11] Camera Lens (P14}
                                   Figure iJ                                     [12] Rear LED Flight Indicator (P12)            "lJ
                                                                                 [13] DJI Smart Flight Battery (P7)              :;,-
                                                                                 [14] Receiver Antenna (P17)                    Ill
                                                                                 [15] Landing Gear                               ::J
                                                                                 [16] Camera Data Port (Micro-USB slot) (P14)
                                                                                 [17] Compass (P25)                             0
                                                                                 [18] Micro-SO Slot (P13)                       3

                                                                                                                                 [\)

                                                                                                                                <

                                                                                                                                ioii·'

                                                                                                                                 ::J

                                                                                                                                +

[14]------hl                                  'lj)j-----["!71
[."15]-------+1

                   Figure 9

                   Figure 10

3.2 Built-in Flight Control System

The Phantom 2 Vision+ is equipped with a DJI Naza-M V2 Flight Control System. This provides incredible ease of use
and stability. Pilots can control the Phantom's movements in many directions, including pitch (forwards and backwards},
roll (left and right), elevator (up and down) and yaw (turn left or right). The flight control system also can provide IOC,
Failsafe and battery level warnings.

Flight Controller  Acts as the brains of the complete flight control system, responsible for connecting and
IMU                controlling all the modules together.

                   Has a qUilf+in inertia!)el:fsorand .C! \:>C!roi'n~lric altimeii'ir ihat'rheas\.lres p(i)h attiiude C!nd
                   ai!itv~e,::: ·             ·
                                                                                 ·   ··

GPS & Compass      The compass reads geomagnetic information and assists the GPS (Global Position System)

                   to accurately calculate the position and height of the aircraft.

L.E,[):FJ!B"iiii~dicC!t9r$; 'n'lndicates.t~e·statu~-of fJi~fiibc:J~tr(JI:,~#em.

FC Assistant Port

The flight control system communicates with the PC Assistant through a Micro-USB cable between the Phantom FC
Assistant Port and the PC. Users can use Assistant to configure the aircraft and upgrade the Phantom firmware. Please
refer to Using the Phantom 2 Vision+ Assistant (Page 46) for details.
Assembly and Use

3.3 LED Flight Indicator Descriptions

LED flight indicators are found at the front and the rear of the Phantom. Front LEOs are for indicating where the nose of
the aircraft is. They light up solid red after motors have started spinning. Rear LED Flight Indicators light up to show the
aircraft's current flight status once the flight battery is powered on. For details, please see the below table.

                  Front LEDs  Rear LED
                              Hight Indicators

5'                                              Figure 12

CD

:":Ur Figure ·11

Ill
::>

0
3

1\J

<o;·
c;·
+::>

                                                                                                               Calibrating the Compass
                                                                                                                 get details;_

,Lh If a solid red -:(~l: LED indicator appears, connect to the Phantom 2 Vision+ Assistant for details and resolution.

        This may be caused by:
        · IMU calibration required: Recalibrate IMU using Assistant.
        · IMU is abnormal: Repair required.
        · Compass is abnormal: Repair required.
        · Remote Controller mid-point is set abnormally: Refer to How to solve large margin(s) mid-point error? (Page 49)

3.4 3-axial Stabilized Gimbal

The 3-axial stabilized gimbal of the Phantom 2 Vision+
will power on and self-check each time the flight battery
is installed and powered on. Its pitch can be controlled
using the DJI VISION App. This gimbal has two working
modes, Non-FPV mode and FPV mode, with the Non-FPV
mode set as default. This can be configured in Phantom 2
Vision+ Assistant or the DJI VISION App.

                                                                                                                       ···90<"
                                                                                                              Figure 13
                                                                                                                             Assembly and Use

EEJ ·Non-FPV Mode: the gimbal will stabilize across 3-axial for smooth aerial creativity.

        · FPV Mode (First Person View Mode): Gimbal will lock to the movements of the Phantom for a FPV experience.

Anti-drop Kit

The Anti-drop Kit helps keep the gimbal and camera
connected to the aircraft. Two have been mounted on
delivery. If new ones are required, take the gimbal and
press part [1] through the center hole of the Vibration
Absorber the center hole of part [2]. Lock them together
as shown in [3]. Mounting the Anti-drop Kit diagonally is
recommended.

                                                                                                              Figure 14

& Once part [1] and part [2] are connected, the Anti-drop Kit cannot be disconnected and reused.

Micro-SO Slot

With flight battery powered off, make sure the Micro-SO
card is inserted correctly into the Micro-SO Slot before
taking any photos or recording any video.

The Phantom 2 Vision+ comes with a 4GB Micro-SO card                        Figure 15
and can support cards up to 32GB. The OJI VISION App
may not be able to read some Micro-SO cards. Using
the DJI VISION App to reformat new Micro-SO cards is
recommended.
Refer to Format Micro-SO Card (Page 37) for details.

0 Do not insert or remove Micro-SD card when flight battery is powered on.

Gimbal Error Warnings

Before the aircraft takes off, if a gimbal motor error is detected or the gimbal clamp is not removed, there will be a

warning prompt on the camera page of the DJI VISION App. This will disappear after the problem is resolved.
                                         .. .. .,.. .,.,._.,..,.
                                                        lo.'                                                  ~·· <:< ......, ...,.          he·

                                                                                                                                     r. .-lo-.'
0~ -.: ~ [0 lirA ~PIG&..eRemoveTheGimbalClamp            11"lCC~                                                                     ~~·"

                                                        [§!D                                                                                '

                                                                            GlmbaiMotorErrot,P»eMChtldr.

~                                        Spe;ed:O.Omph  r - -®- -  I~                                         Spa:ed:O.Omph          -$

"\._\.4%,. Diataoce:O.Oft Al~lud&:O.Ofl  -·                GJ      t\..._'f./_/oistance:O.Oft Allitude:O.Oft                            GJ

                                                                            FI~Jure 17
Assembly and Use

& ·Remove gimbal clamp before powering on flight battery.

       · Gimbal motor error may occur in these situations: (1) Gimbal is placed on uneven ground. (2) Gimbal has
          received an excessive external force, e.g. a collision. Please take off from flat, open ground and protect the
          gimbal after powering up.

       · Flying in heavy fog or cloud may make the gimbal wet, leading to a temporary failure. The gimbal will recover
          when it dries out.

3.5Camera

The Phantom 2 Vision+ camera powers up when the flight battery has been installed and switched on. Photos and
videos can be shot by pressing either the onboard button or the DJI VISION App. For aerial photography it supports
burst shots, continuous capture and timed capture, and exports to both Adobe DNG Raw and JPEG. For aerial video, it
shoots in full HD at (1080p30/1080i60) and can even shoot 720p60 for internet ready slow motion.

Sensor Size     1/2.3"

Pixels             4384x3288                                :!!·<::;:!!:: .
Resolution
\}D F\~99tding  .·.. 1oeoP:~8·l,/PI30i!lOf720P~O
Recording FOV      110°/85°

Lens cap removal                                                               Figure 18
Remove lens cap before use and replace it when
shooting is complete to protect the camera lens.

Camera Function Buttons
Capture: Press (hold less than 2 seconds) to take a single

           capture.
Record: Press (hold more than 2 seconds) to begin

           recording. Press again to stop.

Camera Data Port
Connect the Camera Data Port to a PC using a Micro-USB
cable to copy files to a PC.

                                                                 Figure 19

& Photos and videos can only be copied when the flight battery is powered on.
                                                                                                                       Assembly and Use

Camera LED Indicator
Camera LED Indicator lights up after the flight battery is powered on. It provides information on the working status of the
camera.

     Green Solid

i<Wi:~lti~ Gr~~f1 sli~k·(6:~ on; 1,asPff}

·:(g\ Green Blink(0.1s on, 0.3s off, 0.1son, 1.8s off) ON    Micro-SO card connected to PC
·;;~·~~i-~te~g·Bii~~.·~P:M8n;.o.3s·Gif)'''''''

I._(J,·· Orange Solid                                OFF       Recording
                                                     ON/OFF
'\QJ· Orange slihk Onte{o.2§~~; 0.3s off)                    .. Ta~ng ~;~it1gle pi1tY\~:i..
'  . ,.; .. ·.;:;;(:~...  . .:!.':\;.j
                                                               Taking 3 or 5 photos per shot
fQ[ Orange Blink 3 Times(0.1 s on, 0.1 s off)

··~i.oran~r·FB;~~~~i~k _(o:·~'§::6ri;·3.~~~~),.,

:i~·'pj Green, Orange (0.2s green, 1.8s orange) ON           Recording

~~~~§ct s61rd

·:~):- Slow Red Blink (0.2s on, 1.8s off)            ON/OFF  CMOS sensor error

·K~,··~~#:~Iiq~.onq~~o;2s·on,·Ois~~(f)                     t'il='i:':;;;:r·+:m;i,iA. .~pxrati.?~.~~~~Jct

:(F;\ Red Blink3 Times(0.1s on, 0.1s off)            ON/OFF  Micro-SD card error

iE,l Fast Red Blink$; (p.;1s.on.o:3s off}            ON/OFF  Upgra<:j~~rr<ir.

:(g';.:(($:/i'J):· Fast Green, Orange and Red Blink          Overheated Camera

  · · · (0.1 son, 0.3s off)

Always use original 9-inch propellers, classified by the color of each central nut.

4.1 Introduction

Fastening/                                                                     ' ' Attach to rpgt9fWith black dot.
Un-fastening
Instructions              e") Lock: Tighten propeller in this direction.

                          'b") Unlock: Loosen propeller in this direction.

4.2 Assembly

(1) (Figure 20) Remove warning cards from motors after you have read them.
(2) (Figure 21) Spin grey marked propellers clockwise onto unmarked motors and black marked propellers anti-

     clockwise for black marked motors.

                          Fi~JUre 20                                                 Figure 21
Assembly and Use                                                                    Figure 22

0 Propellers self tighten during flight. DO NOT use thread locker.

Lt, ·Always match marked props with the corresponding motor.

        · Protective gloves are recommended during propeller assembly and removal.

4.3 Removing the Propellers

(Figure 22) Prevent motor rotation using the included wrench or a
hand, then remove propeller according to the un-fastening instructions.

4.4 Notes

(1) Check that propellers and motors are installed correctly and firmly
     before every flight.

(2) Ensure that all propellers are in good condition before each flight.
     DO NOT use any ageing, chipped, or broken propellers.

(3) To avoid injury, STAND CLEAR of and DO NOT touch propellers or
    motors when they are spinning.

(4) ONLY use original DJI propellers for a better and safer flight experience.

Lt, For beginner flyers, Phantom 2 Prop Guards are recommended. Contact your authorized dealer or DJI customer

      seNice to purchase if necessary.

lt:wrrG!Mil,IMIIIII· ._J-iiBil._ll_

The Phantom 2 Vision+ Remote Controller is a wireless communication device using the 5.8GHz frequency band.
Remote Controller and Phantom are paired before delivery.
For upgraded remote controller (models: NPVT581, NDJ6 or NRC900), select "Upgrade Version" in Phantom Assistant.
For basic remote controller (models: PVT581, DJ6 or RC900), select "Basic Version" in Phantom Assistant.
The Remote Controller is set to Mode 2 by default. This can be adjusted in the PHANTOM RC Assistant. See Using the
PHANTOM RC Assistant (Page 47) for details. You can also adjust the power of your Remote Controller according to
national regulations. Please refer to Compliance Version Configuration (Page 19).

ffi ·Compliance Version: The Phantom 2 Vision+ Remote Controller is compliant with CE and FCC (see the FCC ID)

         regulations.
       · Operating Mode: Mode 1 and Mode 2 refer to different channel mappings.
       · Mode 1: The right stick controls throttle.
       · Mode 2: The left stick controls throttle.

'\): The Range Extender and Phone Holder are already mounted on the Remote Controller. Twist the Mobile Device
         Holder to face outwards and fix it in position for mobile device installation.

0 Large smartphones and tablets are not recommended for the Phone Holder as they do not Itt.
                                                                                        Assembly and Use

5.1 The Remote Controller                              [1] Antenna
                                                       [2] LeftDial
         [2}                         [3]               [3] Switch S1
                                                       [4] Switch S2 (Reserved)
,13 [4]                                                [5] Right Stick: J1. Roll [left & right].
   f*t
         [6]                                                                J2, Pitch [front & back]
.J4 ...                                                [6] Left Stick: J3, Throttle [up & down],

         [7]-I---..T                                                      J4, Yaw [rotation]
                                                       [7] Neck Strap Attachment
         [;~; P~j[B] ::s::~-:~-[_..7']-t--[10]  [12]   [8] Power Switch
                         Figure 24                     [9] Power Indicator
                                                      [10] Battery Charge & RC Assistant Port (micro-USB port)
                                                      [11] Battery Level Indicator
                                                      [12] Training Port (on back)

5.2 Power on the Remote Controller

(1) Set S1 and S2 switches to the upper most position and place all sticks in the mid-point.
(2) Toggle power switch to the right to switch on.
(3) There will be a power on indicator beep. If the remote controller is set to be CE compliant, then

     there will be one beep, while the FCC compliant version will emit two beeps. The battery level
     indicator displays the current battery level. The indicator will blink green quickly, indicating the
     remote controller and receiver are linking. Once fully linked, the power indicator will change to
     a solid green.

Lt, · If the low voltage warning alert sounds (refer to Remote Controller Power LED Status Information (Page 17) for

          details), please recharge the battery as soon as possible.
        · Using the incorrect type of charging cable may cause damage.
        · Following long term storage, recharge the battery before use.

5.3 Remote Controller Power LED Status Information

{?!-Solid Yellow               None             Remote controller joysticks calibration error, need to be re-calibrate.

\~/ ...... Quick Red flashing  B-B-B......      Critical low voltage (from 3.45V-3.5V). Recharge the remote

                                                controller immediately.

~~ ··" ··Slow ~reen flashi~g a.::.s-e.::.;.     0m1)1\l~,Will s~~n<:l afterj5 miniJtes.of inactiyit'/. It stop once y()LJ:
                                                st[~:psing: the rem6t~.so~iroller. .. . i :: . . ..        .... . "

5.4 Battery Level Indicator                                                             Battery Level Indicator

Built-in LiPo Battery: The remote controller includes a rechargeable LiPo battery with   Gll> G]) @ 0
a capacity of 2000mAh. You can monitor the current battery level using the LED
indicators on the front panel of the remote controller as the figure shown:             25% 50% 75% 100%

Lt, The remote controller will show a blinking LED and sound an alert when the voltage drops below 3.45V, then

        automatically power off after 3 seconds. This process will repeat even if you power cycle the remote controller. If
        this low voltage warning occurs during flight. the remote controller will automatically power off, causing the aircraft
        to enter Failsafe mode, which cannot be interrupted (refer to Failsafe Function (Page27) for details). It is strongly
        recommended that you recharge the battery immediately when the 3.45V-3.5V low voltage warning occurs.

5.5 Antenna Orientation

Keep the antennas pointing skyward. perpendicular to the ground for maximum remote controller range during flight.
Assembly and Use

Figure 25         For maximum range and reliability, Remote Contm!ier antenna
                  s11ou!cj point skywards with no obsrrueHons bt~tw(::en it and th(:J
                  Pf1antvrr.. Obstacie~l rnay cause Return to Horne to tri~]ger. Phone
                  Ho!der and Range Extander shouid not iJiock the antenna

      5.6 Remote Controller Operation

        The Remote Controller is set to Mode 2 by default.

{OgJ ~ ·Stick Neutral! mid point: Control sticks of the Remote Controller are placed at the central position.

~ · Move the Stick: The control stick is pushed away from the central position.
:;·

<0

                  Push the stick up to ascend and down to descend.
                  When both sticks are centered the Phantom will hover in place.
                  Push the throttle stick upward beyond the centered
                  (neutral) position to take off. Push the throttle gently to
                  prevent sudden and unexpected elevation.

                  Horizontal movements on the left stick control the rudder.
                  Push left to rotate counter clock-wise and right for
                  clockwise. If the stick is centered, the Phantom will fly
                  straight.
                  The more the stick is moved, the faster the Phantom will
                  rotate.

                  Vertical movements on the right stick control forward and
                  backward pitch.
                  Push up to fly forward and down to fly backward. The
                  Phantom will hover in place if the stick is centered.
                  Push the stick further for a larger pitch angle (maximum
                  35") and

                  Horizontal movements on the right stick control left and
                  right pitch.
                  Push left to fly left and right to fly right. The Phantom will
                  hover in place if the stick is centered.
                  Push the stick further for a larger pitch angle (maximum
                  35") and faster flight.

                  Left Dial: Turn the dial to the right. and the camera will
                  shift to point upwards.Turn the dial to the left, and the
                  camera will shift to point downwards. The camera will
                  keep its current position if the dial is static.

                  The S1 switch is used for compass calibration. Toggle the
                  S1 from position 1 to position 3 and back approximately 5
                  times to enter into compass calibration mode.
                  In Naza-M mode, the S1 switch is used to switch
                  between control modes and enter compass calibration.

                            ----·-·-----····-·····-·--·-----·······---
                  S2 is used to record a Home point manually. After a Home
                  point has been recorded automatically, flipping S2 from
                  position 1 to position 3 and back 5 times (or more) rapidly
                  will move the Home point to the Phantom's current location.
                  In addition, you can enable Dynamic Home Point feature
                  in DJI VISION App.
                  In Naza-M working mode, S2 is be used for IOC.
                                                               Assembly and Use

Lb, · In 'Ready to Fly' mode, the Phantom will hover when all sticks are released.

      · In 'Ready to Fly (non-GPS)' the Phantom will lock its altitude but will not have horizontal positioning.

5.7 Linking the Remote Controller and Receiver

A 5.8G receiver is built in to the Phantom 2 Vision+. Its link button and indicator are located on the underside of the
phantom, as shown in Figure 26.
The Remote Controller and the receiver are paired before delivery. Only use this button if you have replaced your
Remote Controller or receiver.

Linking Procedures                                                         10:-----,7"7"-Unl\ Button & Unl<
                                                                                            lnd;cator
(1) Power off the Remote Controller, power on the aircraft.
     You will see the link indicator blinking red.             Figure 26

(2) Press the link button with a thin object and hold
     until the link indicator blinks yellow. Release the link
     button.

(3) Power on the Remote Controller. Link indicator will
     switch off, showing that a link has been successfully
     established.

Link Indicator

5.8 Compliance Version Configuration

As power levels vary between regulators, the Phantom Remote Controller's power output can be adjusted by twisting the
CE/FCC Control Knob (Figure 27) on the back of the Remote Controller using a flathead screwdriver. For CE compliance,
set the Remote Controller to CE with a full counterclockwise turn. For FCC compliance, set the Remote Controller to FCC
with a full clockwise turn. Be sure to follow relevant local regulations.
Compliance can be configured using the PHANTOM RC Assistant. Select CE compliance version in Assistant to set it, or
do the same with FCC compliance version.

           CE FCC                                              Lb, · Turn the CE/FCC Control Knob gently to avoid

Figure 27                                                              damage.

                                                                     · CE compliant devices have an effective remote
                                                                       controller range of 400 meters in open spaces due
                                                                       to power limitations.

                                                                     · FCC compliant devices have an effective range of
                                                                       800 meters in open spaces.

                                                                     · Watch your flight distance as the Phantom 2
                                                                       Vision+ will enter Failsafe mode (auto-landing or
                                                                       go home and land) if it flies beyond the relevant
                                                                       range limits.

                                                                     · Always follow local laws and regulations.

                                                                     · It is recommended to use a <l>2.4mm flathead
                                                                       screwdriver for adjustments.

                                                                     · There is another potentiometer for reserved use.
The Phantom 2 Vision+ Range Extender is a wireless communication device that operates within the 2.4 GHz frequency
band. It is used to extending the effective range of communication between a Smartphone and the Phantom 2 Vision+.
In an open, unobstructed area, the transmission distance can reach up to 700 meters. This can be reduced by trees,
buildings and other sources of the same frequency. Before every flight, it is suggested that you ensure the Range
Extender is functioning properly; otherwise communication issues between the mobile device and the Phantom 2
Vision+ may occur.
Each Range Extender has a unique MAC address and network name (SSID), details of which are printed on the label as
'Phantom_XXXXXX'. The 'XXXXXX' represents the last 6 letters or numbers of the MAC address for the Range Extender.
This can be renamed in the DJI VISION App.

6.1 Introduction

['!]-f------i                                                               [1] SYSTEM Indicator
                                                                            [2] POWER Indicator
[<:l-i:::====::::====::::=:=:;:=;:;:;=::====::==::::::~                     [3] Locking Screw
                                                                            [4] Binding Reset Button
                                                            [71  Figure 29  [5] Power Switch
                                                                            [6] Charging Port(Micro-USB slot)
                        Fi~Jure 28                                          [7] Mounting Bracket
SYSTEM Indicator
Shows Wi-Fi status of the Range Extender.

:,!'@\ ..... ·Green flashing  The Wi-Fi network is functioning normally.
tfiiO!f

POWER Indicator

'(~· Solid green              Fully charged.
~;x. .                        Low vol!~ge alert, re-c~~rpe r(jqulred;
J:.I0:'·Solid re(j            Charging.

.f.y): Solid Yellow

,& If the power indicator is a solid red light, the Ranger Extender may stop working at any moment. Land and

        recharge as soon as possible.

Binding Reset Button
When the Binding Reset Button is pressed, it will reset and restart the Range Extender. You will need to bind it with the
Phantom 2 Vision+ again to recreate its Wi-Fi network. Failure to do so will cause the DJI VISION App to fail to connect
with the camera.

6.2 Using Range Extender

Charging the Range Extender
Charge the Range Extender by connecting the charging port to a power supply device such as a PC or a USB charger
using a Micro-USB cable. Make sure to charge the Range Extender completely before using it for the first time. This
takes 3-4 hours depending on USB power output.

,& Make sure the Range Extender has enough power before each use.
                                                                                                                                  Assembly and Use

Powering on the Range Extender
(1) Flick the power switch to the ON position.
(2) Wait for approximately 30 seconds. The Wi-Fi signal indicator will blink green indicating the Range Extender is

     communicating properly.
(3) Keep the Range Extender facing the aircraft during flight for the best communication link.

& Power off the Range Extender after every flight to avoid discharging the battery.

Checking the Battery Level
The battery level of the Range Extender can be checked in the camera page of the DJI VISION App as shown below.
When the battery level drops to 20% or lower, the battery level icon will go red as a charging reminder.

             battt·;ry lEwHI abov~;1 :?.0%.

                                 Figure 30

6.3 Rename Range Extender SSID

Make your Range Extender SSID easier to remember by changing its name.

Relation lock                                                           GSD S$10 0
Low Battery
Tutorial                                                                  CUI'Jlln\SSID
CloorNewsCache
                                                                             Ploatoentorlhelaslllxnurnbo111oiMAC

                                                                                Addrln~Ex~k>wnfirmmodlfy

                illD

Fi(,Jure 32           Figure 33                                         Figure 34

(1) Tap "Rename SSID of Range Extender" in the Settings page. Enter a new SSID name (e.g. Phantom_Tom) in the
     textbox.

m(2) Tap and you will be asked to enter the last six characters of your MAC address on the Range Extender to

     confirm the change. The MAC address can be found on the sticker on your Range Extender. If your MAC address is
     60:60:1F:60:41:E7, then enter 6041E7.

(3) Tap "OK" to confirm the change. The Range Extender will automatically restart and the App will return to the settings
     page. Approximately 30 seconds later, the new network name can be found in the Wi-Fi list of your mobile device.
     Select and connect the renamed network to use the DJI VISION App.

6.4 Binding the Phantom 2 Vision+ and Range Extender

If the connection between the Phantom 2 Vision+ and the Range
Extender fails, or one of them needs to be repaired or replaced, a
camera and Range Extender binding will need to be performed through
the DJI VISION App.

                                                                                   Figure 35
     Assembly and Use

     (1) Power on the camera and Range Extender.
     (2) Approximately 30 seconds later, press the Binding Reset Button on the Range Extender with a pin until the SYSTEM

          Indicator turns off. The Range Extender will then restart automatically.
     (3) Approximately 30 seconds later, the SYSTEM Indicator will start to blink green, indicating that the Range Extender is

          ready for binding.
     (4) Enable Wi-Fi on your mobile device then select "Phantom_XXXXXX" the (SSIDof your Range Extender) from theWi-Fi

          network list.
     (5) Run the DJI VISION App then tap -> Settings -> General -> Binding (Figure 36). Select 'Scan QR Code' to scan

         the camera QR code on the bottom of aircraft (Figure 37). Get the camera SSID (E.g. FC2DD_xxxxxx) and the MAC
         address (Figure 38). You can also skip the scan and enter the camera MAC address directly (Figure 39). The MAC
         address can be found on the camera label.
     (6) Tap the tick min the top right corner. The Range Extender should automatically restart. Binding is now complete.

                                    MAC Address

                    GENERAL
                 Rotation lock

                 low Batte!)'

                Tutorial

"'5_ Clear News Cache

     Figure 36                                   Figure 37                               Scan the camera QR code on
                                                                                              the bottom of aircraft
                                                 ~JEll
5'                              00  Binding

CD

0
~

<

(jj

0z

)>

'0
'0

                                    Figure 38               Figure 39

     0 DO NOT push the Binding Reset Button of the Range Extender unless you are ready to rebind the Range
             Extender and the camera. This will unbind your camera so you must follow the steps above for rebinding.

     If both the Phantom 2 Vision+ and the Range Extender are powered on and working normally, you will be able
     to find the SSID on the Wi-Fi list of your mobile device.

     ·-iv"'·· · The QR code is located on the bottom cover of the Phantom 2 Vision+. If you cannot find the QR code, please

             contact DJI customer service and provide your camera serial number (printed on the label of the camera) so
             they can generate a new QR code for you.

           · Photographing and saving the QR code is recommended to prevent loss.

     fiBil!'-lllfilllllliBimllllllll·l~li:~,·l·ti. .B ! l - 1

     7.1 Download and Install

     Download DJI VISION App
     Download and install the DJI VISION App. Choose one of the download methods below.

     Search "DJI VISION" on the App Store then follow instructions for iOS version.
     Search "DJI VISION" on Google Play then follow instructions for Android version.

     iOS6.1 or above Android 4.0 or above
                                                                                                                       Assembly and Use

Supported mobile devices
iOS (iOS6.1 or above) Recommended: iPhone4S, iPhone5, iPhone5S, iPhone5C,iPhone6, iPhone6 Plus, iPod Touch4,

                                                iPod Touch5; Available but not recommended: iPad3, iPad4, iPad mini, iPad Air.
Android (4.0 or above): Samsung Galaxy S3, S4, Note2, Note3 or mobile devices of similar configuration.

ECJ DJI continues to support many mobile devices and any information from users are welcome. Please send any

        questions or queries to the following mailbox: phantom2vision@dji.com.

,& The DJI website is regularly updated. Check back often for latest App updates.

7.2 Register and Login

Access the Internet to register and login.

                                                             Email      ema~§example.com

                                                             PasSWOI'd required
                                                             Fotpotpassword?

                                                             ---!iJ---

                                                                    Create New Account

              Figure 40  Figure 41                                  Figure 42

[1] Register

aTap 'Register' to enter the registration page. Fill in your Email and Password information and then tap to create a

new account.

'\): The DJI account works with all DJI Assistant and Apps.

[2] Login

  aTap 'Login' to enter the login page. Fill in your registered Email and Password and then tap to login.

   ,& Log in to your account the first time you use the DJI VISION App.

     :\): Tap "Forgot Password" if you have forgotten your login details.

[3] Usage tips
    Useful tips will display when you enter the welcome page. Tap the screen to display the next tip.

                                                             Figure 43
       Assembly and Use

       Enable the "Tutorial" switch in the Settings page to get                               lEJ~ Settings
       hints and tips the first time you use the DJI VISION App.

                                                                                              GENERAL                t@ill()
                                                                                              Rotation lock

                                                                                              low Battery            @ill[)

                                                                                              r~:·. :'.>.:::: /:;:;:iS!I!!!l,,.!;i

                                                                                              Clear News Cache

                                                                               Figure 44      """'""

       lallWif.dfilr,lld~i··--1~--~,..._
       Before flight, always connect your smartphone to the Phantom's Wi-Fi network. This is required for the camera control

       and FPV.

0
0
:J     8.1 Connecting Procedures
:J
CD
       Follow these instructions to connect a mobile device to the Phantom 2 Vision+ camera.
8:;.·  (1) Power on the Remote Controller and the Range Extender.

(Q

::r (2) Power on the Phantom 2 Vision+.
CD
       (3) Enable the Wi-Fi on your mobile device; wait for about 30 seconds, and then select "Phantom_XXXXXX" from theWi-
0
Ill    Fi network list (Figure45).

3      (4) Run the DJI VISION App on your mobile device. When the Wi-Fi Computer Connection status on the App main menu
CD          goes green, the connection is good (Figure46).

iil

       (5) Tap the "CAMERA" icon and the DJI VISION App will begin a live camera preview (Figure47). This means everything

       is functioning normally.

                                              ~  Wl-Fi
                 Enable Wi-Fi - I W i . f i
                                                         ~I

                                    Choose a Network...

                 Select             FC200_000539

       Phantom_XXXXXX - - " Phantom_100020                             CAMERA

                                                          1--------~1

                                    Other ...

                                    I ~Ask to Join Networks        J

                                    Known nelwolks will be joined

                                                 Figure 45

                                                                                                          Figure 47

                             Off No Wi-Fi connection.

       EJ3 ·The SSID is unique for each Phantom 2 Vision+ It will appear as Phantorn_XXXXXX in your Wi-Fi Jist.

             · Android users can tap the SSID button on the main page to mobile device Wi-Fi settings directly.
Flight

Once pre-flight preparation is complete, it is recommended to carry out the tasks in the Phantom Pilot Training Guide
to prepare for more complex flight maneuvers and learn to fly safely. Ensure that all flights are carried out in a suitable
location.

Flight Environment Requirements

(1) Do not use the aircraft in severe weather conditions. These include wind speed exceeding category 4, snow, rain
     and smog.

(2) Fly in open fields as high buildings or steel structures may affect the accuracy of the onboard compass.
(3) Keep the Phantom away from obstacles, crowds, high voltage power lines, trees or bodies of water when in flight.
(4) Reduce the chance of electromagnetic interference by not flying in areas with high levels of electromagnetism,

     including base stations or radio transmission towers.
(5) The Phantom cannot operate within the polar areas.
(6) Do not fly the aircraft within no-fly zones specified by local laws and regulations.

Preflight Checklist                                                                                                          ()

(1) Remote Controller, smart battery, Range Extender and smartphone are fully charged.                                       !!!.
(2) Propellers are mounted correctly.                                                                                        6'
(3) Gimbal clamp has been removed.
(4) Damping absorbers are in good condition, not broken or worn.                                                             ~
(5) Anti-drop kits have been mounted correctly.
(6) Camera lens cap has been removed.                                                                                        ::>
(7) Micro-SO card has been inserted if necessary.
(8) Gimbal is functioning as normal.                                                                                         (0
(9) Motors can start and are functioning as normal.
(10) DJI VISION App can connect to the camera.                                                                                :::T

                                                                                                                             "'()

                                                                                                                              0

                                                                                                                             3

                                                                                                                             '0

                                                                                                                             ~

                                                                                                                             "'

IMPORTANT: Make sure to calibrate the compass in every new flight location. The compass is very sensitive to
electromagnetic interference, which can cause abnormal compass data leading to poor flight performance or even flight
failure. Regular calibration is required for optimum performance.

0 ·DO NOT calibrate your compass where there is a chance of strong magnetic interference, such as magnetite,

          parking structures, and steel reinforcements underground.
        · DO NOT carry ferromagnetic materials with you during calibration such as keys or cellular phones.
        · DO NOT calibrate beside massive metal objects.

1.1 Calibration Procedures
Choose an open space to carry out the following procedures. Watch the Phantom 2 Vision+ quick start video for more

details.

            ;.rW-:\   ··············!:·_A~~~~~~£-···

 Position-3 ,)~:i
Positon-1->Positon-3
->Positon1 Flip once

   Fi~)Ure 48
Flight

:.\): If compass calibration is needed before flight, a prompt will appear on the DJI VISON App's camera page. It will
       disappear after successful calibration.

1.2 When to Recalibrate

(1) When compass data is abnormal, the rear LED flight indicator will blink red and yellow.

(2) Flying in different location to last flight.                                    ·

(3) Mechanical structure of the Phantom has changed, i.e. changed mounting position of the compass.

(4) Severe drifting occurs in flight, i.e. Phantom does not fly in straight lines.

2.1 Starting Motors

A Combination Stick Command (CSC) is used to start the motors instead of
simply pushing the stick up. Push both sticks to their bottom corners to start the
motors. Once the motors have spun up, release both sticks simultaneously.

2.2 Stopping Motors                                                                          Figure 49

There are two methods to stop the motors.

Method 1: When the Phantom has landed, push the throttle down, then conduct CSC. Motors will stop immediately.

        Release both sticks once motors stop.

Method 2: When the aircraft has landed, push the throttle down and hold. Motors will stop after 3 seconds.

        [1]                                       [2]
                 Figure 50
                                                                                             Figure 51

0 Do not execute esc during normal flight. This will stop the motors and cause the aircraft to drop without control.

:.\): · Conduct the CSC as neatly as you can. Release the sticks once motors starVstop.

      · Pull down the throttle stick to descend. The stick will lock into place and the aircraft will descend steadily. Push
        the throttle stick upward to release throttle lock.

3.1 Take off/Landing Procedures

(1) Place the Phantom 2 Vision+ on open flat ground with battery indicators facing towards you.
(2) Power on the Remote Controller and Range Extender, then the Smart Flight Battery.
(3) Launch the DJI VISION App and start bind it with your smartphone then enter the camera preview page.
(4) Wait until the Rear LED Flight Indicator blinks green. This means it has initialized and is Ready to Ry. If it flashes yellow,

     it is in Ready to Ry (non-GPS) mode and will require more careful flight. Execute the CSC command to start motors.
(5) Push the throttle up slowly to take off. Refer to Remote Controller Operation (Page 18) for more details.
(6) Shoot photos and videos using the DJI VISION App. Refer to DJI VISION App Usage (Page 32) for more details.
(7) To land, hover over a level surtace and gently pull down on the throttle gently to descend.
(8) After landing, execute the CSC command or hold the throttle at its lowest position for 3 seconds or more until the

     motors stop.

(9) Turn off the smart battery, Range Extender and Remote Controller.
                                                                                                                                               Flight

& ·When the Rear LED Flight Indicator blinks yellow rapidly during flight, the aircraft has entered Failsafe mode.

          Refer to Failsafe Function(Page 27) for details.
        · A low battery level warning is indicated by the Rear LED Flight Indicator blinking red slowly or rapidly during

          flight. Refer to the Low Battery Level Warning Function(Page 28) for details.
        · View tutorials about flight for more flight information:www.dji.com/phantorn2visionplus/training.
        · Aircraft and battery performance is subject to environmental factors such as air density and temperature. Be

          very careful when flying 3000 meters (9800 feet) or more above sea level, as battery and aircraft performance
          may be reduced.

3.2 Video Suggestions and lips

(1) Work through the check list before each flight.
(2) Set the gimbal working mode to Stabilized.
(3) Aim to shoot when flying in Ready to Fly only.
(4) Always fly in good weather, such as sunny or windless days.
(5) Change camera settings to suit you. These include FOV, photo format and exposure compensation.
(6) Take flight tests to establish flight routes and scenes.
(7) Push the sticks gently to make aircraft movements stable and smooth.

ffi Home Point: When the Phantom enters 'Ready to Fly' from the 'Ready to Fly status (non-GPS)', the GPS

       coordinates will be recorded and set as the home point.

      · When Remote Controller signal is lost, the aircraft will return to the recorded home point coordinates and land.
      · Home point coordinates are used to calculate the horizontal distance of the aircraft (shown as "Distance" on the

        GUI of the DJI VISION App).

      · After successfully record the home point, rear LED flight indicators blink fast green.
      Dynamic Home Point: The Home point will be reset to position of the mobile device at specific time intervals.
      · Enable dynamic home point in DJI Vision app or Phantom 2 Assistant.
      · Dynamic home point is only available to the GPS-enabled mobile device. Turn on GPS and data service to

        obtain higher accuracy of the mobile device position.

      · Dynamic home point is useful in situations when you are in motion and require a Home point that is different
        from the takeoff point.

4.1 When Will Failsafe Activate?

(1) The Remote Controller is powered off.

(2) The Phantom has flown out of effective remote controller range.
(3) The signal between the Remote Controller and the Phantom has been blocked.
(4) There is interference causing a signal problem with the Remote Controller.

4.2 Failsafe Procedure

Initiating the Failsafe mode from different flying statuses will results in different landing processes.
Ready to Fly(non-GPS)- Automatic landing

The Right Control System will keep lhe aircraft level during descent and landing. It may be drift during lhe descent and landing process.
Ready to Fly- Automatic go home and land

The Flight Control System will automatically control the aircraft to fly back to the home point and land.

1 Rec§'~(J'}:Iomej:>oipl:  ·.. :;:.           2 Flyi(lg . ·                        -3 R-eri~jc\t~(;l~(.;o~ntr~o!l~~r§i~!;J-nall-ost~. ~.'

                                                                                             -y-

LED Right Indicator                           LED Flight Indicator                 LED Flight Indicator Yellow flashing
Yellow flashing-+ Green flashing
                                                                                   qUl.rJdlng ~fteftiovering 1S.s . :·
4slgnal lOSt lilsts ss, begifi1o got,l9tne.·
                                                                                   ~"''-~y-
LED Right Indicator Yellow flashing           LED Right Indicator Yellow flashing
                                                             Figure 52             LED Right Indicator Yellow flashing
Flight

        · To ensure the aircraft successful return to home after Failsafe activation, aim to only fly in Ready to Fly mode.
        · The Phantom will automatically descend during the Failsafe process if there are less than 6 GPS satellites

          detected for more than 20 seconds.
       · When the aircraft is landing automatically, users can control the aircraft's position and altitude if the remote

          controller signal is recovered.
       · Aircraft cannot navigate around vertical obstacles on its return home course during Failsafe. However, you can set

          return home altitude value in Phantom Assistant to avoid hitting vertical obstacles through DJI Phantom Assistant.

·v··1"1· Quickly flipping the S2 switch of the Remote Controller from top to bottom 5 times or more will reset the current
         aircraft position as a new home point. Rear LED flight indicators will blink green rapidly when successful.

Failsafe on the DJI VISION App
The DJI VISION App will provide information during Failsafe.

                                  Figure 53       Figure 54

4.3 Regaining Control During Failsafe Procedures

Position of Switch S1   (w~                         t~;        :'(i;
                                                  Po~~fC:n-2
                       Po~liron-1                             Po's'iif~n-3

·-um·-···*-.F'\2\1;1'IJIIIEIS:fll '.fjl=l~:l.:~w~·tMr<!l'idWI\~t*~~il!i,Q!J.\Ili\.1:I.#,a/"~'m;m~",*~m~,",;l":"i't'i'''" l"'".5~··~·/-~,:~,"~''wfi;)'IBI~" 9"m .· ''2,"1"~M1JII"I'1"J'i·l'·&·.·~

If the DJI smart battery is depleted to a point that may affect the safe return of the aircraft, the low battery level warning
notifies users to take action. Users are advised to land the aircraft immediately when they observe these warnings. The
thresholds for these warnings are automatically determined based on the current aircraft altitude and its distance from
the Home point. Details of the battery level warning are listed below:

                                Critical Lo'N
                                t;atterv levei
                              warnir1g(Red)

                                                                                                                                                                       "·./

                                                                     Batlery ieve! indicator

                       Figure 55
                                                                                                              Flight

Low battery       The battery       slowly.  Tap "Go-home" to have                       Fly the Phantom 2
level warning     power is low.              the aircraft return to the                  Vision+ back and land
                  Please land the            Home point and land                         it as soon as possible,
                  aircraft.                  automatically, or "Cancel"                  then stop the motors
                                             to resume normal flight.                    and replace the battery.
                                             If no action is taken, the
                                             aircraft will automatically
                                             go home and land after 10
                                             seconds.

                                                        s.c.cr·al'eft~fit:; ~ \ii~J9n+,],.v;es..die.i·a..hnA.,·P·.·,·.·.·.P·.·.·.·:.··.···!·l.i·P.r.
                                             9)~~§.tode$cerfa.                           \; wTJhIIelP:)~hgla,in'itotqrp!de~c~no :'
                                                                                         ,.,):'!llidiii:ni:J·autpmatip~ly;

Estimated         Estimated         N/A      N/A N/A
remaining flight  remaining flight
time              based on current
                  battery level.

Color zones on the battery level indicator                      20min reflect estimated remaining

flight time and are adjusted automatically, according to the aircraft's current status.

When the critical battery level warning activates and the aircraft is descending to land automatically, you may

push the throttle upward to hover the aircraft and navigate it to a more appropriate location for landing.

& When these warnings are triggered, please bring the aircraft back to the Home point or land to avoid losing

power during flight.

Low Battery Level Warning on the DJI VISION App

Battery level warnings will show on the camera page of the DJI VISION App when the battery level is low.
(1) A red light will flash along the edges of the app screen.
(2) Audible alarm. Make sure sound is turned on and volume is turned up on your mobile device.
(3) The aircraft battery icon will turn red.

                                                                                         The aircraH battery
                                                                                         :con wW turn red

                                             Figure 56
Flight

All unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) operators should abide by all regulations from such organizations as the ICAO
(International Civil Aviation Organization) and their own national airspace regulations. For safety reasons, the flight limits
function is enabled by default to help users use this product safely and legally. The flight limits function includes height,
distance limits and No Fly Zones.
In Ready to Fly mode, height, distance limits and No Fly Zones work together to manage flight. In Ready to Fly (non-GPS)
status, only height limits work and flights cannot go higher than 120m.

ffi Default parameters in Assistant are compliant within the definitions of class G ruled by ICAO. (Refer to Airspace

          Definition to get more details). As each country has its own rules, make sure to configure these parameters to
          comply with these rules before flying.

6.1 Max Height & Radius Limits

Max Height & Radius limits flying height and distance. Configuration can be done in the Phantom 2 Vision+ Assistant
(Figure 57). Once complete, your Phantom will fly in a restricted cylinder (Figure 58).

                                                 Max Height                                       Max Radius

                      Figure 57                                                              Home Point
                                                                    --L.t-----7- Hei9ht of aircraft

                                                                                               '<".:flen ~:-.owered on

                                                                         Figure 58

                                 DJI VISION App                     Rear LED flight indicator

                                 warning: Hei~tit limit · :' 1 :.

                                 reached::

Max Radius  Flight distance must be within Warning: Distance limit  Rapid red flashing :!B;f ······when close to

            the max radius.      reached.                           the max radius limit. ·

            FlightUmits                    DJI VISION App                                         Rear LED flight indicator

··~[lj(· Height : fl)~ht t1ei~htrestrictedto 120,!] and undS,~i:fwarnin~~8ei~t1t 1im1treacl1ecl.  ~pne.

Max Radius No limits

& ·If you fly out of the limit, you can still control the Phantom, but cannot fly it further.

       · If the Phantom flies out of the max radius in Ready to Fly (non-GPS) mode, it will fly back within range
         automatically.

6.2 Flight Restriction of Restricted Areas

Restricted areas include airports worldwide. All restricted areas are listed on the DJI official website at http://www.dji.
com/fly-safe/category-me. Restricted areas are divided into category A and category B. Category A areas cover major
international airport such as LAX and Heathrow, while category B areas includes smaller airports.
                                                                                                                                               Flight

Category A Safety Zone
(1) The category A "safety zone" is comprised of a small "no-fly zone" and a range of "restricted-altitude zones". Flight

     is prevented in the "no-fly zone" but can continue with height restrictions in the restricted-altitude zone.
(2) 1.5 miles (2.4 km) around a designated safety zone is a no-fly zone, inside which takeoff is prevented.
(3) 1.5 miles (2.4 km) to 5 miles (8 km) around restricted areas are altitude restricted, with maximum altitude going from

     35 feet (10.5 m) at 1.5 miles (2.4 km) to 400 feet (120m) at 5 miles (8 km).
(4) A "warning zone" has been set around the safety zone. When you fly within 320 feet (100m) of the safety zone, a

     warning message will appear on the DJI Vision app.

Category B Safety Zone
(1) Category B "safety zone" is comprised of a "no-fly zone" and a "warning zone".
(2) 0.6 miles (1 km) around the safety zone is a designated "no-fly zone".
(3) A "warning zone" has been set around the safety zone. When you fly within 0.6 miles (1 Km) of this zone, a warning

     will appear on the DJI Vision app.

                     Figure 59:Category A                                           Figure 60: Category B

                     Motors will not start.

·No-fly Zone         If the Phantom enters the restricted                                                         :(~). ......

Restricted-altitude  area in Ready to Fly (non-GPS) mode Warning: You are in a No-fly zone, automatic            Red flashing
    flight zone      but Ready to Fly mode activates, the landing has begun. (If you are within 1.5 mile
                     Phantom will automatically descend to radius)
   fli
                     land then stop its motors after landing.

                     If the Phantom enters a restricted area  Warning: You are in a restricted zone.
                     in Ready to Fly (non-GPS) mode and
                     Ready to Fly mode activates, it will     Descending to safe altitude. (If you are between
                     descend to a safe altitude and hover 15  the range of 1.5 mile and 5 mile radius)
                     feet below the safe altitude.            Warning: You are in a restricted zone. Max flight
                                                              height restricted to between 10.5m and 120m.

                     No flight restriction applies, but there Warning: You are approaching a restricted

                     will be warning message.                 zone, Ry Cautiously.

                     No restrictions.                         None.                                              None.

ECJ Semi-automatic descent: All stick commands are available except the throttle stick command during the
        descent and landing process. Motors will stop automatically after landing. Users will regain control once the
        motors have stopped. There is no need to toggle the S1 switch.

~ · When flying in the safety zone, LED flight indicators will blink red -:(Fj\- ..... -quickly and continue for 3 seconds,

        then switch to indicate current flying status and continue for 5 seconds at which point it will switch back to red
        blinking.

      · For safety reasons, please do not fly close to airports, highways, railway stations, railway lines, city centers and
        other special areas. Try to ensure the aircraft is visible.
      DJI VISION App Usage

      6.3 Conditions of Flight Limits

      In different working modes and flight modes, flight limits will differ according to number of GPS satellites found. The

      following table demonstrates all the cases(..J: available; x:unavailable).

      All flights are restricted by height, distance and special areas simultaneously.

0

'--

<
(jj   6.4 Disclaimer

0z    Please ensure that you are up to date with international and domestic airspace rules and regulations before using

)>    this product. By using this product, you hereby agree to this disclaimer and signify that you have read this fully. You
'0

'0    agree that you are responsible for your own conduct and content while using this product, and for any direct or indirect

s::   consequences caused by not following this manual, violating or disregarding other applicable local laws, administrative
"'s·  rules and social habits thereof.

s::
"':c::J DJI VISION App Usage

      The DJI VISION App controls the Phantom 2 Vision+ camera including capture, recording, settings and pitch angle. It
      also displays essential flight information including flight parameters and battery level.

      lii;(CfJJNfilllB~~-;;;!.F"'-~IIIEIIW.-·1

      After logging in you will see the VISION App home screen. This shows current Wi-Fi connection status and the four main
      features of the App.

      CAMERA     AUlUM                         Tap .to ente~~ourfl!lbum dibhQ19ll anB vr&~9s

      NEWS    SETTINGS                                             >:>i." .::. -... ' ·L.· .· ......::.::::::::~:~:~:- :!·' :. : :: ..:::.:::...::,:::~:..,...: ....:: · ::: ::,:< ~ ._
                                                                    Tap to read the latest OJI News
      Figure 61
                                            ··,:Tal?, to ohan~~:f!Dd \li~w app Settin~f

                                                                    Tap to view and download manuals

                                                              ··}Tap to enter!t\~preflightpheoklist.

                        & · When using the camera and the SO card album (Page 37), connect your

                                mobile device to the Phantom 2 Vision+ Wi-Fi network.
                              ·Internet access is required for sharing photos, videos and reading OJI news.
                              ·If you receive a phone call during a flight, the live camera preview screen may

                                be interrupted. It's recommended to ignore the call and pay attention to your
                                flight.
                                                             DJI VISION App Usage

            [4]------_S~~~~~~~:F:ig~u=re~6=2~-~~~==~--~:jr-----

[1] Return [2] Camera Pitch Control [3] Flight Attitude and Radar Function [4] Flight Parameters [5] Wi-Fi Signal Strength [6]
Flight Battery Level [7] Aircraft GPS Status [8] Micro-SO Card Status [9] Range Extender Battery Level [10] Remaining
Shots [11] Shutter Button [12] Video Recording Button [13] Camera Settings [14] Hide or Show Flight Parameters
[15] Rear LED Flight Indicator Status

[1] Return

    ICI-Return to the preview page                                                                                              ()

[2] Camera Pitch Control                                                                                                        "3'

   13 -Pitch Control switch is white 13 tap once to highlight it 1/3 and enter Accelerometer Sensor Mode. Tap again to          CD

     return to normal.                                                                                                          OJ

Normal Mode                                                                                                                     "'c"o

D D ITap up arrow to pitch camera upwards and down arrow to pitch downwards. Green slider indicates current                     CD

camera pitch.

            Gimbal pitch control (Normal Mode)               Gimbal pitch movement

                                       Figure 63             Figure 64
Accelerometer Sensor Mode

The gimbal pitch movement is controlled by moving your mobile device. Pitch forward to pitch camera down and
backward to pitch camera up.

                                                             Gimbal pitch movement

            Figure 65                             Figure 66  Figure 67

Lt. In Accelerometer Sensor Mode, the pitch angle indicator will show a grey area. When the green pitch indicator

       is inside the grey area, the camera will move according to pitch gestures. When the indicator reaches the
       boundary of the grey area. pitch gestures will control the camera's pitch speed at a constant rate.
DJI VISION App Usage

[3] Flight Attitude and Radar Function

Flight attitude is indicated by the flight attitude icon.                                      Figure 68
(1) The red arrow shows which direction the Phantom 2 Vision+ is facing.
(2) Light blue and dark blue areas indicate pitch.

(3) Pitching of the boundary between light blue and dark blue area shows roll angle.
(4) An orange circle around the radar indicates that the dynamic home point is not available.

    A green circle around the radar indicates that the dynamic home point is available and
    a new home point has been set.

Tap flight attitude icon to turn on the radar function. Home in the center of the radar and the red icon indicates the
Phantom 2 Vision+'s current heading, direction, and approximate distance from home. Tap flight attitude icon again

to disable the radar.The current longitude and latitude of the aircraft is displayed on the bottom of the radar.

Home Point

Longitude & Latitude

                      Figure 69                     Figure 70

Lt, · By default, the center of the radar indicates the home point recorded by the Phantom 2 Vision+. Tap the

        center of the radar to switch the center to your mobile device's current location.

      · If your mobile device contains a compass, the top portion of the Radar is the direction you are pointing. If
        not, the radar will be oriented due north.

      · Distance units are metric in Figure 69 and Figure 70. Users can switch the unit to imperial in the settings page.

[4] Flight Parameters                                                X

    Tap to set return home (RTH) altitude.          Go-Home Setting
    Distance: Horizontal distance from home point.                      WA
    Altitude: Vertical distance from home point.
    Speed: Horizontal flying speed.                                    20M

                                                     Set New Altitude

~: Distance value will show as N/A if the Phantom 2 Vision+ is not in "Ready to Fly" mode.

[5] Wi-Fi Signal Strength

     Indicates camera is connected to your mobile device and Wi-Fi is working normally.
     The connection between the camera and mobile device may fail if Wi-Fi signal strength is low. Refer to Phantom 2
     Vision+ CONNECTION BROKEN for more information.

[6] Flight Battery Level

     Show current flight battery level. When battery level is low and the battery icon turns red it is recommended to fly the
     aircraft back and land it as soon as possible. Please refer to Low Battery Level Warning Function (Page 28) to get
     more details.

[7] Aircraft GPS Status

     GPS status icon display the number of satellites found by the aircraft. The icon is highlighted when more than 6
     satellites are found, allow the Phantom to fly in "Ready to Fly" mode.

[8] Micro-SO Card Status

     Displays Micro-SO Card Status. Icon is highlighted when a valid Micro-SO card is inserted. If there is no Micro-SO
     card present, it is grayed out.

[9] Range Extender Battery Level

    Shows current battery level of the Range Extender. Refer to Checking the Battery Level (Page 21) for more details.

[10] Remaining Shots

      Displays estimated shots remaining, based on the current photo size setting and storage capacity of the Micro-SO
      card. This shows '0' if:
      (1) Micro-SO card is not inserted.
      (2) Micro-SO card is full.
                                                                                   DJI VISION App Usage

      {3) Micro-SO card is damaged.
      {4) Connection between the DJI VISION App and camera is broken.

[11] Shutter Button

      Tap to take photos.
      Single capture: press once for a single capture.
      Continuous capture: press once for 3 or 5 captures.
      Timed capture: press once to begin a timed capture, press again to stop.

     '\j: ·Shutter button is disabled during video recording.

               · Capture modes can be reconfigured in camera settings; refer to the Camera Settings {Page35).

[12] Video Recording Button                                                        Figure 71

      Start and stop video recording. Tap once to start recording. A red dot will                              ...
      blink to indicate recording is in progress and a time code will appear in
      the top right corner of the preview screen. Press again to stop recording.                                ,

[13] Camera Settings

      Tap to open the camera settings menu, refer to Camera Settings {Page 35).

[14] Hide or Show Flight Parameters

      Tap to hide flight parameters. Tap again to show.

                                                                                                                    .'~.".·"'  0
                                                                                                               @]
                                                                                                                               Ill

                                                                                                                               3

                                                                                                                               i"il'

                                                                                                                               (ll

                                                                                                                               ~
                                                                                                                               :;·

                                                                                                                               """'

                                       Figure 72                                   Figure 73

[15] Rear LED Flight Indicator Status

      Displays the aircraft's current flight status. Tap for details.

                  Figure 74                                                        Figure 75

[1] Capture Mode [2] Photo Size [3] Video Resolution [4] Photo Format [5]1SO [6] White Balance [7] Exposure Metering [8]
Exposure Compensation [9] Sharpness [10] Anti-flicker [11] Restore Defaults [12] Format Micro-so Card

[1] Capture Mode
DJI VISION App Usage

'\): Capture Button will change according to the mode selected ~. ~® ·~® . ~C9

[2] Photo Size        Large: 4384 x 3288, 4:3, 14.4MP

            ml

                      Small: 4384x2466, 16:9, 10.8MP

              Three Field of View (FOV) options are supported when shooting in 1920x1080 60i, 1920x1080 30p and
              1920x1080 25p: Medium (110°) and Narrow (85°).

    ·v··I"'\· RAW can be edited using the most recent versions of Adobe Camera Raw for Photoshop and Adobe
              Lightroom.
                                                                  [6] White Balance

,, ·[7] Exposure Metering
   ·

   ffi ·Center: The meter concentrates most on the center of the scene.

              · Average: Averages out the light levels for the entire image. This mode is used when the scene has no
                significant light difference.

              · Spot: Measures a small area in the center of the scene. This mode is used in a high contrast scene where
                the subject must be accurately exposed.
                                                                          DJI VISION App Usage

                ·1.7(EV)
                -1.3(EV)

-[9] Sharpness   O(EV)
                Standard

[11] Restore Defaults

      Restores all default camera settings. Flight battery restart is needed to allow restoration to take effect.

[12] Format Micro-SO Card

      Format the Micro-so card. All data stored in the Micro-SD card will be lost after formatting. Remember to backup
      before formatting.

The DJI VISION App has an SD Card album and a Mobile Device Photo Album. Images and videos on the SD Card               r:Pr
album can be synchronized to the Mobile Device Photo Album.
                                                                                                                        c
In the DJI VISION App, tap E.:! to enter into the SD Card album and tap ill to enter into Mobile Device Photo Album.    3

                                                                                                                        -o

                                                                                                                        "'(0

                                                                                                                        <1>

~ SD Card album is accessible when the mobile device is connected to Phantom 2 Vision+ Wi-Fi.

4.1 SD Card Album                                                     [1

Pictures stored in the camera are presented using Thumbnails.                                  (31
Tap the corresponding thumbnail to view the picture.

[1] Photos and videos are listed and grouped by date.
[2] All photos and videos that have been synced to your mobile

    device are marked with (3.
[3] Tap any thumbnail for single view mode. Tap a Photo thumbnail

    that hasn't been synchronized to the mobile device to view the
    photo. Swipe left or right to view the previous or next photo.
     Tap on a video thumbnail to play it and view the video length.
     A progress bar will appear at the bottom of the screen. Tap

   H to enter single synchronization mode to synchronize a

    single photo or video, or to synchronize and play a video at the
    same time.

                                                                          Figure 77
DJI VISION App Usage

~                     1174                IT?if'l

                  Figure 78                          Figure 79

H[4] Tap the  button to enter multiple synchronization mode (as shown in the following diagram). Tap thumbnails to

select photos or videos to synchronize to your mobile device (selected thumbnails are marked with a tick). Select

aone or more groups to be synchronized by checking the box before the group, then tap to start synchronizing.
aDuring the synchronization process, users can tap to cancel synchronization. Photos and videos that have
been synchronized to the mobile device will remain.

Lt, Some mobile devices cannot support the synchronization of 1080i60 video files.

Selc.;ct a group

                               Figure 80             Figure 81

[5] Tap "Cancel" or "Finished" to exit multiple synchronization mode and return to the SD Card page.

Connect camera data port to a PC via a Micro-USB cable to copy photos or videos on the SD card album from
the Micro-SO card to the PC conveniently.

4.2 Mobile Device Photo Album

                                                                          ,.,.--t--Geo-tagged
                                                                                              locations

                                                               Figure 83
                      [1] Browse all synchronized photos and videos in the album. Tap to view selected

                          photos or videos.
                      [2] Photos and videos are displayed using thumbnails and sorted by capture time.
                      [3] Pictures and videos are sorted by captured/recorded geo-tagged locations.

                      Lt, Internet access is required for map downloads.

Figure 82
                                                                                     DJI VISION App Usage

[4] Tap any thumbnail for single view; you can slide left or right to view the previous or next photo. Tap a video thumbnail
    to play a single video.

rn rnCEJ 47154
                                                          C5J        s71a1

                                  Figure 84                          Figure 85
[5] Tap~ to share your photos and videos to social networks.

  & Access to the Internet is required for photo and video sharing.

                                                                                     ~~YP«<?.lt(~M.t.~'>~$
                                                                                     ;>-.,h>:i-;.Y. >'«->..-.··.,;,.:'"'"'"'~_.,.A·:~ow

View the latest DJI news. (Internet access is required.)

~  News

                                                          DJI Spreading Wings S900:                                                      z
                                                          Create Anywhere
                                                                                                                                          (J)

                                                                                                                                         ~

                                                                                                                                         "1J

                                                                                                                                          ~
                                                                                                                                         (Q
                                                                                                                                          (J)

                                                                                                                                         (/)
                                                                                                                                          (J)

                                                                                                                                         ;::::

                                                                                                                                         :;·

                                                                                                                                         (Q

                                                                                                                                         en

                                                                                                                                         "1J

                                                                                                                                          ~
                                                                                                                                         (Q
                                                                                                                                          (J)

[5]-t~~~~~~                                               Figure 89                  Figure 90

((i]
[?]
[8]
[9]

                    Figure 88
     DJI VISION App Usage

     [1] Toolbar Auto Hide

         Slide the switch from left to right to enable this function. Toolbar will auto hide on the camera page.

                     Figure 91: Toolbar Auto Hide Disabled      Figure 92: Toolbar .11.uto Hide Enabled

     [2] When Connection Breaks

     (3J When Connection Breaks                                 Stop Recording:
                                                                Enabled: Stop recording if the Wi-Fi connection between the
     { Stop Recording                                     a=Jj  mobile device and the camera breaks while the camera is
                                                                recording.
     Stoprecordlngornotwhootheconnectlonb
     blol<.enwhleth&caml!l1lllslnrecordingstahl.                Disabled: Keeps recording if the Wi-Fi connection between
                                                                the mobile device and the camera breaks while the camera is
     Start Recording                                            recording.
     Start Continuous Capture

     Staylnldle                                                 Select the state the camera will enter in the event of a Wi-Fi

     .....Whlchs\atelhGCPmerawilenlerwhenlhe                    Connection break between the mobile device and the camera.
                                                                Use this function to ensure your recording is uninterrupted
     eonnedionlsbrokenwMath&~talsinich

(fl              Figure 93                                      during the flight.

gj,
:;·
ceon [3] Camera Settings Display

"1J

"'co iOS users will see an enabled item display in the camera settings toolbar and disabled items will be hidden.

CD This feature is not available on Android.

     CEJ Camera Settings Dlsplny                                3 items displayed
                                                                by dt;fau!t

                 Figure 94                                                                         Figure 95

     [4] Preview Quality                                  .;    High: 640 x480@30fps
                                                                Medium: 640 x480@15fps
         DJ ."'· .. .                                           Medium: 320 x 240@30fps
                                                                Low: 320 x 240@15fps (Recommended when there is a lot of interference.)
                                            640x48030fpe
                                       640x48015fp·
                                         320x24031}fps
                                       320x24015fps

                                 Figure 96
                                                                                               DJI VISION App Usage

[5] Parameter Unit                                             [14] Rotation Lock

    Select imperial or metric units of measurement.                  The user interface of the DJI VISION App will rotate
                                                                     if rotation lock is enabled (for iOS device only).
[6] Ground Station
                                                               [15] Low Battery Warning
    Slide to the right to enable ground station feature.
                                                                     If enabled, an alarm will sound when the battery
[7] Compass Calibration                                              level is too low.

    Tap to calibrate the compass. Do not calibrate the            & We recommended adjusting the mobile
    compass during flight.
                                                                           device volume to the highest level.
[8] Low Battery Auto Go Home
                                                               [16] Tutorial                                               (/)
    Enable or disable auto go home feature when battery
    is low.                                                          Hints and Tips                                        ~:;·

[9] Dynamic Home Point                                         [17] Clear News Cache                                       (0

    When activated, the Home point will be reset to your             Tap to flush news cache.                              "''lJ
    current position at specific time intervals. The aircraft
    will return to the latest Home point as required.          [18] Binding                                                 Ill

[1 OJ Current RTH Altitude                                           In the event that camera and Range Extender binding   (0
                                                                     is lost or an item has been repaired or replaced,
      Default RTH altitude set to 20m. Raising the RTH               binding must be performed using the DJI VISION App.    <1>
      altitude above 120m is not recommended.                        Refer to Binding the Phantom 2 Vision+ and Range
                                                                     Extender (Page 21) for details.
[11] Battery History Info
                                                               [19] Rename Range Extender SSID
      Show the battery history warning records.
                                                                     Tap to rename the SSID of the Range Extender.
[12] GPS Signal Notice                                               Refer to Rename Range Extender SSID (Page 21)
                                                                     for details.
      If enabled, the DJI VISION App will display a pop-
      up tip when attempting to takeoff without a sufficient   [20] Upgrade Range Extender
      GPS signal.
                                                                     When upgraded, it is possible to use a mobile
[13] FPV Mode                                                        device's data network to access internet functions
                                                                     while connected to the Phantom.
      Switched on, the gimbal will work in FPV mode.                 This feature is not available on Android.
      Switched off, the gimbal will work in Stabilize mode.

[21] Find My PHANTOM 2 VISION

                                                   Pi1antom 2 Vision's --J.2--;,.,..._.;'-"--  Figure 98
                                                                 !ocation

[22] Account

      Tap to see user account information.

[23] Rate

      Tap to rate the DJI VISION App. Internet access required.

       :.\): Android App does not include rating.

[24] About

      Tap to see the current version of the DJI VISION App and contact information.
DJI VISION App Usage

The DJI Vision app features an integrated ground station function. Using it you can create flight missions by placing
waypoints and setting waypoint altitude and overall speed. When flight plan has been created, simply tap "GO" and
your aircraft will execute the flight mission automatically. You may also abort the flight mission and bring aircraft home by
activating "GoHome" feature.

& Upgrade Phantom firmware to the latest version to enable ground station feature. Refer to "Firmware Upgrade of

       the Phantom 2 Vision+" (P46) for more information about how to upgrade the firmware.

7.1 Ground Station GUI

                                                                                                [·;1]
                                                                                                [12]
                                                                                                [13]
                                                                                                [14]

(1 [15]

                                                               [16]
                                                               [1"1]

                                          Figure 99

[1] MODE                                                           Attitude and Radar display. Refer to [3] in "Using the
                                                                   DJI Vision app" for details.
    Modes include
    Hover: Hovering                                            [8] Flight Parameters
    Waypoint: Mission in progress                                  Flight information display. Refer to [4] in "Using the
    GoHome: Returning to home point                                DJI Vision app" for details.
    Take off: Taking off
    Landing: Landing                                           [9] Back
    GPS: GPS flight                                                Return to camera GUI.
    Atti.:Atti.flight
    Manual: Manual flight                                      [10] Home Point Locator
                                                                     Locate your Home point.
[2] Approximated Flight Mission Distance

Planned mission distance. To achieve optimum battery           [11] Orientation Lock
performance, max mission distance is 5km(3miles).                    Unlock to sync map orientation with aircraft movement.

[3] Speed                                                      [12] Map View
    For flight safety concern, only three gears of                   Select map view from standard, hybrid or satellite.
    flight speed are available. Choose from Fast (8m/
    s), Mid(4m/s) and Slow (2m/s) for flight speeds.           [13] Waypoint
    Estimated 10 minutes flight is achievable when the               Tap each waypoint to set altitude.
    aircraft travels in "Fast" gear.
                                                               [14] Delete
[4] Wi-Fi Signal Strength                                            Delete current waypoint.

    Wi-Fi signal strength display. Refer to [5] in "Using the  [15] Go Home
    DJI Vision App" for details.                                     Abort mission, return home and land.

[5] Battery Level                                              [16] Done
                                                                     Hit "Done" then tap "GO" to begin mission.
    Battery level display. Refer to [6] in "Using the DJI
    Vision app" for details.

[6] GPS                                                        [17] Flight Area
    Number of satellites connected. Refer to [7] in "Using
    the DJI Vision app" for details.                                 The aircraft can fly in this area and return to the
                                                                     home point with the current battery level. This area
[7] Flight Attitude and Radar                                        is dependent on the current state of the aircraft and
                                                                     will be refreshed at specific time intervals.
                                                                                                                  DJI VISION App Usage

7.2 Using Ground Station

Step 1 Launching Ground Station:
Enable ground station in the Settings section of the DJI Vision app. A disclaimer for Ground Station will appear. Read
this thoroughly before using Ground Station.

            Figure 100

Ensure your mobile device has access to the Internet. Due to the map data required, Wi-Fi connection is recommended.                    :.
Internet access is required to cache the ground station map. if Wi-Fi is unavailable, mobile data service is required. Open
the DJI Vision app camera GUI and swipe left to launch ground station(see Rgure 101). DJI Vision app cannot connect                     GJ
to your aircraft while it is accessing the Internet. Hence, you may prompt with the warning message such as "Connection
to Phantom Failed". This message will not appear when your aircraft is re-connected to OJI Vision app. Map data of your                 0c
current location will load. You can then drag the map to cache nearby areas for future use(see Rgure 102).                              :a:0.

                       ......                                                                                                            (/)

                                                                                                                                        §:
                                                                                                                                        c;·

                                                                                                                                         ::0

Figure 101              Figure 102

Step 2 Setting a Waypoint:

Disconnect from the Internet and connect the DJI Vision app to your aircraft. Check that remote controller Si switch is in

i~: position (position-1) and the upper left corner in ground station display l!liiiJ and wait for the aircraft to enter "Ready-

to-Ry" mode (LED indicator blinking green) before swiping left into ground station. Tap on the map to place a waypoint.
You can place up to 16 waypoints including the Home point. Waypoints cannot be placed beyond 500m from the Home
point or inside No Waypoint Areas.

Figure 103              Figure 104
DJI VISION App Usage

        · A circle on the map, as shown in Figure t 04, indicates a restricted, No Waypoint area. Waypoints cannot be
          placed in this area. For more information, refer to "6.2 Right Restriction of Restricted Areas (P30)".

        · To achieve the optimal video transmission quality, the aircraft is set to operate within a 5obm-radius area from
          Home point.

Tap on a waypoint to open a waypoint properties window. Slide the white dot right to adjust waypoint altitude. The
default altitude is set to 98 feet (30 m) and can be adjusted from 0 to 650 feet (200 m). Tap "OK" to save waypoint

settings. To delete current waypoint, tap 1\!lJ. Modify longitude and latitude value using the input box.

Step 3 Preview a Mission:
Tap "Done" to preview the mission when all waypoints are set. A prompt similar to the one below will appear.
This prompt lists all waypoints and their altitudes. The aircraft will fly to each waypoint listed. If there is a difference in

altitude between waypoints, the aircraft will adjust its altitude as aflies between points. When ready, tap "GO" to begin

mission.

& Aircraft reacts differently to the "GO" command:

        · If aircraft is on the ground, the a·lrcraft takes off automatically and ascend 16 feet (5m) then fly to the first
          waypoint.

        ·If aircraft is in the air, the aircraft flies to the first waypoint.
Step 4 Executing Flight Mission
The aircraft flies to each waypoint in numerical order. As it flies, swipe back into the DJI Vision app camera GUI to

Illcontrol camera tilt and capture photos or video. Tap to pause the mission during the flight, and aircraft will then start

ahovering. Tap to resume mission. If you wish to regain control of the aircraft, toggle the S1 switch on remote controller

from(~' (Position-1) to either':®:: (Position-2) or (ii\C (Position-S) to discontinue the current mission.

Step 5 Landing
When all waypoints have been visited, the aircraft will return to its Home point and hover. Regain control of the aircraft

and land it manually. You may also tap l!lil button to initiate "Go Home" procedure. Aircraft will abort current mission,

return to Home point and auto land. When the aircraft is landing automatically, users can control the aircraft's position
and altitude. Users can start the motors to take off immediately after the motors have stopped following auto landing.

                                                                   Figure 107
PC I MAC Assistant

For better use of the Phantom 2 Vision+, Phantom 2 Vision+ Assistant and Phantom RC Assistant are required. Both run
on Windows or Mac OS X operating systems.

1.1 Installing and Running on Windows

(1) Download the driver installer and Assistant installer (.EXE) from the Phantom 2 Vision+ download page.
(2) Connect the Phantom 2 Vision+ to a PC using a Micro-USB cable.
(3) Run the driver installer and follow the prompts to finish installation.
(4) Run the Assistant installer and follow the prompts to finish installation.
(5) Double click the Phantom 2 Vision+ icon on your desktop to launch Assistant.

Lfl. Supports Windows XP, Windows 7 and Windows 8 (32 or 64 bit).

1.2 Installing and Running on Mac OS X

(1) Download the Assistant installer (.DMG) format from the Phantom 2 Vision+ download page.
(2) Run the installer and follow the prompts to finish installation.

                                                         r::fll

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             l>~-.-t»;;,;.,

                    '1;~2'1 _.... .

                                    i~ p8B

                                                                          ' ,,
                                                                  Figure 108
(3) When launching for the first time, if using Launchpad to run the Phantom 2 Vision+ Assistant, Launchpad will not
     allow access because Assistant has not been reviewed by the Mac App Store.

                                                                  Figure 109
(4) Locate the Phantom 2 Vision+ icon in Finder, press Control then click the icon (or right-click the icon using a mouse).

     Choose Open from the shortcut menu, then click Open in the prompt dialog box to launch.
(5) After the first successful launch, double click the Phantom 2 Vision+ icon as normal to launch using Finder or

     Launchpad.

                                                               Figure 110
PC I MAC Assistant

6 DMG installer supports Mac OS X 10.9 or above.

:\j: Phantom 2 Vision+ Assistant on Mac OS X and Windows are the same. Assistant pages shown in this manual

        are from the Windows version.

The Phantom 2 Vision+ Assistant is used to configure the flight control system and upgrade firmware. The Phantom RC
Assistant is used to configure the Remote Controller and upgrade its firmware.

2.1 Using the Phantom 2 Vision+ Assistant

                                                                  Fi9ure '1'11

(1) Power on the PC and the Phantom 2 Vision+. Connect the Phantom 2 Vision+ to the PC with a Micro-USB cable. DO
     NOT disconnect until configuration is finished.

(2) Run Phantom 2 Vision+ Assistant and wait for the Phantom 2 Vision+ to connect. Watch the indicators ·Xe\.:(~\ on the

   bottom of the screen. When connected successfully, the Computer Connection status is :!@:· and Data EXchange
   Indicator blinks ·:\§1 .

(3) Choose [Basic] oi [Advanced] configuration pages.
(4) View and check the current configuration in the [View] page.

                      , - - - - - - - - - Function S\-\'itct: bet~Vt'"'en Pharrtorn
                                                    and Naz£~M ""rking !T<xlo

                                . . - - - - L.angual~G swap

G!rnbal.                                                    Account. software version
               ~..-.._...___...,.,.~_...=-+-- Firmware UPkJiad£~

          '-,-----""""'---"""---ilr--- IMU calit>rat!on

                      ·This image rs tor reference
                       only. P!ease refer to the
                       actual user interface.

          Figure 112

6 ·Do not enable Naza-M mode before finishing "Advanced Flight Maneuvers" in the 'Phantom Pilot Training

        Guide".

      · Enable Phantom mode by tapping the same button if Naza-M mode is enabled. Once changed to Phantom
        working mode, all parameters will return to factory settings.

2.2 Rrmware Upgrade of the Phantom 2 Vision+

(1) Click [Upgrade] icon to check the current firmware version and whether the installed firmware is the latest version. If
     not, click links to upgrade.

(2) Wait until the Assistant shows "finished". Click OK and power cycle the Phantorn 2 Vision+ after 5 seconds. Once
    complete, firmware is up to date.
                                                                                   PC I MAC Assistant

~Ml"!~.l'..'!SK»H·                                                  ~ ~ ·=" "' l<

1:: ~ !!. ~ ""T !                                                   N N «-
=~
                                                     N  N~

                                                                                   "' This image is fer reterence
                                                                                    only. Please rder to the

                                                                                    actual user intertace.

                                                        Figure 113

       · An internet connection is required to upgrade the Phantom 2 Vision+ firmware.
      · DO NOT power off until the upgrade is finished.
      · If the firmware upgrade fails, the Flight Controller will enter a waiting for firmware upgrade status automatically.

        If this happens, repeat the above procedures.

== Firmware upgradable items: (1)Fiight Controller (2)GPS (3)5.BG Receiver (4) Main Board (P330CB) (5)Battery (6)
        GimbaiiMU

2.3 Using the Phantom RC Assistant

Use the Phantom 2 Vision+ Assistant to install PHANTOM RC Assistant on your Windows PC or Mac. and then follow the
below steps to configure the Remote Controller.

                                                        Figure 114

(1) Turn off the Remote Controller and find its Micro-USB slot.

(2) Power on PC and Remote Controller then connect Remote Controller to the PC with a Micro-USB cable. DO NOT

disconnect until configuration is finished.

(3) Run the PHANTOM RC Assistant and wait for the Remote Controller to connect to Assistant. Watch the indicators
·.(~'!:-:(~': on the bottom left of the s.creen. When connected successfully, the Computer Connection status is :(ij'>: and
Data Exchange Indicator blinks ..($);,
                                                                                                  ·
(4) Finish configurat'1on in the [Main] page.

(5) Finish upgrade in the [Info] page if necessary.

                                                                                   Language swap

                                                                                   ..This imagt: is for rete renee \)n!y.

                                                                                    Please refer to the actual user
                                                                                    intt-:rface.

                                               Figure 115
      Appendix

      ·(~······(Slow Green flashes)       Ready to Fly

      {f,!i: ······(Quick Red flashes)    Critical Low Battery Level Warning

      'You can learn more about error by connecting the Phantom 2 Vision+ to the Assistant.

      Supported Battery                     OJI 5200mAh Li-Po Battery
                                            1~42g
)>                                          :S:l50dg
                                            1-?,5Dg
"0                                          Vertical: D.Bm; Horizontal: 2.5m
"0                                        . 2,00°/f; .
 CD   Hovering Accuracy (Ready to Fly)      35°
:::J
      ·Max.,Ya*;A[)g~lar Velobl~llii}       15m/s (Not Recommended)
xCL·
                                            Static : 75DmA; Dynamic : 9DDmA
      Max Tillable Angle
                                           Pitch : -90° - oo
      Max Allt~~t/DescE~nt s~~~d
                                           ooc- 40°C
      Max Flight Speed
                                            14 Megapixels
       Working Current                      A~-~4><3288
                                            1080p30 /1 080i60
      . (;onit~lf~OPHf?trY
                                          ·''1'~o~r;§?~· .
       Controllable Range

       Operating Environment Temperature
       Sensqr·Sk~ '..

       Effective Pixels

       11E1~~~~bf)···

       HD Recording

      l Biioorqinq:J=ov
                                                                                                  Appendix

Operating Frequency                       5.728 GHz- 5.85 GHz

Gornmuni~\ior\~~a~y~(ope~ ~r~~)           CE 990~!J~n5~;400tn; Fcq:cd[ripliano~: ~Qq~!i', . '· ·

Receiver Sensitivity (1%PER)              -93dBm

Working CurrenWoltage                     ·c:~bdh;pna~8~:~6:M~u=cc'<>oh;pfi~&J~!'ioo~w·'··

                                          120mA@3.7V

Operating Frequency                       2412MHz- 2462MHz
                                          5oolj)",zo6m
eornrnu~ication orstari?e I?!1en area) .

Transmitting Power                            20dBm

                                 - g ·~i(;;;:!Wr!::- ~2Wt' <:ii1~r -

3.1 How to solve large margin(s) mid-point error?

If the Remote Controller stick(s) mid-point margin of error is too big, the motors will fail to start when you execute the
CSC and the Phantom wilt not take off. The below are some possible fixes for this.
(1) One of the Remote Controller's stick positions (except the throttle stick) is not centered when powering on the

     Phantom 2 Vision+.
     Solution: Place all Remote Controller sticks at their mid-point positions and then power cycle the Phantom 2 Vision+
     to re-record the mid-point.
(2) The Remote Controller sticks have been trimmed, leading to a deviation in the mid-point position.
     Solution: Use Assistant to perform a Remote Controller calibration.
    a) Connect to Assistant. tap Basic -> RC -> Command Sticks Calibration and push all Remote Controller sticks

        through their complete travel range to see if any stick cannot reach its outermost position.
     b) Power cycle the Phantom 2 Vision+. Power cycling is required.
    c) Re-attempt Remote Controller calibration in Assistant.
If the above solutions do not solve your issue, please send your Remote Controller to DJI Customer service for repair.

3.2 How to restore a video file if power is turned off during a recording session?

Solution: Keep or place the Micro-SD card back into the camera. Power cycle the camera and wait about 30 seconds for
the video file to be restored.

3.3 Failure to acquire the SSID.

Solution: Double check whether both the camera and Range Extender are powered on and the power switch of the
camera is switched to "Wi-Fi ON."

3.4 What to do if Phantom 2 Vision+ is out of sight and the Wi-Fi connections is lost?

Solution: Turn off the Remote Controller to trigger the Failsafe mode and the aircraft will start to fly back, descend, and
land at the Home point. Please make sure there are no obstacles between the Phantom and the home point and that you
are familiar with the procedure for regaining control.

3.5 Wi-Fi connection fails all the time.

Solution: Double check the current Wi-Fi connection status of the mobile device. The mobile device may be connecting
to other Wi-Fi networks after a connection breaks with the Phantom 2 Vision+.

3.6 Files fail to synchronize.

Solution: Video files that are too large (file sizes close to 4GB) cannot be synchronized to the mobile device. Some
mobile devices do not support the synchronization of the 1080i60 video files.
Appendix

3.7 iOS Albums fail to synchronize.

Solution: Reset the settings of your mobile device as illustrated below. Enable the Settings -> Private -> Photos -> DJI
VISION. Otherwise Albums will fail to synchronize with your mobile device.

          <5lJ l'rlvacy            On >  ·Siil Photos

          a locations Services             Photos stored on your !Pod touch may
                                          contain other Information. such as when
          t l Contacts
          L! Calendars                        and where the photo was taken

           IBI]Ramlndars                 Apps that have requested access to your
                                                   photos wil appear here.

          f t Bluetoolh Sl'laring

          S!l Twitter

          fiFaoebook
          ~SIMWelbo

          Figure ii7                     Figure 118

3.8 Failure to share.

Solution: Make sure your mobile device has access to the Internet.

3.9 Some Android devices have a problem connecting to the Phantom 2 Vision+ Wi-R Extender.

Solution: Some Android devices do not allow for both a Wi-Fi connection and a mobile data connection at the same time.
When trying to connect to the Phantom 2 Vision+ Wi-Fi network, most devices will check whether an Internet connection
has a certain Wi-Fi setting enabled, e.g. Auto network switch or Test for Internet connection. If no Internet connection
is found because the Phantom 2 Vision+ creates a non-routable connection it will drop the Phantom 2 Vision+ Wi-
Fi network connection and scan for the next available connection. Example: For the Samsung Note 3, carry out the
following procedures to solve this issue. Tap Settings -> Wi-Fi, and then tap the "Menu" button. Select "Advanced"
then uncheck the "Auto network switch". You might see a warning that indicates the Internet connection is unstable this
message can be ignored.

3.1 0 App tips for mobile devices.

Solution: If using the App on multiple mobile devices turn off the App on the first mobile device then turn it on the second
one to ensure normal functions on the second mobile device.

3.11 How to land the aircraft more smoothly?

Solution: First pull the throttle stick position down to lower than 5%, then execute the esc command to stop the motors.

3.12 Why is the discharge time of a battery not zero when unused?

Solution: A battery aging test is performed prior to delivery which affects the discharge time of the new battery. This is
why the discharge time of a new battery is not zero. The battery is okay to use.

3.13 Do I need extra hardware to utilize ground station?

Solution: No extra hardware is required.

3.14 Does ground station support caching map data offline?

Solution: Yes, user can cache map data in ground station for future use.

3.15 What if I accidently exit DJI Vision App in ground station mode?

If OJI Vision App is closed when aircraft is executing flight mission, aircraft continues with the remaining flight mission.
If DJJ Vision App is closed and failed to re-connect with aircraft within i minute, aircraft returns home point automatically.
The content is subject to change.                 I t1!11::.! .

I IDownload the latest version from

http://www.dji.com/product!phantom-2-vision-plus

© 2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.
             Appendix B
     Protocals and Controls
    Safety Guidelines Manual

Roger Duffell · 1416 Arblay Place · Loganville, Georgia 30052-4140
                 Phone: 770. 560.1826 · Fax: 770.454.0038

              Section 333 Petition for Exemption -Appendix B
                                           Page 1 of2
                     Protocols and Controls & Safety Guidelines

Safety for public on the ground as well as manned aircraft above is an essential and utmost
consideration for aerial videos and photography. As such, safety protocols and controls must be
implemented through pre-flight preparation and during flight.

Pre-Flight Protocol:

    · Check batteries to insure fully charged and ready for use, as well as inspect batteries for damage or
         leakage that may affect proper operation.

    · Inspect propellers for cracks, chips or damage that may cause sudden loss of propulsion or
         unmanageable/uncontrolled flight.

    · Monitor AWOS reports and forecasts for wind advisory or other conditions that my impact flight.
    · Consult current sectional charts for operational area hazards and limitations.
    · Verify signal on my aviation frequency transceiver and monitor the local CTAF for any active air

         traffic.
    · Check for any NOTAMs related to area of activity.
    · Post warning sign(s)/stand(s) "Attention Aerial Photography In Progress- Remain Back 50 Feet",

         and "Do not talk to or engage pilot or spotter".

Flight Protocol:

    · Takeoff and land from same location.
    · Spotter to remain alert to birds, sound or aircraft, curious public, and approaching vehicles.
    · Spotter to not allow anyone to engage in conversation or distract the remote control pilot restrict

         flight to minimal elevation sufficient to acquire desired results.
     · Remained focused on UAS and prepared for emergency failsafe landing at all times.
     · Monitor battery life to insure ample time for safe controlled landing.
     · Land UAS and shut down propulsion immediately following landing.

Post Flight Protocol:

     · Remove Battery to prevent accidental activation of propulsion system.
     · Secure UAS in its case.
     · Remove all signs from public access area.

Emergency Landing Protocol in event of the following:

     · Manned aircraft is heard or seen in vicinity of flight.
     · There is a public gathering within established safety boundary wanting to observe flight.
     · Pilot is being distracted from focusing on flight and safety.
     · Sudden change in weather (wind bursts).
     · Birds enter into proximity of flight.
     · Spotter detects any unsafe environment issue.

                          Roger Duffell · 1416 Arblay Place · Loganville, Georgia 30052-4140
                                           Phone: 770.560.1826 · Fax: 770.454.0038

                                        Section 333 Petition for Exemption -Appendix B
                                                                        Page2 of2
          Roger D. Duffell, PhD

1416 Arblay Place  Loganville, Georgia 30052-4140
       Phone: 770.560.1826  Fax: 770.454.0038

                                                              Friday, July 17, 2015

                                RE: Docket ID: FAA-2015-1067

Brenda Robeson, Program Analyst, Airmen and Airspace Rules Division,

I, Roger Duffell, am submitting this in response your letter dated July 6th, 2015, Request for Additional
Information.

Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (the Reform Act), and 14 C.F.R. Part
11, I, Roger Duffell, operating a Unmanned Aircraft System (UAS) equipped to conduct aerial photography and
survey for various industries, hereby applies for an exemption from the Federal Aviation Regulations (FARs) listed
below to allow operation of my registered UAS commercially in airspace regulated by the Federal Aviation
Administration (FAA) so long as such operations are conducted with and under the conditions outlined herein or as
may be established by the FAA as required by Section 333.

The requested exemption would permit I, Roger Duffell, to pursue commercial interests in providing services to
consumers interested in aerial data capture using a small advanced UAS in the following areas:

· Agricultural Surveying
· Analyze Topography Realities
· UAS Operator Training
· Real Estate Photography
· Product Demonstrations
· Research and Development

UASs are proving to be a viable and feasible method to obtain information of agricultural cropland in determining
optimum inputs that result in cost savings to farmers, yield security, and reduce environmental impact of excess
fertilizers and chemicals in the soil. The real-time topographical understanding of erosion can also provide land
owners with valuable information on a more frequent basis due to the reduced cost, thus reducing or preventing a
need for damage control.

UASs can provide higher quality imagery in a timelier manner, and at lower costs than current means, thus
allowing consumers relief more quickly from disasters. Roof and tower inspections of commercial structures can be
done without the risk to humans associated with the associated climbing and subsequent liability. Industries across
a broad spectrum welcome the ability to now be proactive with preventative inspections more cost effectively.

I, Roger Duffell, stipulate that all commercial interests UAS flights that will occur over private or controlled access
property will do so with the property owner's prior consent and knowledge and that only people who have
consented or otherwise have agreed to be in the area where photography and videography will take place will be
captured. Additionally, I, Roger Duffell, hold a FAA Private Pilot License with Class III Medical Certificate and
that any spotters that are not licensed airmen will be trained to understand the proper roles of a spotter,
communication procedures, proper visual scan techniques, operations at non-towered airports, and appropriate
sections of the Aeronautical Information Manual.

                                Page 1 of 5
I am petitioning for exemption to enable myself to operate a DJI Phantom 2 Vision Plus multi-rotor equipped with a
three-axis gimbaled camera. This UAS weighs less than 3 lbs., has a built- in capability to limit the height it flies
above the ground, to limit the radius of the distance it flies from the operator and to exclude it from Class A, B, C
and D airspace including a no fly zone feature. System also has the failsafe function of the autopilot system, which
means when the communication between the Main Controller and the transmitter is lost; the system will
automatically trigger Return to Home and will land safely.

The above specifications meet standards listed below, some derived in accordance with the Model
Aircraft Operating Standards:

· The petitioner will only operate its UAS in line of sight of a pilot and/or spotter and will operate at sites
that are a 'sufficient distance' from populated areas within the sterile area described in the operator's manual. Such
operations will insure that the UAS will "not create a hazard to users of the national airspace system or the public."
· When flying UAS within 3 miles of an airport, airport operators will be notified and the operator will give
the right of way to avoid flying in the proximity of full-scale aircraft.
· Maximum flight time for each operational flight will be 25 minutes.
· Flights will be terminated at 25% battery power reserve should that occur prior to the 25 minute limit.
· The UAV will be programmed so that it will not be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet AGL.
· Minimum crew for each commercial interests operation will consist of the UAS FAA Licensed Pilot and
the Spotter.
· The UAS PIC's (Pilot in Command) will be an FAA licensed airman holding a FAA Private Pilot and Third
Class FAA Medical Certificate.
· The UAS operated by the petitioner weighs less than 55 pounds, including the payload (i.e. camera, lens,
and gimbal).
· The UAS will operate at speeds of no more than 55 knots.

Given the small size of the UAS and the restricted sterile environment within which it will operate, I feel my UAS
operations would adhere to the Reform Act's safety requirements.

Additionally, the fact that I, Roger Duffell, holds FAA Pilot certificate, demonstrates that I have a high regard to
safe operations with an understanding of FARs, pre-flight inspections, maintenance and repair, operations within
airspace, as well as being trained to high safety standards.

Under the requested exemption Roger Duffell ensures that all spotters will have completed a small unmanned
aircraft systems (UAS) education and training program including all applicable regulations and guidance
documents; including aeronautical background information such as charts, NOTAMs and Radio Communications
Procedures; Human Factors and Crew Resource Management; Basic Small UAS Aerodynamics; Weather factors;
Airmanship and Decision-making and Safe Operating Procedures.

                           Roger Duffell  1416 Arblay Place  Loganville, Georgia 30052-4140
                                             Phone: 770.560.1826  Fax: 770.454.0038
                                                    Section 333 Petition for Exemption
                                                                      Page 2 of 5
I, Roger Duffell, request an exemption from the following regulations as well as any additional regulations that may
technically apply to the operation of the UAS N539YQ and any subsequent backup registered UAS of same model.
Regulations from which the exemption is requested:

14 C.F.R. Part 21
14 C.F.R. 45.23 (b)
14 C.F.R. 61.113(a) and (b)
14 C.F.R. 91.7 (a)
14 C.F.R. 91.9 (b) (2)
14 C.F.R. 91.109
14 C.F.R . 91.119
14 C.F.R. 91.121
14 C.F.R. 91.151(a)
14 C.F.R. 91.203 (a) & (b)
14 C.F.R. 91.205 (b)
14 C.F.R. 91.215
14 C.F.R. (91.401 - 91.417)

14 CFR Part 21, Airworthiness Certificates
This part establishes the procedures for the issuance of an airworthiness certificate. While the FAA continues to
work to develop airworthiness standards for Unmanned Aerial Systems, we request an experimental certificate be
issued for the DJI Phantom 2 Vision Plus V3, N539YQ, under either or both of the following provisions:

21.191 Experimental certificates.

Experimental certificates are issued for the following purposes:

(a) Research and development. Testing new aircraft design concepts, new aircraft equipment, new aircraft
installations, new aircraft operating techniques, or new uses for aircraft.
(b) Showing compliance with regulations. Conducting flight tests and other operations to show compliance with
the airworthiness regulations including flights to show compliance for issuance of type and supplemental type
certificates, flights to substantiate major design changes, and flights to show compliance with the function and
reliability requirements of the regulations. Since the experimental certificate can be used for commercial purposes
such as market surveys, sales demonstrations, and customer crew training, we would expect that an experimental
certificate would permit my commercial purpose as well. The aircraft will not carry persons or property, will not
carry fuel, and will only fly under strict operational requirements. Combined with the UAS light weight, being
constructed primarily of carbon fiber and/or plastic, I propose that the UAS will be at least as safe, if not safer, than
a conventionally certificated aircraft performing the same mission. If an experimental airworthiness certificate is
not appropriate for this application, then we request an exemption of 14 CFR Part 21, Subpart H, and the
requirement for airworthiness certificate in general, citing the equivalent level of safety outlined in the previous
paragraph.

14 CFR 45.23 Display of marks; general and 14 CFR 45.29 Size of marks.
These regulations provide that each aircraft must display "N" and the aircraft's registration number in letters at least
3 inches high. Additionally, the aircraft must display the word "EXPERIMENTAL" in letters at least 2 inches high
near the entrance to the cabin, cockpit, or pilot station. The UAS does not have an entrance in which the word
"EXPERIMENTAL" can be placed. We can propose to achieve an equivalent level of safety by including the word
"EXPERIMENTAL" in the placard on the top of the aircraft, as shown above, where the PIC, VO and others in the
vicinity of the aircraft while it is preparing for launch will be able to see the designation. Additionally, we feel that
the permanent placard discussed in the previous paragraph will provide the aircraft's registration information at the
ground station. Finally, we can display at the ground station a high contrast flag or banner that contains the words
"Unmanned Aircraft System Ground Station" in letters 3 inches high or greater. Since the aircraft will operate

                           Roger Duffell  1416 Arblay Place  Loganville, Georgia 30052-4140
                                             Phone: 770.560.1826  Fax: 770.454.0038
                                                    Section 333 Petition for Exemption
                                                                      Page 3 of 5
within 3/4 NM of the ground station, the banner should be visible to anyone that observes the aircraft and chooses
to investigate its point of origin.

14 CFR 61.113 Private pilot privileges and limitations: Pilot in Command and 61.133 Commercial pilot privileges
and limitations.
The regulation provides that no person that holds a Private Pilot certificate may act as pilot in Command of an
aircraft for compensation or hire. Subparagraph (b) allows a private pilot to act as pilot in command of an aircraft in
connection with any business or employment if: (1) The flight is only incidental to that business or employment;
and (2) The aircraft does not carry passengers or property for compensation or hire. My proposed operations require
that the PIC must hold at least a Private Pilot Certificate issued by the FAA and since the aircraft cannot carry
passengers or property, I feel this will meet the intent of 61.113 Subparagraph (b) even though the intent of this
application is to conduct a business.

14 CFR 91.7 Prohibits the Operation of an aircraft without an airworthiness certificate.
As no such certificate will be applicable in the form contemplated by the FARs, this Regulation is inapplicable.

14 CFR 91.9 Civil aircraft flight manual, marking, and placard requirements.
This regulation provides that no person may operate an aircraft unless a current, approved flight manual is in the
aircraft. I assume that the intent of this requirement is to ensure that flight manual information is available to the
aircrew while operating the aircraft. I request an exemption to this requirement since the aircraft is not only too
small to carry documentation; the documentation would not be available to the crew during flight operations. To
obtain an equivalent level of safety and meet the intent of 91.9, I propose that a current, approved UAS Flight
Manual must be available to the crew at the ground station anytime the aircraft is in, or preparing for, flight.

14 CFR 91.109 Flight Instruction.
Simulated instrument flight and certain flight tests the regulation states that "No person may operate a civil aircraft
that is being used for flight instruction unless that aircraft has fully functioning dual controls." The UAS ground-
based control station consists of a small hand-held radio transmitter and while it does not offer a second set of
"controls", both the student and instructor could operate the single set of controls simultaneously. With both student
and instructor having "hands-on" the controls during flight, I feel that this technique meets the intent 91.109 and
provides an equivalent level of safety.

14 CFR 91.119 Minimum safe altitudes: General.
The regulation states that over sparsely populated areas the aircraft cannot be operated closer than 500 feet to any
vessel, vehicle, or structure. Since the typical mission of the UAS would be photography or survey of persons,
vessels, vehicles or structures it would be necessary to operate closer than 500 feet to the items listed. Operations
will only be flown over property or persons where permission has been obtained and careful pre-planning practice
has been performed. The aircraft will be operated at a low altitude allowing, if a power unit fails, an emergency
landing without undue hazard to persons or property on the surface. Therefore we maintain that due to the small
size of the UAS, the hazard to persons, vehicles and structures is minimal compared to manned aircraft, which
should be considered in granting the exemption.

14 CFR 91.121 Altimeter settings.
The regulation requires that aircraft shall maintain cruising altitudes by reference to an altimeter setting available
within 100 NM of the aircraft. The UAS will always fly below 400 feet AGL and will not need to maintain cruising
altitudes in order to prevent conflict with other aircraft. An Above Ground Level altimeter measurement above the
takeoff point is transmitted via radio from the UAS on-board computer to the display screen held by the PIC,
providing a constantly updated AGL readout.

14 CFR 91.151 Fuel requirements for flight in VFR conditions.
The regulation provides that no person may begin a flight in an airplane under day-VFR conditions unless there is
enough fuel to fly to the first point of intended landing and to fly after that for at least 30 minutes. I feel the

                           Roger Duffell  1416 Arblay Place  Loganville, Georgia 30052-4140
                                             Phone: 770.560.1826  Fax: 770.454.0038
                                                    Section 333 Petition for Exemption
                                                                      Page 4 of 5
intention of this paragraph is to provide an energy reserve as a safety buffer for delays to landing. The UAS is
battery operated and the maximum duration of flight from a single battery charge is 1-30 minutes with a 20%
reserve. Since the aircraft will never fly more than 1/2 NM from the point of intended landing, a full battery charge
at launch will ensure that we meet the reserve energy requirement of this paragraph. I request an exemption to the
word "fuel" and ask for an equivalent interpretation with the word "energy". I also request exemption from the 30
min reserve and ask that my reserve will be to fly the mission to the point of intended landing and have at least a
20% battery reserve after that.

14 CFR 91.203(a) & (b) Civil aircraft: Certifications required.
The regulation provides that an airworthiness certificate, with the registration number assigned to the aircraft and a
registration certificate must be aboard the aircraft. Additionally, subparagraph (b) provides that the airworthiness
certificate be "displayed at the cabin or cockpit entrance so that it is legible to passengers or crew." The UAS is too
small to carry documentation, does not have an entrance, and is not capable of carrying passengers or crew. To
obtain an equivalent level of safety and meet the intent of 91.203, I propose that documents deemed appropriate for
this aircraft by the FAA will be co- located with the crew at the ground control station and available for inspection
upon request. In order to identify the aircraft, I propose that the information found on airworthiness and registration
certificates be permanently affixed to the aircraft via placard containing the following information N539YQ plus
the word "EXPERIMENTAL" to satisfy the requirement of 14 CFR 45.23.

14 CFR Subpart E (91.401- 91.417) - Maintenance, Preventive Maintenance, Alterations
The regulation provides that the operator is primarily responsible for maintaining the aircraft in an airworthy
condition, including compliance with part 39 and 43. Paragraphs 91.407 and 91.409 require that the aircraft be
"approved for return to service by a person authorized under 43.7" after maintenance and inspection. It is my
intention that the PIC perform maintenance and inspection of the aircraft and "be authorized to approve the aircraft
for return to service."
The PIC will ensure that the aircraft is in an airworthy condition prior to every flight and in addition, conduct
detailed inspections after every two hours of flight. Maintenance performed by the PIC is limited to repairing small
cracks, replacing a propeller, checking electrical connections and updating software and firmware for the on-board
computer. All other maintenance will be performed by the manufacturer or their designated repair facility. The PIC
will document work performed in accordance with 91.417. I feel that due to the size, construction, and simplicity of
the aircraft, the PIC can ensure an equivalent level of safety.

I respectfully request a Certificate of Authorization under Section 333 to enable me, Roger Duffell, to operate safe,
low-risk commercial UAV operations for the activities stated. I at all times will continue to respect the space and
privacy of citizens and property whilst keeping our skies safe.

Respectfully Submitted,

Roger Duffell

                           Roger Duffell  1416 Arblay Place  Loganville, Georgia 30052-4140
                                             Phone: 770.560.1826  Fax: 770.454.0038
                                                    Section 333 Petition for Exemption
                                                                      Page 5 of 5
