June 1, 2015

                                                          Exemption No. 11729
                                                          Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­0215

Mr. Jesse Smalley
Rose Paving Company
4698 South Old Peachtree Road
Norcross, GA 30071

Dear Mr. Smalley:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated January 24, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA)
on behalf of Rose Paving Company (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption. The
petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to support asphalt paving
and ground utilization.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a DJI Phantom 2 Vision+.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
                                                                                                                 2

consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21 and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

· They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

· The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

· A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Rose Paving Company is granted an exemption from
14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c),
91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to
the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Rose Paving Company is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.
                                                                                                            3

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom 2
    Vision+ when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations
    of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
    not permitted.

3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
    exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
    compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
    airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
    aircraft manufacturer.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
    electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC must
    be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
    required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update or
    revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then the
                                                                                                            4

    operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's UAS
    Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding updates or
    revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g. replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g. inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
                                                                                                            5

    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating. These
                                                                                               6

documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
    reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
    contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
    as documented in this grant of exemption.

30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
    exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
    District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
                                                                                                                 7

         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:

           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted

              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of

              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners

              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.

This exemption terminates on May 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service
                                                                                                                       January 24, 2015

      PAVING CO.

U.S. Department of Transportation
Docket Management System
1200 New Jersey Ave., SE
Washington, DC 20590

Re: Exemption Request under Section 333 ofthe FAA Reform Act and Part 11 ofthe Federal
Aviation Regulations

Dear Sir or Madam:

Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (the "Reform Act")
and 14 C.F.R. Part 11, Rose Paving Company ("RPC"), seeks an exemption from Federal
Aviation Regulations ("FARs") detailed below for the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ Unmanned
Aircraft System manufactured by DJI of Shenzhen, China.

The requested exemption would support an application for a commercial Certificate of
Authorization to use the system to support asphalt paving and ground utilization. The DJI
Phantom 2 Vision+ system consists of a lightweight (2. 73 pounds) battery operated aircraft,
based on a small hand-held remote control operating on 5.8 GHz and is CE and FCC compliant.
In addition to the remote control, the DJI Phantom 2 Vision + offers the pilot with First Person
Viewing "FPV" via WiFi connection and ground control receiver independent of the main
remote control device. The aircraft carries an onboard geo-referenced still camera that allows it
to conduct precision photogrammetry and videography at the resolutions necessary for accurate
isolation of necessary safety repair areas for private property only. This high-resolution data
can provide owners of large parcels the ability to direct necessary funding to safety and non-
safety areas of concern on paved surfaces, thus eliminating wasteful spending and maintaining a
proactive safe environment for the general public.

The aircraft will be operated in the field with both a Pilot in Command (PIC) and a ground-based
Visual Observer (VO) in accordance with FAA PolicyN 8900.227 Section 14 "Operational
Requirements for UAS" with the following additional restrictions:

-All operations will occur in Class G airspace at no more than 400' AGL
-Operations will be operated over private property with the permission of the land owner or
representative of land owner
- All required permits will be obtained from state and local government prior to operation
- The aircraft will not be operated over urban areas
-When necessary, the aircraft will only be operated over populated business parcels before normal
business operating hours to maintain safe and efficient flights at all times, noting the general
public's safety is our main priority
-The aircraft will not be operated at air shows or over an open-air assembly of people
- The aircraft will not be operated over heavily trafficked roads
- The aircraft will not be operated within 5 NM of an airport or heliport
- Operations will be limited to day, visual meteorological conditions
-Aircraft will remain within Visual Line of Sight at no greater than 1/2 NM of the PIC at all time
- While the aircraft is airborne, the YO will be positioned within voice distance to the PIC
-PIC will file a NOTAM providing radiai/DME, radius, and a date/time group for each operation

                                                                                                                                   liPage
                                                                                                                        January 24, 2015

     PAVING CO.

The PIC and YO will meet the requirements outlined in FAA Policy N 8900.227 Section 16
Personnel Qualifications. Additionally, the PIC and VO will perform maintenance on the system
and will complete a course of maintenance instruction as part of their initial training. Due to the
simplicity of the system, we do not anticipate the need for a supplemental pilot.

We submit that the combination of the aircraft's light weight, historically demonstrated flight
performance, fully qualified flight crew and strict operation under the guidelines established in
8900.227, the FAA can have confidence that the operation will have an equivalent or greater
level of safety of manned aircraft performing the same mission.

The name and contact information of the applicant are:

Rose Paving Company
4698 S. Old Peachtree Rd.
Norcross, Georgia 30071
Attn: Jesse Smalley
Ph: 770-549-0095
Fax: 678-303-2515
Email: jsmalley@rosepaving.com

The regulations from which the exemption is requested are as follows:

- 14 CFR Part 21
- 14 CFR 91.203
- 14 CFR 45.23, 45.29
- 14 CFR 91.9
- 14 CFR 61.113,61.133
- 14 CFR 91.11 9
- 14 CFR 91.121,91.151
- 14 CFR Subpart E (91.401- 91.417)
-FAA Policy 8900.227 Paragraph 16(c)(4) and Paragraph 16(e)(1)

We are prepared to modify or amend any part of this request to satisfy the need for an equivalent
level of safety. We look forward to working with your office. Please contact us at any time if
you require additional information or clarification.

rk.-~Sincerely,

Jesse Smalley
Director of Special Projects

                                                                                                                                       21Page
                                                     January 24, 2015

     PAVING CO.
Appendices:
A. Exemption Request and Equivalent Level of Safety
B. Maintenance Procedures
C. User Manual
D. Training Program
E. Quick Start Guide and Description List
F. Model Updates
G. Manufacture Disclaimer
H. Energy Management & Battery Guidelines
I. Aviation Experience

                                                     31Page
                                                                                                            Appendix A

             EXEMPTION REQUESTS AND EQUIVALENT LEVEL OF SAFETY

Rose Paving Company requests an exemption from the following regulations as well as any
additional regulations that may technically apply to the operation of the DJI Phantom 2
Vision+:

14 CFR Part 21, Subpart H: Airworthiness Certificates

This part establishes the procedures for the issuance of an airworthiness certificate. While the
FAA continues to work to develop airworthiness standards for UAS, we request an experimental
certificate be issued for the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ under either or both of the following
provisions:

         21.191 Experimental certificates.
         Experimental certificates are issued for the following purposes:
         (a) Research and development. Testing new aircraft design concepts, new aircraft
         equipment, new aircraft installations, new aircraft operating techniques, or new
         uses for aircraft.
         (b) Showing compliance with regulations. Conducting flight tests and other
         operations to show compliance with the airworthiness regulations including
         flights to show compliance for issuance of type and supplemental type
         certificates, flights to substantiate major design changes, and flights to show
         compliance with the function and reliability requirements of the regulations.

Since the experimental certificate can be used for commercial purposes such as market surveys,
sales demonstrations, and customer crew training, we would expect that an experimental
certificate would permit our commercial purpose as well.

The aircraft will not carry persons or property, will not carry fuel, and will only fly under strict
operational requirements. Combined with the fact that the aircraft weighs only 2. 73 pounds and
is constructed primarily out of injected plastic, we propose that the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ will
be at least as safe, if not safer, than a conventionally certificated aircraft performing the same

miSSIOn.

If an experimental airworthiness certificate is not appropriate for this application, then we
request an exemption of 14 CFR Part 21, Subpart H, and the requirement for an airworthiness
certificate in general, citing the equivalent level of safety outlined in the previous paragraph.

14 CFR 91.203(a) & (b) Civil aircraft: Certifications required.

The regulation provides that an airworthiness certificate, with the registration number assigned to
the aircraft and a registration certificate must be aboard the aircraft. Additionally, subparagraph
(b) provides that the airworthiness certificate be "displayed at the cabin or cockpit entrance so
that it is legible to passengers or crew." At 2. 73 pounds, the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ is too small
to carry documentation, does not have an entrance, and is not capable of carrying passengers or
crew.

To obtain an equivalent level of safety and meet the intent of91.203, we propose that documents
deemed appropriate for this aircraft by the FAA will be co-located with the crew at the ground
control station and available for inspection upon request. In order to identify the aircraft, we

                                                                                                                                  41Page
                                                                                                                Appendix A

propose that the information found on airworthiness and registration certificates be permanently
affixed to the aircraft via placard:

                                                Manufacturer: DJI
                                                 Model: Phantom 2

                                                        Vision+
                                             Model Number: PV331

                                                   Serial Number:
                                                    PH645439463

                                                      Registered
                                                           to:

                                              Rose Paving Company
                                                7300 W. 1001h Place
                                                   Bridgeview, IL
                                                         60455

                                   If found please contact: (770) 549-0095

14 CFR 45.23 Display of marks; general and 45.29 Size of marks.

These regulations provide that each aircraft must display "N" and the aircraft's registration
number in letters at least 3 inches high. Additionally, the aircraft must display the word
"EXPERIMENTAL" in letters at least 2 inches high near the entrance to the cabin, cockpit, or
pilot station. The 2.73 pound DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ does not have an entrance in which the
word "EXPERIMENTAL" can be placed, and may not have a registration number assigned to it
by the FAA.

We propose to achieve an equivalent level of safety by including the word "EXPERIMENTAL"
on the top of the aircraft, where the PIC, VO and others in the vicinity of the aircraft while it is
preparing for launch will be able to see the designation. Additionally, we feel that the permanent
placard discussed in the previous paragraph will provide the aircraft's registration information
should it be found on the ground. Finally, we will display at the ground station a high contrast
flag or banner that contains the words "Unmanned Aircraft Ground Station" in letters 3 inches

high or greater. Since the aircraft will operate within 112 NM of the ground station, the banner

should be visible to anyone that observes the aircraft and chooses to investigate it's point of
ongm.

14 CFR 91.9 Civil aircraft flight manual, marking, and placard requirements.

This regulation provides that no person may operate an aircraft unless a current, approved flight
manual is in the aircraft. We assume that the intent of this requirement is to ensure that flight
manual information is available to the aircrew while operating the aircraft. We request an
exemption to this requirement since the aircraft is not only too small to carry documentation, the
documentation would not be available to the crew.

To obtain an equivalent level of safety and meet the intent of91.9, we propose that a current,
approved Airplane Flight Manual (appendix E) must be available to the crew at the ground
station anytime the aircraft is in, or preparing for, flight.

                                                                                                          5I Page
                                                                                                            Appendix A

14 CFR 61.113 Private pilot privileges and limitations: Pilot in Command and 61.133
Commercial pilot privileges and limitations.

The regulation provides that no person that holds a private pilot certificate may act as pilot in
command of an aircraft for compensation or hire. Subparagraph (b) allows a private pilot to act
as pilot in command of an aircraft in connection with any business or employment if: (1) The
flight is only incidental to that business or employment; and (2) The aircraft does not carry
passengers or property for compensation or hire.

Our proposed operations meet the requirements of8900.227 para 16(c)(2)(c) "Operations
without a pilot certificate" in which the PIC is required to complete "FAA commercial pilot
ground instruction" and pass "the FAA commercial pilot written examination." Since there are
currently no means available for the pilot of a UAS to gain the experience in an equivalent
category and class in order to apply for a commercial pilot's license, we propose to generate an
equivalent level of safety by requiring our pilots to complete, at a minimum, FAA Private Pilot
ground instruction and pass the FAA Private Pilot written examination in addition to completing
the Private Pilot requirements. Since the aircraft cannot carry passengers or property, we feel we
meet the intent of 61.113 Subparagraph (b) even though the intent of this application is to
conduct a business.

14 CFR 91.119 Minimum safe altitudes: General.

The regulation provides that over sparsely populated areas the aircraft cannot be operated closer
than 500 feet to any person, vessel, vehicle, or structure. Since the aircraft will be operating at a
maximum of 400 feet AGL, we cannot comply with this requirement.

To provide an equivalent level of safety we will only fly over private property with the
permission of the land owner. The land owner will be briefed of the expected route of flight and
the associated risks to persons and property on the ground. We maintain that due to the small
size of the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+, the hazard to persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures is not
comparable to manned aircraft and should be considered in granting the exemption.

The aircraft will not be operated over congested areas nor over any open air assembly of persons.
The aircraft will be operated at an altitude allowing, if a power unit fails, an emergency landing
without undue hazard to persons or property on the surface.

14 CFR 91.121 Altimeter settings.

The regulation provides that aircraft shall maintain cruising altitudes by reference to an altimeter
setting available within 100 nautical miles of the aircraft. The aircraft will fly below 400 feet
AGL and will not need to maintain hemispherical cruising altitudes in order to de-conflict with
other aircraft. As such, an appropriate altimeter measurement presented to the pilot should be
Above Ground Level and should be based on the barometric pressure at the point of launch. To
provide an equivalent level of safety, the UAS's AGL altimeter will be set to zero on the ground
prior to every flight. Since the aircraft will fly no more than 15 minutes per flight, even rapid
changes in barometric pressure will have limited affect on the safety of the flight.

14 CFR 91.151 Fuel requirements for flight in VFR conditions.

The regulation provides that no person may begin a flight in an airplane under day-VFR
conditions unless there is enough fuel to fly to the first point of intended landing and to fly after

                                                                                                                                                 6jPage
                                                                                                                   Appendix A

that for at least 30 minutes. We feel the intention of this paragraph is to provide a reserve of
energy as a safety buffer for go-arounds and other delays to landing.

The DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ is battery operated and the maximum duration of flight from a single
battery charge is 15 minutes. Since the aircraft will never fly more than 1/2 nm from the point of
intended landing, a full battery charge at launch will ensure that we meet the reserve energy
requirement of this paragraph. We request an exemption to the word "fuel" and ask for an
equivalent interpretation with the word "energy".

14 CFR Subpart E (91.401 - 91.417)- Maintenance, Preventive Maintenance, and
Alterations.

The regulation provides that the operator is primarily responsible for maintaining the aircraft in
an airworthy condition, including compliance with part 39 and 43. Paragraphs 91.407 and
91.409 require that the aircraft be "approved for return to service by a person authorized under
43.7" after maintenance and inspection. It is our intention that the PIC perform maintenance and
inspection of the aircraft and "be authorized to approve the aircraft for return to service."

As provided in the attached Maintenance Procedures (appendix D), the PIC will ensure that the
aircraft is in an airworthy condition prior to flight and conduct detailed inspections after every 10
hours. Maintenance performed by the PIC is limited to repairing small cracks, replacing a
propeller, and updating software and firmware. All other maintenance will be performed by the
manufacturer. The PIC will document work performed in accordance with 91.417. We feel that
due to the size, construction, and simplicity of the aircraft, the PIC can ensure an equivalent level
of safety.

8900.227 Paragraph 16(c)(4) PIC Medical. and Paragraph 16(e)(l) Observer Medical.

This policy provides that both the PIC and VO must have a valid FAA second-class medical
certificate issued under part 67 in order to perform as a pilot or observer. The aircraft weighs 2.73
pounds and is constructed out of injected plastic. Requiring the crew to meet the same medical
requirements as a commercial pilot carrying passengers in a large aircraft is an unnecessary burden.

We propose that the minimum medical requirements be the PIC must possess a current third-class
medical certificate. Given the unlikely event that both the PIC and VO become medically
incapacitated while the aircraft is in flight, the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ will recover autonomously to
the landing location designated prior to launch without crew intervention.

Additional Information to Support Request.

Per Regulatory Docket No. FAA-2014-0508 and Exemption Number 11136, we feel Rose Paving
Company models the similar aforementioned request and that all information provided should meet
the requirements for Section 333 Grant of Exemption.

Parts of this letter for 333 Exemption Status has been copied with the expressed consent from
Advanced Aviation Solutions President and CEO, Seven C. Edgar.

                                                                                                                                  71Page
                                                                                       Appendix B

MAINTENANCE PROCEDURES

-See PDF attachment

"Phantom-2-Vision-  Plus         User-  Manual-  v1.6-  en.pdf'  pg.  2  paragraph  2
                              -

                                                                                       81Page
                                                                  Appendix C

                                     USER MANUAL

-See PDF attachment See PDF attachment
" P h a n t o m _2_Vision_ P l u s _User_Manual_v1.6_en. p d f '

                                                                  91Page
                                                                                                                  Appendix D
                                            TRAINING PROGRAM
See PDF attachment "Phantom_2_ Vision_Plus_Pilot_Training_Guide_v 1.1_en.pdf'

                                                                                                                                      lOIPage
                                                                      Appendix E

                         QUICK START GUIDE AND DESCRIPTION LIST
See PDF attachment "Phantom_2_Vision_Plus_Quick_Start_Guide_en. pdf'

                                                                      Ill Page
                                                                 Appendix F

                                               MODEL UPDATES
See PDF attachment "Phantom_2_Vision_Plus_Release_Notes_en.pdf'

                                                                 121Page
                                                              Appendix G

                                      MANUFACTURE DISCLAIMER
See PDF attachment "Phantom__2_Vision_Plus_Disclaimer.pdf'

                                                              13IPage
                                                                 Appendix H

                    ENERGY MANAGEMENT AND BATTERY GUIDELINES
See PDF attachment "Smart_Flight_Battery_Safety_Guidelines.pdf'

                                                                 141 Page
                                                                                                               Appendix I
                                          AVIATION EXPERIENCE
Rose Paving Company designates (1) pilot for all duties associated with the UAS for the purpose
mentioned in Appendix A. The instrument-rated pilot, Jesse Smalley, has over 900 hours of
actual flight time, mostly in complex aircraft. He has also logged over 100+ hours of RIC and
UAS vehicles. He currently possesses a valid 3rd Class Medical Certificate and is in good
standing with the FAA.

                                                                                                                                 15JPage
