August 28, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12654
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­1590

Mr. Brendan M. Schulman, Esq.
Kramer Levin Naftalis & Frankel LLP
Counsel for RPSearch Services, Inc.
1177 Avenue of the Americas
New York, NY 10036

Dear Mr. Schulman:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated April 30, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of RPSearch Services, Inc. (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption. The
petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct search and
rescue.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a RP Flight Systems Spectra AP and DJI Inspire 1.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
                                                                                                                 2

consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, RPSearch Services, Inc. is granted an exemption from
14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c),
91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to
the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                               3

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, RPSearch Services, Inc. is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the RP Flight Systems
    Spectra AP and DJI Inspire 1 when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload.
    Proposed operations of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to
    amend this exemption.

2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
    not permitted.

3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
    exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
    compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
    airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
    aircraft manufacturer.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.

    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
    electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
    must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
    required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
                                                                                                            4

    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.
                                                                                                            5

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.
                                                                                                            6

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

    The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
    nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
    reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
    contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.
                                                                                                                 7

 If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
 television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                      8

This exemption terminates on August 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.
Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
UNITED STATES DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION
          FEDERAL AVIATION ADMINISTRATION

__________________________________________

                                          )

Petition for Exemption                      )

Pursuant to Pub. Law 112-95 § 333         )

and 14 CFR Part 11                          )

concerning Unmanned Aircraft Systems        )

Used for Search and Rescue Purposes         )

and Certificate of Authorization Request    )

                                          )

__________________________________________)

                           PETITION OF RPSEARCH SERVICES, INC.
                                FOR REGULATORY EXEMPTION

                    AND CERTIFICATE OF AUTHORIZATION REQUEST

Dated: April 30, 2015
Filed Electronically

Please address all communications with respect to this Petition to:

Brendan M. Schulman
Kramer Levin Naftalis & Frankel LLP
1177 Avenue of the Americas
New York, NY 10036
Phone: (212) 715-9247
Fax: (212) 715-8220
Counsel for Petitioner
RPSearch Services, Inc.
Email: BSchulman@KramerLevin.com

KL3 3010423.3
I. Introduction: Search and Rescue

         According to the FBI's National Crime Information Center, an average of 1,700 people are
reported missing each day in the United States.1 Many of them are at grave risk in dangerous
situations: lost children, stranded hikers, marooned boaters, mentally ill, psychologically troubled
or intoxicated individuals, or victims of abduction or other crimes. The sheer number of missing
people, combined with the challenges of searching in the vast open areas of our country's
geography, overwhelm community groups, families, emergency responders and taxpayer-funded
resources. Missing persons have been, and will continue to be, effectively, efficiently, and safely
located by aerial imagery of locations of interest, which provides invaluable information to
searchers on the ground.

         Petitioner RPSearch Services, Inc. ("RPSS") respectfully submits this Petition for
Exemption from regulations the FAA considers applicable to the civil operation of unmanned
aircraft systems, and that the FAA considered necessary for an operator to be exempted from, for
operations concerning search and rescue.2 The benefits of these operations to the public and to the
nation are unquestionable, and safety is assured when they are conducted under the proposed
procedures herein by an experienced and knowledgeable operator.

1 See NCIC Missing Person and Unidentified Person Statistics for 2013, http://www.fbi.gov/about-
    us/cjis/ncic/ncic-missing-person-and-unidentified-person-statistics-for-2013 (last visited May 20,
    2014).

2 Petitioner takes no position with respect to which federal aviation regulations, if any, legally apply to the
    proposed operations.

                                                           2
II. The Identity and Interests of the Petitioner
         Petitioner RPSearch Services, Inc. has been a pioneer in the implementation of protocols

and operating procedures for the use of unmanned aircraft systems for search and rescue purposes.
Its current designated pilot in command, Eugene Robinson, was the first person to successfully
obtain a certificate of waiver or authorization (COA) on behalf of a public operator, (the
Wimberly, Texas Fire Deparment), in 2008. Mr. Robinson has lectured across the country
concerning the safe and responsible use of UAS during search and rescue operations, including
appropriate coordination with incident commanders and local authorities. Mr. Robinson has also
served as the designated pilot-in-command for the National Institute for Standards and Technology
in its program to use UAS to study wildfires, flying over 70 successful missions without incident
under that agency's public aircraft COA.

         In September, 2014, the FAA also granted Mr. Robinson an emergency COA via NIST to
use its UAS in the search for a missing person in Plano, TX. More recently, Mr. Robinson was
granted an emergency COA through the Wimberly Fire Department to conduct a missing-person
search operation using a UAS in Baytown, Texas for two missing teenagers. Mr. Robinson has
trained law enforcement and first responders in UAS search and rescue procedures, and has
successfully used UAS to locate and rescue missing persons, alive, in a foreign country. In short,
petitioner is a responsible, successful, safety-conscious UAS operator who will conduct the
proposed operations within the parameters set out in the operating procedures and the grant of
exemption that is requested.

         The name and address of the Petitioner is:

                                                           3
         RPSearch Services, Inc.
         290 Brunson Lane
         Wimberly, TX 78676
         Email: texhills@verizon.net
         Petitoner requests that communications also be directed to its counsel:
         Brendan M. Schulman, Esq.
         Kramer Levin Naftalis & Frankel LLP
         1177 Avenue of the Americas
         New York, NY 10036
         Phone (212) 715-9247
         Fax (212) 715-8220
         Email: BSchulman@KramerLevin.com
III. RPSearch's Request Would be in the Public Interest and Benefit the Public as a
         Whole

                  The benefit to the public interest of RPSearch's request is unquestionable.

Thousands of people go missing each day, and the subsequent search that is conducted for those

whose disappearance raise concerns overwhelms taxpayer and community resources. The use of

manned aircraft is in many instances more expensive, and more dangerous, than the operations

proposed herein. Thus, the operations are of enormous public benefit and, as set out herein,

present at least an equivalent level of safety under 14 CFR part 11.

IV. The Unmanned Aircraft Systems
                  Petitioner intends to operate two models in connection with the operations proposed

herein, at or below 400 feet above ground level. The following is a summary of the technical

specifications and other considerations of each UAS. Additional documentation from each

manufacturer is being submitted as together with this Petition.

Configuration 1

Spectra

                                                           4
Aircraft Type: Spectra AP flying wing
Manufacturer: RPFlightSystems, Inc.
Construction: EPS foam/ABS/composite
Aircraft Empty Weight: 3.3 lbs.
Aircraft RTF AUW: 4.5 ­ 5.5 lbs.
Propulsion: Electric single propellorr
Power : 5.4AH lithium polymer flight batteries
Onboard electronics: Manual control system RX, flight control system
Optics : (1) still imager, up to (2) video
Launch Type : Hand launch
Landing Type : Skid, net retrieval
Launch Speed : 15 mph
Cruise Speed : 25-34 mph (@ 75% power)
Cruise Speed : 25 mph (@ 50% power)
Landing Speed : 12 mph
Stall : 12 ­ 18mph (depending upon wing loading)
VNE : 75 mph
Duration : 1 hour (5.4Ah battery, 50% power)

Construction: The Spectra is constructed of foam (expanded polystyrene) wings
with internal bracing. Center section may include carbon fiber skeleton and outer
skin of vacuformed ABS.

Propulsion: Aircraft utilize brushless, three phase, AC motors. They utilize a
switching electronic speed control to provide throttle management.

Hazard mitigation

The Spectra is designed to collect imagery utilizing a lightweight and relatively
slow airframe. This reduces the potential for injury by reducing the mass that can
be delivered in a small area. These UAS are considered "frangible" in that they will
come apart on impact without concentrating force in any vector. They do not use
internal combustion motors and do not carry any flammable liquids for operation.
The aircraft utilizes a redundant communications fail safe so that that if either the
command over-ride link or the telemetry fails, the UAS will abort the mission and
return to the launch area.

                                         5
                  Demonstrated Capabilities and Prior FAA Approvals

                  The Spectra was one of the first UAS to receive authorization via a Certificate of
                  Authorization (COA) granted by the FAA for use by a public entity (Hays County,
                  Texas Emergency Management Office), in 2008. See FAA COA 2007-AHQ-25-
                  COA. The COA was renewed a total of two more times during its tenure with the
                  EMO. See 2009-CSA-2-COA and 2010-CSA-28-COA.

                  Additionally, on behalf of the Emergency Service District #4 of Hays County,
                  Petitioner's PIC assisted the Wimberly Fire department in applying for and
                  receiving a COA for Spectra operations in December of 2014. See 2014-CSA-143-
                  COA.

                  Radio Frequency Spectrum

                  The Spectra utilizes an FCC-approved command-and-control systems and telemetry
                  downlink operating on the 900 MHz and 2.4 GHz bands.

Configuration 2

DJI Inspire 1

                  Aircraft Type: Multi-rotor, Inspire 1
                  Manufacturer: DJI
                  Construction: Carbon fiber, plastic, aluminum
                  Aircraft Empty Weight: 3.3 lbs.
                  Aircraft RTF AUW: 4.5 ­ 5.5 lbs.
                  Propulsion: Electric ­ four two blade propellers
                  Power : 5.4AH lithium polymer flight batteries
                  Onboard electronics: Manual control system RX, flight control system
                  Optics : (1) still imager, up to (1) video video, 2.4/5.8Ghz Lightbridge.
                  Launch Type : VTOL
                  Landing Type : VTOL
                  Launch Speed : 15 mph vertical

                                                           6
                  Speed Evelope : 15-35 mph
                  Cruise Speed : 0-25 mph
                  Landing Speed : 0 mph
                  Stall : N/A
                  VNE : N/A
                  Duration : 15 minutes (typical)

                  Propulsion

                  The Inapire 1 utilizes (4) four brushless, three phase, AC motors. These utilize a
                  switching electronic speed control to provide throttle management.

                  Hazard mitigation

                  The Inspire 1 is designed to collect its imagery utilizing VTOL capabilities where a
                  fixed wing airplane would have difficulties in either take off or landing. The
                  Inspire 1 is equipped with a return to launch area (RTH) feature. The Inspire 1 does
                  not use internal combustion motors for propulsion and does not carry any
                  flammable liquids for operation. Risk is further mitigated by the Inspire 1's ability
                  to stay aloft while moving slowly, or to hover in place, unlike a fixed-wing UA
                  which must continue lateral motion during flight.

                  Prior FAA Approvals

                  The DJI Inspire 1 has been approved for use by the FAA in connection with an
                  exemption for aerial photography for the motion picture and television industry.
                  See Exemption Grant No. 11279 (April 1, 2015).

                  Radio Frequency Spectrum

                  The Inspire 1 utilizes FCC-approved command-and-control and video systems
                  operating on the 5.8 GHz and 2.4 GHz bands.

V. Flight Safety Operations and Procedures

                  Petitioner proposes to operate each UAS for the purposes indicated herein pursuant

to its Flight Safety Operations and Procedures ("FSOP"). The FSOP was developed over the

course of nearly a decade, and is being submitted together with this Petition. The FSOP consists of

procedures and standards relating to Personnel Qualifications, Flight Operations and Mission

Profiles, Launch and Landing Zones, Preflight, Takeoff and Post-flight Checklists, In-flight

Communications, and NIMS (National Incident Management System) / IC Interface, all developed

                                                           7
with an emphasis on the safety of UAS operations. The operation will be conducted by the pilot in

command ("PIC") who will maintain visual contact with the UAS during its flight within visual

line of sight, while the UAS captures images of the ground for analysis. The UAS will be operated

at or below a speed of 35 miles per hour, in Class G airspace at least 5 miles from airports (unless

otherwise specifically authorized by FAA). Other operational parameters and various measures

taken to ensure public safety are set out in the FSOP.

VI. Summary of Exemptions Sought

                  RPSearch seeks exemption from the following regulations, to the extent the FAA

deems them applicable to the operation of civil UAS for the indicated purposes:

         14 CFR Part 21
         14 CFR Part 36
         14 CFR 45.23(b)
         14 CFR 61.3
         14 CFR 61.23(a) and (c)
         14 CFR 61.101
         14 CFR 61.113 (a) & (b)
         14 CFR 61.315
         14 CFR. 91.7 (a)
         14 CFR 91.9 (b) (2)
         14 CFR 91.103
         14 CFR 91.105
         14 CFR 91.109
         14 CFR 91.119
         14 CFR 91.121
         14 CFR 91.151 (a)
         14 CFR 91.203 (a) & (b)
         14 CFR 91.405 (a)
         14 CFR 91.407 (a) (1)
         14 CFR 91.409 (a) (2); and
         14 CPR 91.417 (a) & (b)

                                                           8
VII. The Specific Exemptions Sought and Reasons
         A. 14 CFR Part 21 and
                  14 CFR Part 36
                  Petitioner seeks relief from 14 CFR part 21 concerning airworthiness certificates, as

well as any associated noise testing requirements of part 36, with respect to the UAS identified in
Section IV. As set out herein, the size, weight, speed, operational capability, visual line-of-sight
operation, and intended operating area of these UAS meet the conditions of FMRA Section 333.
Moreover, the proposed operations, conducted pursuant to the RPSS FSOP, present an equivalent
level of safety or better. An exemption ought to be granted or, in the alternative, a finding made
that relief from parts 21 and 36 are not necessary for Petitioner's intended operation. (See, e.g.,
Grant of Exemption No. 11282, Docket. No. FAA-2014-0977 (April 6, 2015), finding that such an
exemption is "not necessary.")

         B. 14 CFR 45.23(b)
                  Petitioner seeks relief from 14 CFR 45.23(b) concerning aircraft markings, to the

extent such relief is necessary. Given the size of the UAS, its operation within visual line of sight
of the operator, and other factors, such an exemption is warranted. Petitioner will, if required,
mark each UAS with the word "RESTRICTED" in lettering as large as practicable. However,
Petitioner notes that because its UAS's will not be certificated under § 21.185, such marking is not
actually required, and therefore Petitioner alternatively requests a finding confirming same.

                                                           9
         C. 14 CFR 61.23(a) & (c),
                  14 CFR 61.101,
                  14 CFR 61.113 (a) & (b), and
                  14 CFR 61.315
                  Petitioner seeks relief from 14 CFR 61.101 concerning limitations on recreational

pilot privileges, 14 CFR 61.113(a) and (b) concerning limitations on private pilot privileges, and
14 CFR 61.315 concerning limitations on sport pilot privileges, together with an exemption from
14 CFR 61.23(a) concerning medical certificates. The RPSS FSOP establishes a level of safety
exceeded by that provided by a commercial pilot's certificate in the operation of a passenger
aircraft. The UAS intended to be operated do not carry any person and therefore present an
equivalent or better level of safety compared to manned aircraft operations. Although RPSS's
current FSOP does not strictly require a pilot certificate, Petitioner's current designated pilot in
command, Mr. Robinson, holds a private pilot's certificate, and Petitioner will accept as a
condition of an exemption that the operator hold either a recreational, sport pilot or private pilot
certificate. With respect to medical certification, 14 CFR 61.23(a), Petitioner proposes that the
PIC hold either a current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by
a state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal government.

         D. 14 CFR 91.7(a)
                  Petitioner seeks relief from 14 CFR 91.7(a) concerning civil aircraft airworthiness.

Given the size of the UAS, its operation within visual line of sight of the operator, and other
factors providing an equivalent level of safety, such an exemption is warranted. Moreover,
because petitioner proposes that no airworthiness certificate be issued for the UASs to be operated
under this exemption, § 91.7(a) is inapplicable. Therefore, in the alternative, Petitioner requests a
determination that an exemption from § 91.7(a) is not necessary.

                                                          10
         E. 14 CFR 91.9(b)(2)
                  Petitioner seeks relief from 14 CFR 91.91(b)(2) concerning flight manuals and

placard requirements. Because all persons involved in the operation will be on the ground, not on
board the UAS, such an exemption is clearly warranted. Moreover, the FAA determined in an
August 8, 2014 legal interpretation that keeping such documentation at the control station, as
Petitioner intends to, meets the requirements under these regulations and therefore an exemption is
not necessary. See Memorandum from Mark. W. Bury to John Duncan, "Interpretation regarding
whether certain required documents may be kept at an unmanned aircraft's control station" (August
8, 2014).3

         F. 14 CFR 91.103
                  Petitioner seeks relief from 14 CFR 91.103 concerning preflight action, and

particularly that portion of the regulation concerning FAA-approved flight manuals (which do not
exist). Petitioners' pre-flight actions concerning UAS operations are set out in its FSOP, reflect
that the pilot in command will "become familiar with all available information" concerning the
proposed flight, and therefore present an equivalent or better level of safety. Given the size of the
UAS, its operation within visual line of sight of the operator, and other factors, such an exemption
is warranted. Alternatively, given that Petitioner will account for all relevant site-specific
conditions in its preflight procedures, Petitioner asks for a finding that an exemption from § 91.103
is not necessary for the intended operation.

3 Available at
    https://www.faa.gov/about/office_org/headquarters_offices/agc/pol_adjudication/agc200/interpretations
    /data/interps/2014/Duncan-AFS-1-2%20-%20%282014%29%20Legal%20Interpretation.pdf

                                                          11
         G. 14 CFR 91.105
                  Petitioner seeks relief from 14 CFR 91.105 concerning "Flight crewmembers at

stations" and seat belt/harness fastening. Because there is no crew on board the UAS, and persons
involved in the operations will be present at the UAS ground station pursuant to the FSOP,
Petitioner believes that such an exemption is warranted due to Petitioner's FSOP providing an
equivalent level of safety, or alternatively that an exemption is not necessary for the operation.
Although it does not appear that the FAA has addressed § 91.105 in various Section 333 UAS
exemptions granted to date, we note that § 91.105 is listed in the FAA's Public Guidance
document as a regulation from which an exemption may be required (Rev. 9/25/2014 at page 7).4
Petitioner therefore requests either an exemption or an acknowledgement that an exemption is not
necessary.

         H. 14 CFR 91.109
                  Petitioner seeks relief from 14 CFR 91.109 concerning flight instruction and dual

controls. Petitioner will evaluate the qualifications of its PICs based on their experience and
capabilities with the UAS to be operated, as set out in the FSOP Section I ("Personnel
Qualifications"). Moreover, as each PIC will have previously been qualified by the FAA as a
certificated recreational, sport, or private pilot, the operations proposed herein may be conducted
without an exemption from § 91.109 being required. Thus, Petitioner requests either an exemption
or confirmation that none is required.

4 Available at
    https://www.faa.gov/uas/legislative_programs/section_333/how_to_file_a_petition/media/section333_p
    ublic_guidance.pdf).

                                                          12
         I. 14 CFR 91.119
                  Petitioner seeks relief from 14 CFR 91.119 concerning minimum safe altitudes.

Each UAS will be operated no higher than 400 feet above ground level, and, under the FSOP, safe
alternative landing and "abort site" locations will be selected in advance of each flight, in
compliance with 14 CFR 91.119(a) which permits operations "[a]nywhere."

                  With respect to the balance of § 91.119 concerning minimum altitudes, Petitioner
proposes to conduct operations at least 50 feet from non-essential or non-participating persons,
and prior to each operation the PIC will make a safety assessment of the risk of operating within
the proximity of structures, vehicles and vessels. Petitioner believes that given the size, weight
and speed of the UAS to be operated, these parameters in the FSOP present an equivalent level of
safety compared to the 500 foot minimum safe altitude of a manned aircraft set out in § 91.119(c).

                  Petitioner is aware that in prior UAS exemption grants, the FAA has included as an
operating condition a 500-foot minimum distance separation from uninvolved persons. Petitioner
hereby requests the FAA either to raise the maximum operational altitude under RPSS's proposed
exemption to 500 feet above ground level (from the typical 400 feet), or, preferably, to reduce the
required distance separation from uninvolved persons to no greater than 400 feet, so that
Petitioner's UAS, when in operation, may pass above persons in the operational area. (In
Petitioner's experience, the requested minimum separation parameter of 50 feet provides a very
high level of safety.) In consideration of the benefits of, and strong public interest in, the proposed
operations, which are potentially life-saving, this request ought to be granted, and would not
adversely affect safety.

                                                          13
         J. 14 CFR 91.121
                  Petitioner seeks relief from 14 CFR 91.121 concerning altimeter settings.

Petitioner's UAS will utilize a GPS altitude read-out, set to zero at the ground elevation of the
departure location, thus indicating to the operator the operational altitude in feet above ground
level. This approach will provide an equivalent level of safety.

         K. 14 CFR 91.151
                  Petitioner seeks relief from 14 CFR 91.151 concerning fuel requirements. The

Petitioner's Configuration 1 uses the Spectra UAS airplane equipped with 5.4 Ah lithium polymer
flight batteries. Petitioner's flight duration under its FSOP is 30 minutes or less, which results in
approximately 50% of the battery power remaining at landing. Petitioner's Configuration 2 uses
the DJI Inspire 1 battery-powered multi-rotor-craft which has an automated readout of remaining
battery power at the ground station and will automatically initiate a return to launch and landing
when the battery is low. Petitioner will land the Inspire 1 when the battery is at or above 50%
capacity. In both configurations, an equivalent level of safety is achieved, in particular because
each UAS is operated within visual line of sight, can be landed within moments of a low-battery
condition, and the UAS never has the need to travel any significant distance to an alternate airport
or landing area.

         L. 14 CFR 91.203(a) and (b)
                  Petitioner seeks relief from 14 CFR 91.203(a) and (b) concerning airworthiness

certificates. Each of the UAS to be operated weighs under 6 pounds, and will be operated within
visual line of sight, pursuant to the RPSS FSOP, by a knowledgeable certificated operator. An

                                                          14
exemption from airworthiness certification is warranted pursuant to Section 333 of FMRA in
consideration of the weight, size, speed, and operational capabilities of the Petitioner's UAS.

         M. 14 CFR 91.405(a)
                  14 CFR 91.407 (a) (1)
                  14 CFR 91.409 (a) (2); and
                  14 CPR 91.417 (a) & (b)
                  Petitioner seeks relief from 14 CFR 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(2), and

91.417 (a) and (b), concerning maintenance inspections. Petitioner proposes to maintain each
UAS in accordance with the manufacturer's suggested maintenance procedures, and to conduct
preflight inspections in accordance with the FSOP for each operation. This approach provides an
equivalent level of safety with respect to the operational condition of the UAS. Moreover, the
UAS are not contemplated to have an airworthiness certificate, and therefore no exemption is
needed with respect to maintenance requirements arising from airworthiness certificates.

         N. Other Exemptions
                  Petitioner requests relief from any other federal aviation regulation that the FAA

deems applicable to and preclusive of the proposed UAS search and rescue operations in the
absence of such an exemption.

VIII. Request for Blanket COA
                  Petitioner hereby requests a blanket, nationwide Certificate of Waiver or

Authorization for airspace use within Class G airspace, at or below 400 feet. The need for a
blanket COA for Petitioner's proposed operation (or an exemption from the need to obtain one) is
self-evident. Unlike other pre-planned small UAS operations (such as aerial cinematography,
agriculture, or industrial inspection), search and rescue requires an operational response on little or

                                                          15
no notice, and minutes can literally make a difference between life and death. We understand that
the typical holder of a Section 333 exemption waits approximately three weeks in order to receive
a COA after the request is made, a timeframe that obviously is unworkable for search and rescue
operations.

                  FMRA Section 333 directly contemplates that a certificate of waiver or
authorization is not necessarily required for the operation of civil UAS. It provides that in making
a Section 333 determination concerning operation of unmanned aircraft systems, "the Secretary
shall determine . . . . whether a certificate of waiver, certificate of authorization, or airworthiness
certification under section 44704 of title 49, United States Code, is required for the operation of
unmanned aircraft systems." FMRA Section 333(b) (emphasis added). By using the word
"whether," Congress specifically contemplated that a COA would not necessarily be required for
any civil operation. Therefore, the FAA has the authority to either exempt Petitioner from the
need to obtain a COA, or to issue to Petitioner a standing blanket COA that is suited for the
contemplated search and rescue operations.

                  In the past year, Petitioner's PIC Eugene Robinson has twice had the experience of
seeking an emergency COA from the FAA. Although the FAA's staff was prompt and courteous
each time, the emergency COA took many hours to issue, resulting in the loss of more than an
entire operational day. (UAS flights are conducted during daylight hours only, thus a delay of
even an hour or two can cause the aerial search to be delayed 12 hours until dawn the next day).

                  As an illustration of the difficulties inherent in trying to obtain specific COA
approval for each search and rescue operation on an expedited basis, Petitioner sets out herein the
details of a recent experience involving its PIC Eugene Robinson. In February 2015, Mr.

                                                          16
Robinson was contacted in connection with a requested search for two missing teenagers in the
Baytown, Texas area and the proposition that the UAS operated under COA by the Wimberly Fire
Department be used to assist. Mr. Robinson contacted Dallas Flight Standards District Office at
2130 hrs Central Time on February 26 to request emergency COA approval via an amendment to
the existing Wimberly Fire Department UAS COA. He was referred to FAA Operations Center in
Washington, D.C. The representative at Operations Center, in turn, referred Mr. Robinson to the
FAA UAS Intergration Office (UAIO). The representative at UAIO indicated that Air Traffic
Organization and Flight Standards would need to be contacted for approval. At 2240 hrs Central
Time, Mr. Robinson was told by the UAIO representative that nothing more could be done
concerning approval until the next morning, thus precluding a planned roll-out for an operation at
dawn.

                  At 0715 hrs on February 27, Ft. Worth FSDO contact Mr. Robinson and advised
that documentation would be required from the fire department whose COA would be amended for
the emergency. That documentation was provided to FAA 15 minutes later, at 0730 hrs. Mr.
Robinson did not receive word back from UAIO until 1445 hrs that the emergency COA would be
approved. Mr. Robinson then began the process of initiating a NOTAM, which involved various
discussions with Houston TRACON, which discussions continued into the following morning,
concluding at 0835 hrs.

                  The actual search operation using the UAS commenced at 1025 hrs Central Time on
February 28. Thus, rather than a planned search start time at 0600 hrs on the morning of February
27, the operation was delayed over 28 hours, until mid-morning on February 28, due to the
protracted COA approval process, and even though it was acknowledged by the FAA that the

                                                          17
situation was an emergency. This does not appear to be an atypical timeframe for the process. In a
prior emergency COA approval concerning a missing-persons search conducted in Plano Texas in
September 2014, it similarly took approximately 22 hours for the emergency COA to be issued
after the request was made by Mr. Robinson. Petitioner respectfully submits that a standing COA
granted for search and rescue operations is overwhelmingly in the public interest because it will
enable life-saving operations to commence sooner, and reduce the administrative burden on the
FAA itself.

                  The FAA has recently indicated that holders of UAS exemptions under Section 333
are now granted a "blanket" COA for any operation up to 200 feet AGL. See March 20, 2015
Memorandum from Elizabeth L. Ray to Terry Biggio, "Small Unmanned Aircraft Systems
Operations in the National Airspace System." However, this streamlined (or so-called "blanket")
COA apparently still requires the operator to issue a Notice to Airmen (NOTAM) "at least 24
hours prior to the proposed operation." Id. In many instances Petitioner expects to be called upon
with less than 24 hours' notice. Petitioner requests that its blanket COA issued in connection with
the requested exemption require only that Petitioner issue a NOTAM "as far in advance of
operations as practicable," with no specific minimum notice provision.

                  Additionally, Petitioner's FSOP and equipment are optimized for search and rescue
from an operational altitude of just below 400 feet AGL. The 200 feet AGL in the "blanket" COA
is too low an altitude for these operations. Without a streamlined COA at an altitude higher than
200 feet, Petitioner will be waiting days (or weeks) for a civil COA just to be able to operate at a
modestly higher altitude, rendering the exemption potentially unworkable. Petitioner requests a
streamlined COA for the highest altitude the FAA will permit, ideally 400 feet AGL.

                                                          18
                  An equivalent level of safety is established for these blanket COA parameters

because, currently, operations of this kind are permitted by FAA by recreational model aircraft

operators without any COA or NOTAM requirements. Moreover, Petitioner's operations are

subject to NIMS protocols and coordination with Incident Command and other first responders,

who will be aware of air traffic in the area. Therefore, unlike commercial UAS operations

undertaken for industrial purposes, added layers of safety exist. All of these factors support the

issuance of a streamlined or "blanket" COA for Petitioner RPSearch Services in Class G airspace

up to 400 feet above ground level, or a determination pursuant to FMRA Section 333(b) that a

COA is not required for Petitioner's search and rescue operations.

IX. A Summary That Can Be Published In The Federal Register:

                  The following is a summary that may be included in the Federal Register, should

the FAA determine that publication of such a summary is required:

         Petitioner RPSearch Services, Inc. seeks an exemption pursuant to Pub. L. 95-112 Section
         333 and part 11 for the operation of unmanned aircraft systems for purposes of search and
         rescue. The benefit to the public interest of such an exemption is unquestionable.
         Thousands of people go missing each day, and the subsequent search overwhelms taxpayer
         and community resources. The use of manned aircraft is in many instances more
         expensive, and more dangerous, than the operations proposed herein. Thus, the operations
         are of enormous public benefit.

         Petitioner's operations will be conducted at or below 400 feet above ground level, within
         the visual line of sight of the operator, who will be a certificated airman with a sport,
         recreational or private pilot's certificate, and pursuant to a detailed Flight Safety
         Operations and Procedures manual.

         Petitioner seeks exemption from 14 CFR Part 21, 14 CFR Part 36, 14 CFR 45.23(b), 14
         CFR 61.3, 14 CFR 61.23(a) & (c), 14 CFR 61.101, 14 CFR 61.113 (a) & (b), 14 CFR
         61.315, 14 CFR. 91.7 (a), 14 CFR 91.9 (b) (2), 14 CFR 91.103, 14 CFR 91.105, 14 CFR
         91.109, 14 CFR 91.119, 14 CFR 91.121, 14 CFR 91.151 (a), 14 CFR 91.203 (a) & (b), 14
         CFR 91.405 (a), 14 CFR 91.407 (a) (1), 14 CFR 91.409 (a) (2).; and 14 CPR 91.417 (a) &
         (b).

                                                          19
Dated: April 30, 2015
Respectfully submitted,

Brendan M. Schulman
Kramer Levin Naftalis & Frankel LLP
1177 Avenue of the Americas
New York, NY 10036
Tel. (212) 715-9247
Fax (212) 715-8220
BSchulman@KramerLevin.com
Counsel for Petitioner
Enclosures (filed electronically):
1. Flight Safety Operations and Procedures
2. Spectra technical specifications sheet
3. DJI Inspire 1 User Manual, Safety Guidelines, Maintenance Manual, and Battery

         Safety Information

                                                          20
