September 14, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12842
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA-2015-2091

Mr. Robin Stoz
RRS Aerial Media, LLC
14134 Coquina Bay Avenue
Corpus Christi, TX 78418

Dear Mr. Stoz:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter posted to the public docket on June 4, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation
Administration (FAA) on behalf of RRS Aerial Media, LLC (hereinafter petitioner or
operator) for an exemption. The petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system
(UAS) to conduct flight training, news services, real estate photography and videography,
construction, waterway, land planning, agriculture, and education photography, oil and gas
industry infrastructure inspection and demonstration flights.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner are a DJI 550 Flame Wheel, DJI S1000+, 3DRobotics
Iris+, 3DRobotics X8+, 3DRobotics, X8-M, 3DRobotics Aero-M, and PrecisionHawk.
                                                                                                                 2

In accordance with the statutory criteria provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in
reference to 49 U.S.C.  44704, and in consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited
operating area associated with the aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation
has determined that this aircraft meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA
finds that relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts,
Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing
requirements of part 36, is not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, RRS Aerial Media, LLC is granted an exemption from
14 CFR ㎣ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c),
91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to
the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                             3

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, RRS Aerial Media, LLC is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI 550 Flame
    Wheel, DJI S1000+, 3DRobotics Iris+, 3DRobotics X8+, 3DRobotics, X8-M,
    3DRobotics Aero-M, and PrecisionHawk when weighing less than 55 pounds
    including payload. Proposed operations of any other aircraft will require a new
    petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
    not permitted.

3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
    exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
    compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
    airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
    aircraft manufacturer.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.

    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
    electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
    must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
    required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
                                                                                                            4

    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR  61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.
                                                                                                            5

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR  61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR  91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR  1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.
                                                                                                            6

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR ㎣ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

    The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
    nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
    reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
    contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.
                                                                                                                 7

 If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
 television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                                                 8

This exemption terminates on September 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,
/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
U.S. Department of Transportation
Docket Management System
1200 New Jersey Ave., SE
Washington, DC 20590

Petition ofRRS Aerial Media, LLC for Exemption Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA
Modernization and Refonn Act of2012.

To Whom It May Concern:

Pursuant to Section333 of the FAA Modernization and Reforn1 Act of2012 and 14 CFR Part 11,
RRS Aerial Media, LLC, hereby applies for an exemption from Federal Aviation Regulations
(FARs) identified below, to allow commercial operations of small umnanned aerial system (i.e.,
sUAS).

This exemption is in accordance with protocols outlined in this petition for exemption, the
enclosed the UAS manufacturer's operations and/or instructions manual, UAS User's Manuals,
UAS Quick Start Guides, and any other requirements established by the FAA pursuant to Section
333 of the Refonn Act.

This exemption would pennit commercial operation by RRS Aerial Media, LLC, which uses all
versions ofDJI 550 Flame Wheel, DJI S1000+, 3DRobotics Iris+, 3DRobotics X8+, 3DRobotics
X8-M, 3DRobotics Aero-M, and PrecisionHawk to conduct sUAS flight training, support to
news services, real estate photography and videography, construction, waterway and land
planning and use photography, agriculture, education, oil and gas industry infrastructure
inspection and demonstration flights.

RRS Aerial Media, LLC's operation under the exemption will be subject to strict operating
requirements and conditions to ensure an equivalent level of safety to currently authorized
operations using manned aircraft and under conditions as may be modified by the FAA as
required by Section 333.2

RRS Aerial Media, LLC will be operated under controlled VFR conditions at low altitude in
airspace that is pennitted in accordance with RRS Aerial Media, LLC's approved Certificate of
Authorization (COA). They will operate the sUAS's with pilots who are current and qualified
with a FAA Pilot Certificate and only after completing RRS Aerial Media, LLC's training
program. Finally, when operating within controlled airspace, the controlling FAA ATC will
approve the airspace in which the sUAS will operate in advance.

RRS Aerial Media, LLC respectfully submits this request for an exemption because it operates
sUAS's. The operations ofRRS Aerial Media, LLC will be conducting will be in lieu of
comparatively hazardous operations now conducted with fixed wing and rotary conventional
aircraft. The FAA can have confidence that the operations will be conducted at an equivalent
level or greater level of safety. Approval of this exemption would thereby enhance safety and
fulfill the Secretary ofTransportation's (the FAA Administrator's) responsibilities under Section
333(c) of the Refonn Act to "establish requirements for the safe operation of such aircraft
systems in the national airspace system."

For your convenience, RRS Aerial Media, LLC has organized this Exemption request as follows:

         I. Petitioner's Description

         II. Relevant Statutory Authority

         III. Qualifications for Approval Under Section 333 of the Reform Act

         IV. Description of Proposed Operations

         V. Regulations From Which Exemption is Requested

         VI. Public Interest

         VII. Privacy

         VIII. Federal Registry Summary

         IX. Conclusion

I. Petitioner's Description

RRS Aerial Media, LLC., headquartered in Corpus Christi, Texas, is a company that provides
sUAS flight training, support to news services, real estate photography and videography,
construction, waterway and land planning and use photography, agriculture, education, oil and
gas industry infrastructure inspection and demonstration flights in a compliant and safe
environment. RRS Aerial Media, LLC plans on providing a wide range of services as the sUAS
market expands.

The management at RRS Aerial Media, LLC has over 50 years of experience in aviation and
over 7 years combined experience operating sUAS/UAS's. All RRS Aerial Media, LLC pilots
hold CPL or ATP certificates in fixed-wing or rotary-wing.

The contact infonnation for Petitioner is as follows:

RRS Aerial Media, LLC.
14134 Coquina Bay Ave
Corpus Christi, TX 78418

II. Relevant Statutory Authority

This petition for exemption is submitted to fulfill Congress' goal in passing Section 333(a)
through (c) ofthe Reform Act. Congress has directed the FAA "to safely accelerate the
integration of civil unmanned aircraft systems into the national airspace system." Pursuant to
Section 333 of the Refonn Act, the FAA Administrator is to consider whether certain unmanned
aircraft systems may operate safely in the National Airspace ("NAS") before completion of the
fom1al UAS rulemaking, based on the following considerations:

          The UAS's size, weight, speed, and operational capability;

          Operation of the UAS in close proximity to airports and populated areas; and

          Operation ofthe UAS within the visual line of sight ofthe operator.

If the Secretary detennines that such vehicles "may operate safely in the National Airspace
System, the Secretary shall establish requirements for the safe operation of such aircraft in the
National Airspace System".

Additionally, the FAA Administrator has general authority to grant exemptions from its safety
regulations and minimum standards when the Administrator decides a requested exemption is in
the public interest. A party requesting an exemption must explain the reasons why the
exemption: (1) would benefit the public as a whole, and (2) would not adversely affect safety (or
how it would provide a level of safety at least equal to the existing rules).

The Federal Aviation Act expressly grants the FAA the authority to issue exemptions. This
statutory authority, by its tem1s, includes exempting civil aircraft, as the term is defined under
40101 of the Act, from the requirement that all civil aircraft must have a current airworthiness
certificate and those regulations requiring commercial pilots to operate aircraft in commercial
service:

         The Administrator may grant an exemption from a requirement of a regulation
         prescribed under subsection (a) or (b) of this section or any of sections.

III. Qualifications for Approval Under Section 333 of the Reform Act

The proposed operations in this petition for exemption qualify for expedited approval under
Section 333 of the Refonn Act. Each of the statutory criteria and other relevant factors are
satisfied.

The proposed operations would pennit RRS Aerial Media, LLC the use of smallUAS under
controlled conditions in airspace that is: (1) predetermined; (2) controlled as to access; and that
(3) provides an increased level of safety beyond that existing when fixed or rotor wing aircraft
are used to accomplish the same purpose.

RRS Aerial Media, LLC uses UASs that are multirotor and fixed wing airplanes, weighing less
than 55 pounds including payload. They operate, under normal conditions, at speeds not to
exceed 50 mph. The multirotor has the capability to hover and move in the vertical and
horizontal plane. RRS Aerial Media, LLC's UASs will operate in line of sight, during daylight
hours, and will only operate within a sterile area. RRS Aerial Media, LLC will operate at or
below 400 feet AGL and will file a NOTAM for each flight operated in controlled airspace that
is required. All required permissions and pennits would be obtained from territorial, state, county
or city jurisdictions, including local law enforcement, fire, or other appropriate governmental
agencies prior to operating a sUAS.

Given the small size of the sUAS's involved and the restricted sterile enviromnent within which
they will operate, this RRS Aerial Media, LLC's exemption falls within the zone of safety and
demonstrate an equivalent level of safety, in which Congress desired the FAA to pennit
commercial UAS operations by exemption pending completion of formal rulemaking. Also, due
to the size ofthe sUAS's and the confined area in which these UAS's will operate, approval of
the application presents no hazard in the NAS.

Considering the clear direction in Section 333 of the Reform Act, the authority contained in the
Federal Aviation Act, as amended, the equivalent level of safety surrounding the proposed
operations, and the significant public benefit, the grant of the requested exemptions is also in the
public interest.

IV. Description of Proposed Operations

To assist the FAA in its safety assessment ofRRS Aerial Media, LLC's proposed sUAS
operations, below is a summary of operational limitations and conditions that will ensure an
equivalent or higher level of safety to operations conducted under current regulatory guidelines:

         1. The sUAS will weigh less than 55 pounds.

         2. Flights will be operated within line of sight of the PIC and/or visual observer.

         3. Maximum total flight time for each operational flight will be limited to the amount of
         time the sUAS can be flown and still maintain a reserve battery power or fuel quantity of
         no less than 25%.

         4. Flights will be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet AGL.

         5. Flights will be operated at a lateral distance of least 100 feet from any inhabited
         structures, buildings, vehicles, vessels, people not associated with the operation or who
         have not signed a waiver in advance of the operation.

         6. Minimum crew for each operation will consist of the sUAS Pilot in Command and a
         Visual Observer when operating with the use of FPV equipment. Additional
         crewmembers may consist of a Pilot and a Camera Operator.

         7. The sUAS Pilot in C01mnand will be an FAA licensed airman with at least a private
         pilot's certificate, second class medical, and a current check required by14 CPR Part
         61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

         8. RRS Aerial Media, LLC will designate a Pilot in Command ("PIC") for each mission.
9. The sUAS will operate only within a confined sterile area.

10. Prior to the operations at a particular location, a site inspection will have been
conducted. On the day of the mission the management person with operational control
and the PIC will concur on dispatching of the mission.

11. A briefing will be conducted in regard to the planned sUAS operations prior to each
day's missions. It will be mandatory that all personnel who will be perfmming duties
within the boundaries of the sterile area be present for this briefing.

12. RRS Aerial Media, LLC crew will use the checklist and callouts.

13. All sUAS's will be maintained in compliance with the manufacturer's and Company
guidelines.

14. In the event of an accident involving an RRS Aerial Media, LLC sUAS, the PIC will
cease operations and report the accident to the NTSB and AFS-80.

15. Pilot in Command and Visual Observer will at all times be able to communicate by
vmce.

16. Pilot in Command, Pilot, Camera Operator, Visual Observer, and Operational
Personnel will have been trained and tested in accordance toRRS Aerial Media, LLC's
UAS Aircraft Training Manual.

17. All required permissions and pennits will be obtained from territorial, state, county or
city jurisdictions, including local law enforcement, fire or other appropriate govermnental
agencies.

18. In compliance with the approved Waiver, RRS Aerial Media, LLC management will
submit a written "Plan of Activities" to the local Flight Standards District Office (FSDO)
having jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming three days in advanced of
operations during film or movie productions.

19. If the sUAS loses communications signal, the sUAS will have the capability to return
to a pre-determined location within the Sterile Area and land.

20. Contingency plans will be in place to safely tenninate flight if there is a loss of
communication between the pilot and the observer.

21. The sUAS has the capability to abort a flight in case ofunpredicted obstacles or
emergencies.

22. RRS Aerial Media, LLC, will assure no individuals' privacy is violated.
         23. ATC will be contacted prior to operating in airspace other than G.

V. Regulations From Which Exemption is Requested

         A. 14 CFR  91.103: Preflight Action

         B. 14 CFR  91.113: Right-of-Way Rules

         C. 14 CFR  91.119 (c): Minimum Safe Altitudes

         D. 14 CFR  91.121: Altimeter Settings

         E. 14 CFR  91.151 (b): Fuel Requirements for Flight in VFR Conditions

         F. 14 CFR  91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(2); 91.417(a) and (b): Maintenance
                   Inspections

A. 14 CFR  91.103: Preflight Action

RRS Aerial Media, LLC requests an exemption from the preflight actions requirements of 14
CFR 91.113 that prescribes the preflight actions under which aircraft may operate:

Each pilot in command shall, before beginning a flight, become familiar with all available
information concerning that flight.

         (a) Flight under IFR or a flight not in the vicinity of an airport, weather reports and
         forecasts, fuel requirements, alternatives available if the planned flight cannot be
         completed, and any known traffic delays of which the pilot in command has been advised
         byATC;

         (b) For any flight, nmway lengths at airports of intended use, and the following takeoff
         and landing distance infonnation:

                   (1) For civil aircraft for which an approved Airplane or Rotorcraft Flight Manual
                   containing takeoff and landing distance data is required, the takeoff and landing
                   distance data contained therein; and

                   (2) For civil aircraft other than those specified in paragraph (b)(1) ofthis section,
                   other reliable infonnation appropriate to the aircraft, relating to aircraft
                   perfonnance under expected values of airport elevation and nmway slope, aircraft
                   gross weight, and wind and temperature.

RRS Aerial Media, LLC will not operate sUAS's under IFR conditions or when the ceilings are
below 1000 feet and the visibility is below 3 statute miles. Neither DJI, PrecisionHawk nor 3DR
sUAS 'shave published approved Airplane or Rotorcraft Flight Manual containing takeoff and
landing distance data.

Equivalent Level of Safety

RRS Aerial Media, LLC will to ensure that the weather will be adequate to complete the mission
in VFR condition. Since RRS Aerial Media, LLC operates in traditionally density altitude area,
never usually above 2000 feet MSL, UAS perfonnance is not affected. When RRS Aerial Media,
LLC operates at a high altitude location, the UAS will be test flown at gross weight to test
perfonnance limitations prior to conducting commercial operations.

B. 14 CFR 91.113: Right-of-Way Rules

RRS Aerial Media, LLC request an exemption from 14 CFR 91.113 Right-of-way rules,
requiring vigilance by each person operating an aircraft so as to see and avoid other aircraft.
When a rule of this section gives another aircraft the right-of-way, the pilot shall give way to that
aircraft and may not pass over, under, or ahead of it unless well clear.

RRS Aerial Media, LLC operates small pilotless UAS's and crumot comply with these rules as
they have been written.

Equivalent Level of Safety

RRS Aerial Media, LLC operates sUAS's at or below an altitude of 400 feet AGL, well below
the normal operating altitude of other aircraft. An RRS Aerial Media, LLC PIC with extensive
aeronautical experience will oversee each mission and has knowledge of the avoid rules. A
Visual Observer will assist the PIC in looking for aircraft entering the operations area. It's the
responsibility of the PIC to cease operations and land the UAS immediately whenever and
aircraft comes into the vicinity creating a potential threat. Operations cannot recommence until
the threat is clear.

C. 14 CFR.  91.119: Minimum Safe Altitudes

RRS Aerial Media, LLC requests an exemption from the minimum safe altitude requirements of
14 CFR 91.119 that prescribes the minimum safe altitudes under which aircraft may operate:

          Over any congested area of a city, town, or settlement, or over any open air
                   assembly of persons, an altitude of 1,000 feet above the highest obstacle within a
                   horizontal radius of2,000 feet of the aircraft.

           Over other than congested areas at an altitude of 500 feet above the surface,
                   except over open water or sparsely populated areas. In those cases, the aircraft
                   may not be operated closer than 500 feet to any person, vessel, vehicle, or
                   structure.
Section 91.119 (d) allows for a helicopter to operate at less than those minimum altitudes when it
can be operated "without hazard to persons or property on the surface," provided that "each
person operating the helicopter complies with any routes or altitudes specifically prescribed for
helicopters by the FAA."

To provide the intended operations, the sUAS is nonnally operated below 400 feet AGL.
Additionally, due to the nature of the proposed operations, the sUAS will maintain a lateral
distance of at least 100 feet from inhabited structures, buildings, vehicles, and vessels, and from
people not associated with the operation.

Equivalent Level of Safety

Compared to flight normal aircraft, RRS Aerial Media, LLC's multi-rotor aircraft weigh a
maximum of 25 pounds, and given the lack of flammable fuel, any risk associated with these
operations is far less than those that presently exist with conventional aircraft. An equivalent
level of safety will be achieved given the size, weight, and speed ofthe UAS, as well as the
location where it is operated. The sUAS will be operated in a sterile area, where buildings and
people will not be exposed to operations without their pre-obtained consent. Because of the
advance notice to the property owners and participants, all affected individuals will be well
aware of the planned flight operations.

Furthermore, by operating at such lower altitudes, the sUAS will not interfere with aircraft that
are subject to the minimum safe altitude regulations. Finally, the successful safety record of the
DJI and 3DR sUAS's demonstrates that the sUAS can be safely used at these lower altitudes and
closer operating environments.

D. 14 C.F.R.  91.121: Altimeter Settings

RRS Aerial Media, LLC seeks an exemption from 14 CFR 91.121, which requires a person
operating an aircraft to maintain cruising altitude or flight level by reference to an altimeter that
is set to the elevation of the departure airport or barometric pressure. An exemption is required
because some of the sUAS aircraft do not have a barometric altimeter, but rather a GPS altitude
read out.

Equivalent Level of Safety

An equivalent level of safety will be achieved in that RRS Aerial Media, LLC will confinn the
altitude of the launch site shown on the GPS altitude indicator before flight. Moreover, the PIC
will use the GPS altitude indicator to constantly monitor the sUAS's height, thus ensuring
operation at safe altitudes.

E. 14 CFR 91.151(a): Fuel Requirements for Flight in VFR Conditions

RRS Aerial Media, LLC requests an exemption from 14 CFR  91.151(a)'s fuel requirements for
flight in VFR conditions. Section 91.151 states:
         (a) No person may begin a flight in an airplane under VPR conditions unless
                   (considering wind and forecast weather conditions) there is enough fuel to fly to
                   the first point of intended landing, and assuming normal cmising speed -

                   (1) During the day, to fly after that for at least 25 minutes; or

                   (2) At night, to fly after that for at least 45 minutes.

The batteries powering RRS Aerial Media, LLC's UAS's provide approximately 10-18 minutes
of powered flight. To meet the 30 minutes reserve requirement in 14 CPR 91.151, sUAS flights
could not be conducted. Given the limitations on the sUAS's proposed flight area and the
location of its proposed operations within a predetennined area, a safety margin based on a
reserve amount of battery life is needed.

RRS Aerial Media, LLC will not be conducting any sUAS flights at night.

Equivalent Level of Safety

An equivalent level of safety will be achieved because the operations will be conducted on-site
without significant transit time by the sUAS. All flights will be planned to tenninate with no less
than 25% reserve battery power still available. This restriction would be more than adequate to
return the sUAS safely to its planned landing zone from anywhere in its confined area of
operation even in the event of an unexpected occutTence. Operation of the sUAS with less than
30 minutes ofreserve fuel does not include the type ofrisks that Section 91.151(a) was intended
to alleviate given the size and speed of the small UAS, and the proximity of the flight operation
to the landing zone. Moreover, operation will be limited to controlled areas where only people
and property owners, or official representatives who have signed waivers will be allowed.

F. 14 CFR  91.405(a), 91.407(a)(l), 91.409(a)(2); 91.417(a) and (b): Maintenance
Inspections

RRS Aerial Media, LLC also seeks an exemption from the maintenance inspection requirements
contained in 14 CPR 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(2), 91.417(a) and (b). These regulations
specify maintenance and inspection standards in reference to 14 CPR Part 43. 14 CPR 91.405(a)
(stating that each owner or operator of an aircraft "shall have the aircraft inspected as prescribed
in subpart E of this part and shall between required inspections ...have discrepancies repaired as
prescribed in part 43 of this chapter"). An exemption to these regulations is needed because Part
43 and these sections only apply to aircraft with an airworthiness certificate, which the sUAS
will not have.

Equivalent Level of Safety

An equivalent level of safety will be achieved because maintenance and inspections will be
perfonned in accordance with DJI, PrecisionHawk and 3DR User's Manuals. The operator will
ensure that the sUAS is in working order prior to initiating flight, perfom1 required maintenance,
and keep a log of any maintenance perfonned. The operator is the person most familiar with the
aircraft and best suited to maintain the aircraft in an airworthy condition to provide the
equivalent level of safety.

If mechanical issues arise, the sUAS's size and carrying capacity, and the fact that flight
operations will only take place in restricted areas for limited periods of time during daylight
hours, creates less risk than that associated with conventional rotorcraft performing the same
operation.

VI. PUBLIC INTEREST

Granting RRS Aerial Media, LLC. an exemption furthers the public interest. National policy set
by Congress favors early integration ofUAS into the national airspace in controlled, safe
working environments such as those propose in this petition. The one vision of RRS Aerial
Media, LLC is to help facilitate safe integration ofsUAS's into mainstream USA in the
following areas:

          Training

         To ensure that UAS Operators are properly trained and certified to safely operate they're
         particular type of sUAS aircraft. Also, training will be conducted in the type of operations
         they will be using their aircraft.

           Real Estate

         The sUAS can be used in all areas of real estate, including commercial, residential and
         industrial properties. Using a sUAS, real estate professionals can create promotional
         videos, photos and unique shots that nonnal camera aspects cannot capture. RRS Aerial
         Media, LLC's easy-to-use video and photo platfonn enables properties to stand out,
         providing dazzling views that are typically shown via expensive computer animation or
         costly helicopter rentals. Imagine shooting a view from a high-rise condo in stunning
         high definition that shows your potential customer the actual view from the residence.
         The remote platform is great for new plam1ing, zoning and large developments. Simple
         and easy-to-use video and photos allow for multiple height pictures and elevation views.

           Cinematography

         Whether the shot requires unique views and expansive pmming or extreme altitude with
          radical views, the UAS is designed to hold up under demanding conditions. Because of
         the autopilot feature with pre-designed mission management and RIC control interrupt,
         the pilot and camera operator can easily create the ultimate shot with HD video or HD
          still photos.

           News Gathering

          Similar to movies and videography, each news assignment may require a completely
          different shot or view of a scene. With budgets for traditional helicopter use being greatly
         reduced, the UAS is the perfect solution to allow for easy news gathering for a fraction of
         the cost. The sUAS can and will be operated in a sterile area away from the public, while
         the traditional helicopter must hover over persons and property increasing the danger to
         individuals.

          Agriculture and Conservation

         RRS Aerial Media, LLC would introduce and demonstrate to fanners of all types that the
         sUAS can aid cmmnercial agriculture, land management and conservation efforts by
         assessing crops, mapping flood zones, measuring snow pack and more. The sUAS can fly
         pre-saved missions via the fully automated ground station, which allows for time-lapse
         photos of fields, crops and known land tracts. It also can accurately recreate the same
         pattern during all seasons, providing invaluable data for land and soil management.
         Using HD video, HD photos, and IR cameras allows for detailed analysis and recording.
         With photo rendering software, 3D maps and topography can be used in conjunction with
         time-lapse photos to create highly detailed maps for erosion, flood mapping and other
         critical aspects of land management.

          Oil and Gas Industry Infrastructure Inspection

         RRS Aerial Media, LLC will use HD video, HD photos, and IR cameras to inspect
         critical oil and gas infrastructures allowing detailed analysis prior to scheduled
         maintenance. This analysis will enable repair crews to minimize down-time which in turn
         greatly improve production efficiency.

VII. Privacy

RRS Aerial Media, LLC is committed to protecting the public privacy. RRS Aerial Media, LLC
knows that many individual have concerns about privacy from the operations of sUAS 's. RRS
Aerial Media, LLC will inform residents, commercial property owners, churches, schools, and
governmental organizations of our intent to conduct commercial drone operations in proximity to
their property.

VIII. Federal Registry Summary

Pursuant to 14 CPR Part 11, the following summary is provided for publication in the Federal
Register, should it be detennined that publication is needed:

RRS Aerial Media, LLC. seeks an exemption from the following rules:

14 CPR 91.103; 14 CPR 91.113; 14 CPR 91.119; 14 CPR 91.121; 14 CPR 91.151(a); 14 CPR
91.405(a); 14 CPR 91.407(a)(1); 14 CPR; 91.409(a)(2); 14 CPR 91.417 (a) & (b).

Approval of this exemption request allows RRS Aerial Media, LLC to conduct commercial
operations with small and lightweight unmanned aerial systems. RRS Aerial Media, LLC is
 committed safety, education, and solutions, which enhance safety of sUAS operations in the
 NAS while reducing risk to the general public and property owners.

 RRS Aerial Media, LLC uses sUAS, weighing less than 55 pounds and powered by batteries and
 small amounts of fuel. This eliminates virtually all of that risk given the reduced mass and lack
 oflarge amounts of combustible fuel carried on board as compared manned aircraft. The sUAS is
 transported to the designated mission area and set up there. The sUAS will carry no passengers
 or crew and, therefore, will not expose them to the risks associated with manned aircraft flights.

 The operation of this small UAS will provide an equivalent level of safety, supporting the grant
 of the exemptions requested herein, including exempting the applicant from the requirements of
 several regulations and allowing commercial operations. These lightweight sUAS's operate at
 slow speeds, close to the ground, and in a sterile environment. As a result, they are far safer than
 conventional aerial survey and inspection operations conducted with fixed wing aircraft or
 helicopters.

 If additional information is required, or if you have any questions regarding this Petition for
 Exemption, please contact the undersigned at:

 Very Respectfully,

.--&/#{

-f=stotz
 President
 RRS Aerial Media, LLC
 Cell Phone: 361.215.6213
 Robin. Stotz@RRSAerialMedia.com
