October 1, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 13050
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA-2015-2786

Mr. Bruce Rowley
CEO/Principal
RSA Marketing
400 South Commerce
Wichita, KA 67202

Dear Mr. Rowley:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated June 12, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of RSA Marketing (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption. The petitioner
requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct aerial video and
photography for commercial filming.

See the docket, at www.regulations.gov, for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the
proposed operations and the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner are the DJI Phantom 3 Professional and DJI Inspire 1.

In accordance with the statutory criteria provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in
reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited
operating area associated with the aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation
                                                                                                                 2

has determined that this aircraft meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA
finds that relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts,
Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing
requirements of part 36, is not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, RSA Marketing is granted an exemption from 14 CFR
§§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121,
91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to the
extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, RSA Marketing is hereafter referred to as the operator.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                                                 3

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom 3
         Professional and DJI Inspire 1 when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload.
         Proposed operations of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to
         amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
         must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
         documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
         Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
         limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
         the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
         Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
         documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
                                                                                                            4

    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
                                                                                                            5

    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least 5 minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the enclosed COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.
                                                                                                               6

   23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
       any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
       PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
       These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
       official upon request.

   24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
       activities at all times.

   25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

   26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
       persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
          a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
             from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
             that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
             where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
             the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
             of nonparticipating persons; and
          b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
             for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
             the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
             present an undue hazard.

       The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
       nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

   27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
       permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
       Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
       obtained for each flight to be conducted.

   28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
       boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
       to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
       reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
       contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

   29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
       as documented in this grant of exemption.
                                                                                                                 7

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.

This exemption terminates on October 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
1

UNITED STATES OF AMERICA DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION FEDERAL
                     AVIATION ADMINISTRATION WASHINGTON, D.C.

IN THE MATTER OF THE PETITION FOR EXEMPTION OF: RSA MARKETING
   FOR AN EXEMPTION SEEKING RELIEF FROM THE REQUIREMENTS OF
                TITLE 14 OF THE CODE OF FEDERAL REGULATIONS
     SECTIONS 61.113(a) & (b), 91.7(a), 91.121, 91.151(b), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1),
      91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), AND 91.417(a) & (b) CONCERNING COMMERCIAL
     OPERATION OF DJI PHANTOM 3 PROFESSIONAL AND DJI INSPIRE 1
                              UNMANNED AIRCRAFT SYSTEMS
                                PURSUANT TO SECTION 333 OF
    THE FAA MODERNIZATION AND REFORM ACT OF 2012 (PUBLIC LAW
                                                   112-95)

Submitted on June 12,2015

RSA Marketing
400 S Commerce
Wichita, KS 67202
Tel: (316) 977-9600

                           ._,..:·
2

                    TABLE OF CONTENTS

                                                             Page

GLOSSARY OF ABBREVIATIONS                                    3

SUMMARY                                                      4

INTRODUCTION AND INTERESTS OF PETITIONER                     4

BACKGROUND                                                   4

BASIS FOR PETITION                                           5

NAME AND ADDRESS OF PETITIONER                               6

THE SPECIFIC SECTIONS OF 14 C.F.R. FROM WHICH RSA MARKETING  7
SEEKS EXEMPTION

THE EXTENT OF RELIEF RSA MARKETING SEEKS AND THE REASON      10
RSA MARKETING SEEKS THE RELIEF

THE REASONS WHY GRANTING RSA MARKETINGS' REQUEST WOULD       13
BE IN THE PUBLIC INTEREST

THE REASONS WHY GRANTING THE EXEMPTION WOULD NOT             15
ADVERSELY AFFECT SAFETY

SUMMARY THAT CAN BE PUBLISHED IN THE FEDERAL REGISTER        26

ANY ADDITIONAL INFORMATION, VIEWS, OR ARGUMENTS AVAILABLE    26
TO SUPPORT RSA MARKETING'S REQUEST

CONCLUSION                                                   28
APPENDICES                                                   29
3

GLOSSARY OF ABBREVIATIONS

AGL          Above Ground Level
AOI          Area of Interest
ATC          Air Traffic Control
ATO          Air Traffic Organization
AV           Aerial Vehicle
CFR          Code ofFederal Regulations
COA          Certificate of Authorization
FAA          Federal Aviation Administration
FAR          Federal Aviation Regulation
GCS          Ground Control Station
GPS          Global Positioning System
LOL          Loss of Link
NAS          National Airspace System
NOTAM        Notice to Airman
PIC          Pilot In Command
Section 333  FAA Modernization and Reform Act of2012 (FMRA)
             Safety Observer
so           Standard Operating Procedures
             Unmanned Aircraft
SOP           Unmanned Aircraft System
UA           Visual Flight Rules
UAS          Visual Line of Site
VFR          Visual Meteorological Conditions
VLOS         Vertical Takeoff and Landing
VMC
VTOL
4

                                                 SUMMARY

               RSA Marketing seeks exemption from the requirements of 14 C.F.R
§§ 61.113(a) & (b), 91.7(a), 91.121, 91.151(b), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(l), 91.409(a)(1) &
(a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b), to operate an Unmanned Aircraft System (UAS) pursuant to
Section 333 ofthe FAA Modernization and Reform Act of2012 (FMRA). This exemption
will permit RSA Marketing to operate a UAS for the commercial purpose of conducting
aerial video and photography for commercial filming over certain areas of the United States.

                INTRODUCTION AND INTERESTS OF THE PETITIONER

               RSA Marketing provides its clients with expertise and knowledge in
advanced technologies and solutions to increase efficiency, productivity and effectiveness.
RSA Marketing also provides its clients with the highest quality digital content for use in
their commercial, personal, and non-profit multimedia projects. RSA Marketing has five
years of professional experience in commercial videography and photography for
promotions, commercials, long-form corporate and product videos, promotion of both
private and community events, and is recognized as an expert in this field. RSA Marketing
has more than two years of recreational/hobby experience in all aspects of aerial video and
photography. The objective ofRSA Marketing's aerial video and photography operations is
to provide high-quality imaging for clients ranging from health care to manufacturing, retail,
law and industrial, specifically targeting:

    Increase direct employment related to commercial video production in Wichita, KS. RSA

Marketing plans to add up to three (3) additional full-time staff over the next 12 months

related to the operation of the UAS.

· Achieve high-quality, locally accessible and cost-efficient marketing communications

effective in the growth of local businesses and their local employment.

   Improve the ability of the local video production industry to compete nationally.

   Increase public knowledge ofUAS and promote safe UAS operations.

                                               BACKGROUND

         Unmanned Aircraft Systems: DJI Phantom 3 ProfessionaL DJI Inspire 1 UASs

RSA Marketing seeks an exemption to operate DJI systems for compensation or hire within
the National Airspace System (NAS). The DJI Phantom 3 Professional and DJI Inspire 1 are
vertical takeoff and landing (VTOL) Unmanned Aircraft (UA) with a Ground Control
5

Station (GCS) utilizing electronic tablet or smart phone systems. The DJI Phantom 3
Professional has a maximum gross weight of approximately 2 pounds 8 ounces, while
having a diagonal length of 23 inches, height of 8 inches, and a maximum speed of
approximately 31 knots. The DJI Inspire 1 has a maximum gross weight of 6 pounds 7.5
ounces, a length of 17.3 inches, width of 17.7 inches, height of 11.8 inches, and a maximum
speed of approximately 42 knots. The DJI Phantom 3 Professional and DJI Inspire 1 UAs
are equipped with four main Lithium Polymer battery powered electric motors. The DJI
Phantom 3 Professional and DJI Inspire 1 UAs that will be operated by RSA Marketing will
be registered in accordance with 49 U.S.C. 44103, Registration ofAircraft, as well as 14
C.F.R Part 47, Aircraft Registration, and marked in accordance with 14 C.F.R. Part 45,
Identification and Registration Marking.

                                         BASIS FOR PETITION

Petitioner, RSA Marketing, pursuant to the provisions ofthe Federal Aviation Regulations
(FAR) (14 C.F.R. § 11.61) and the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of2012 (FMRA),
Section 333, Special Rules for Certain Unmanned Aircraft Systems, hereby petitions the
Administrator to commercially operate the DJI Phantom 3 Professional Vision+, DJI Inspire
1 UASs in the National Airspace System (NAS), and for an exemption from the
requirements of 14 C.F.R §§ 61.113(a) & (b), 91.7(a), 91.121, 91.151(b), 91.405(a),
91.407(a)(l), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b). In consideration ofthe speed,
weight, size, and limited operating area associated with the unmanned aircraft and its
operation, RSA Marketing's operation ofDJI Phantom 3 Professional and DJI Inspire 1
UASs meets the conditions of FMRA Section 333 and therefore, will not require an
airworthiness certificate in accordance with 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H. Accordingly,
RSA Marketing requests relief from Sections 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(l), 91.409(a)(l) & (a)(2),
and 91.417(a) & (b), as these sections set forth requirements for maintenance that only apply
to aircraft with an airworthiness certificate. RSA Marketing submits that the requested relief
is proper since an equivalent level of safety will be ensured. RSA Marketing will use
experienced personnel or technicians to perform maintenance, alterations, or preventive
maintenance on the UASs using the methods, techniques, and practices prescribed in the
operating documents (i.e. Monthly Maintenance Log, and DJI Phantom 3 Professional and
DJI Inspire 1 Instruction Manual). Furthermore, RSA Marketing will document and maintain
all maintenance records for the DJI Phantom 3 Professional and DJI Inspire 1 UASs.

Relief from certain requirements of Section 61.113(a) and (b), entitled Private pilot
privileges and limitations: Pilot in command, is requested by RSA Marketing to the extent
necessary to allow a Pilot in Command (PIC) holding a private pilot or higher level
certificate, as well as an airman medical certificate, and who has demonstrated, by meeting
minimum flight-hour and currency requirements, that the PIC is able to safely operate the
DJI Phantom 3 Professional and DJI Inspire 1 UASs in a manner consistent with this
exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers, as well as maintaining appropriate
distances from people, vessels, vehicles, and structures.
6

RSA Marketing seeks relief from Section 91.7(a), entitled Civil aircraft airworthiness,
because the DJI Phantom 3 Professional and DJI Inspire 1 UASs do not require an
airworthiness certificate in accordance with 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H. As such, RSA
Marketing submits that it will ensure that the DJI Phantom 3 Professional and DJI Inspire 1
UASs are in an airworthy condition, prior to every flight, by determining that the UASs are
in compliance with the operating documents (i.e. Monthly Maintenance Log, and DJI
Phantom 3 Professional and DJI Inspire 1 Instruction Manual), and that the aircraft are in a
condition for safe flight.

RSA Marketing also seeks an exemption from the requirements of Section 91.121, entitled
Altimeter Settings, as the DJI Phantom 3 Professional and DJI Inspire 1 UAs will not have a
typical barometric altimeter onboard. However, altitude information of the DJI Phantom 3
Professional and DJI Inspire 1 UAs will be provided to the PIC via Global Positioning
System (GPS) equipment and radio communications telemetry data link, which downlinks
from the UA to the GCS for active monitoring of the flight path. This altitude information,
combined with RSA Marketing's operation of the DJI Phantom 3 Professional and DJI
Inspire 1 UASs within Visual Line of Sight (VLOS), at or below 500 feet Above Ground
Level (AGL), will ensure a level of safety equivalent to Section 91.121.

Additionally, RSA Marketing seeks an exemption from the requirements of Section
91.151(b), entitled Fuel requirements for flight in T-'FR conditions. RSA Marketing submits
that safety will not be affected by operation of the DJI Phantom 3 Professional and DJI
_Inspire 1 UAs during daylight hours in visual meteorological conditions (VMC) under
visual flight rules (VFR), with enough battery power to fly for a total duration of
approximately 13.5 minutes to the first point of intended landing and, assuming normal
cruising speed, to fly after that for at least 4.5 minutes.

In accordance with 14 C.F.R. § 11.81, RSA Marketing provides the following information
in support of its petition for exemption:

A. Name And Address Of The Petitioner.
The name and address of the Petitioner and point of contact is:
Bruce Rowley
RSA Marketing
400 S. Commerce
Wichita, KS 67202
Tel: (316) 977-9600
Email: browley@rsaconnect. com

B. The Specific Sections Of 14 C.F.R. from Which RSA Marketing Seeks Exemption.

1. RSA Marketing Seeks Exemption From The Requirements Of
Section 61.113(a) And (b).
7
Section 61.113, entitled Private pilot privileges and limitations: Pilot in command,
subsections (a) and (b) prescribe the following, in relevant part:

(a) No person who holds a private pilot certificate may act as a pilot in command (PIC) of
an aircraft that is carrying passengers or property for compensation or hire; nor may that
person, for compensation or hire, act as PIC of an aircraft.

(b) A private pilot may, for compensation or hire, act as PIC of an aircraft in connection
with any business or employment if:

( 1) The flight is only incidental to that business or employment; and
(2) The aircraft does not carry passengers or property for compensation or hire.

2. RSA Marketing Seeks Exemption From The Requirements Of Section 91.7(a).

Section 91.7, entitled Civil aircraft airworthiness, subsection (a), states the following:

(a) No person may operate a civil aircraft unless it is in an airworthy condition.

3. RSA Marketing Seeks Exemption From The Requirements Of Section 91.121.

Section 91.121, entitled Altimeter settings, subsection (a), states the following, in part:

(a) Each person operating an aircraft shall maintain the cruising altitude or flight level of
that aircraft, as the case may be, by reference to an altimeter that is set, when operating:

(1) Below 18,000 feet MSL, to--

(i) The current reported altimeter setting of a station along the route and within 100 nautical
miles of the aircraft;

(ii) Ifthere is no station within the area prescribed in paragraph (a)( 1)(i) ofthis section, the
current reported altimeter setting of an appropriate available station; or

(iii) In the case of an aircraft not equipped with a radio, the elevation of the departure airport
or an appropriate altimeter setting available before departure.

4. RSA Marketing Seeks Exemption From The Requirements Of Section 91.15l(b).

Section 91.151, entitled Fuel requirements for flight in VFR conditions, subsection (b),
states the following:
8
(b) No person may begin a flight in a rotorcraft under VFR conditions unless (considering
wind andforecast weather conditions) there is enough fuel to fly to the first point of
intended landing and, assuming normal cruising speed, to fly after that for at least 20
minutes.

5. RSA Marketing Seeks Exemption From The Requirement Of Section 91.405(a).

Section 91.405, entitled Maintenance required, subsection (a), states the following: Each
owner or operator of an aircraft:

(a) Shall have that aircraft inspected as prescribed in subpart E of this part and shall between
required inspections, except as provided in paragraph (c) of this section, have discrepancies
repaired as prescribed in part 43 of this chapter[.]

6. RSA Marketing Seeks Exemption From The Requirements Of Section 91.407(a)(l)

Section 91.407, entitled Operation after maintenance, preventive maintenance, rebuilding,
or alteration, subsection (a)( 1), states the following:

(a) No person may operate any aircraft that has undergone maintenance, preventive
maintenance, rebuilding, or alteration unless:

(1) It has been approved for return to service by a person authorized under §43.7 of this
chapter[.]

7. RSA Marketing Seeks Exemption From The Requirements Of Sections 91.409(a)(l)
And 91.409(a)(2).

Section 91.409, entitled Inspections, subsection (a), states the following:

(a) Except as provided in paragraph (c) of this section, no person may operate an aircraft
unless, within the preceding 12 calendar months, it has had:

(1) An annual inspection in accordance with part 43 ofthis chapter and has been approved
for return to service by a person authorized by§ 43.7 ofthis chapter; or

(2) An inspection for the issuance of an airworthiness certificate in accordance with part 21
ofthis chapter.

8. RSA Marketing Seeks Exemption From The Requirements Of Sections 91.417(a)
And 91.417(b).
9
Section 91.417, entitled Maintenance records, subsections (a) and (b), state the following:

(a) Except for work performed in accordance with§§ 91.411 and 91.413, each registered
owner or operator shall keep the following records for the periods specified in paragraph (b)
of this section:

( 1) Records of the maintenance, preventive maintenance, and alteration and records of the
100-hour, annual, progressive, and other required or approved inspections, as appropriate,
for each aircraft (including the airframe) and each engine, propeller, rotor, and appliance of
an aircraft. The records must include:

(i) A description (or reference to data acceptable to the Administrator) of the work
performed; and

(ii) The date of completion of the work performed; and

(iii) The signature, and certificate number of the person approving the aircraft for return to
service.

(2) Records containing the following information:

(i) The total time in service ofthe airframe, each engine, each propeller, and each rotor.

(ii) The current status of life-limited parts of each airframe, engine, propeller, rotor, and
appliance.

(iii) The time since last overhaul of all items installed on the aircraft which are required to
be overhauled on a specified time basis.

(iv) The current inspection status of the aircraft, including the time since the last inspection
required by the inspection program under which the aircraft and its appliances are
maintained.

(v) The current status of applicable Airworthiness Directives (AD) and safety directives
including, for each, the method of compliance, the AD or safety directive number and
revision date. If the AD or safety directive involves recurring action, the time and date when
the next action is required.

(vi) Copies ofthe forms prescribed by§ 43.9(d) ofthis chapter for each major alteration to
the airframe and currently installed engines, rotors, propellers, and appliances.

(b) The owner or operator shall retain the following records for the periods prescribed:
10

(1) The records specified in paragraph (a)( 1) of this section shall be retained until the work
is repeated or superseded by other work or for one year after the work is performed.

(2) The records specified in paragraph (a)(2) of this section shall be retained and transferred
with the aircraft at the time the aircraft is sold.

(3) A list of defects furnished to a registered owner or operator under§ 43.11 ofthis chapter
shall be retained until the defects are repaired and the aircraft is approved for return to
service.

C. The Extent Of Relief RSA Marketing Seeks And The Reason RSA Marketing Seeks
The Relief.

1. Extent Of Relief RSA Marketing Seeks And The Reason RSA Marketing Seeks
Relief From Section 61.113(a) And (b).

Relief from Section 61.113(a) and (b) entitled Private pilot privileges and limitations: Pilot
in command, is requested to the extent necessary to allow a Pilot In Command (PIC) holding
a private pilot or higher level certificate, as well as a current and valid airman medical
certificate, and who has met certain flight-hour and currency requirements, to conduct the
proposed UAS flight operations for compensation or hire.

This relief is requested since the limitations set forth in Section 61.113(a) and (b) state that a
private pilot may, for compensation or hire, act as PIC of an aircraft in connection with any
business or employment if: (1) The flight is only incidental to that business or employment;
and (2) The aircraft does not carry passengers or property for compensation or hire.

As set forth more fully below, RSA Marketing submits that an equivalent level of safety will
be maintained because no PIC will be allowed to operate the DJI Phantom 3 Professional
UAS or DJI Inspire 1 UAS unless that PIC has met certain flight-hour and currency
requirements, demonstrating that the PIC is able to safely operate either the DJI Phantom 3
Professional or DJI Inspire 1 UAS in a manner consistent with the operations specifications
as described in this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers, as well as
maintaining appropriate distances from people, vessels, vehicles, and structures.

Further, RSA Marketing submits that all flights ofthe DJI Phantom 3 Professional and DJI
Inspire 1 UASs, conducted by the PIC pursuant to the grant ofthis Petition: (1) will be
incidental to RSA Marketing's business; and (2) will not carry passengers or property for
compensation or hire.
11

2. Extent Of Relief RSA Marketing Seeks And The Reason RSA Marketing Seeks
Relief From Section 91.7(a).

Relief from Section 91.7(a) entitled Civil aircraft airworthiness, is requested to the extent
required to allow RSA Marketing to determine that the DJI Phantom 3 Professional and DJI
Inspire 1 UASs are in airworthy condition prior to every flight by ensuring that the UAS is
in compliance with the operating documents (i.e., the RSA Marketing Aerial Operations
Manual, Monthly Maintenance Log, and DJI Phantom 3 Professional and DJI Inspire 1
Instruction Manual).

RSA Marketing seeks the requested relief because the DJI Phantom 3 Professional and DJI
Inspire 1 UASs do not require an airworthiness certificate in accordance with 14 C.F.R. Part
21, Subpart H. Therefore, RSA Marketing will ensure that the DJI Phantom 3 Professional
and DJI Inspire 1 UASs are in airworthy condition based upon its compliance with the
operating documents (i.e. Monthly Maintenance Log, and DJI Phantom 3 Professional and
DJI Inspire 1 Instruction Manual) prior to every flight, and further, determine that the
aircraft are in condition for safe flight, as stated in the conditions and limitations below.

3. Extent Of Relief RSA Marketing Seeks And The Reason RSA Marketing Seeks
Relief From Section 91.121.

Relief from Section 91.121, entitled Altimeter settings, may be required to allow flight
operations ofthe DJI Phantom 3 Professional and DJI Inspire 1 UASs, which utilize a
barometric pressure sensor, GPS equipment, and a radio communications telemetry data link
to downlink altitude information from the Unmanned Aircraft (UA) to the Pilot In
Command (PIC) at the Ground Control Station (GCS). Since the FAA requires that any
altitude information concerning UAS operations be reported to air traffic control (ATC) in
feet Above Ground Level (AGL), RSA Marketing seeks the requested relief because the DJI
Phantom 3 Professional and DJI Inspire 1 UA's altimeter may be set on the ground to zero
feet AGL, rather than the local barometric pressure or field altitude, before each flight.

Considering the limited altitude ofthe proposed operations, relief from 14 CFR
91.121 is sought to the extent necessary to comply with the applicable conditions and
limitations stated below. As more fully set forth herein, an equivalent level of safety will be
maintained since the DJI Phantom 3 Professional and DJI Inspire 1 UAs are equipped with a
barometric pressure sensor and GPS equipment, which automatically ensures that a ground
level pressure setting will be established prior to each flight, and provides the PIC with
altitude information of the UA on the heads-up display of the GCS.

4. Extent Of Relief RSA Marketing Seeks And The Reason RSA Marketing Seeks
Relief From Section 91.151(b).

Relief from Section 91.151 (b) entitled Fuel requirements for flight in VFR conditions, is
requested to the extent required to allow flights of the battery powered DJI Phantom 3
12

Professional and DJI Inspire 1 UAs during daylight hours in visual meteorological
conditions (VMC), under Visual Flight Rules, for a total duration of 13.5 minutes to the first
point of intended landing and, assuming normal cruising speed, to fly after that for at least
4.5 minutes. RSA Marketing seeks the requested relief because without an exemption from
Section 91.151 (b), the flight time duration of the battery powered DJI Phantom 3
Professional and DJI Inspire 1 UAs will severely constrain the practicality of any aerial
video or still photo flight operations that RSA Marketing proposes to conduct pursuant to
this Petition.

Significantly, as set forth below, the technical specifications of the DJI Phantom 3
Professional and DJI Inspire 1 UASs, the DJI Phantom 3 Professional and DJI Inspire 1
operating documents, and RSA Marketing's proposed operating limitations, ensure that
RSA Marketing will safely operate the battery powered DJI Phantom 3 Professional and DJI
Inspire 1 UAs during daylight hours in visual meteorological conditions (VMC), under
visual flight rules (VFR), with enough battery power to fly for a total duration of 13.5
minutes to the first point of intended landing and, assuming normal cruising speed, to fly
after that for at least 4.5 minutes.

5. Extent Of Relief RSA Marketing Seeks And The Reason RSA Marketing Seeks
Relief From Sections 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(l), 91.409(a)(l) & (a)(2), And 91.417(a) &
(b).

Since Sections 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(l), 91.409(a)(l) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b) only
apply to aircraft with an airworthiness certificate, RSA Marketing requests relief from these
Sections because the DJI Phantom 3 Professional and DJI Inspire 1 UASs do not require
airworthiness certificates. As set forth more fully below, the DJI Phantom 3 Professional
and DJI Inspire 1 UASs meet the conditions ofFMRA Section 333 for operation without an
airworthiness certificate. Accordingly, RSA Marketing will use trained technicians to
perform maintenance, alterations, or preventive maintenance on the UASs using the
methods, techniques, and practices prescribed in the UAS operating documents (i.e., the
RSA Marketing Aerial Operations Manual, Monthly Maintenance Log, and DJI Phantom 3
Professional and DJI Inspire 1 Instruction Manual). Furthermore, RSA Marketing will
document and maintain all maintenance records for the DJI Phantom 3 Professional and DJI
Inspire 1 UASs.

D. The Reasons Why Granting RSA Marketing's Request Would Be In The Public
Interest; That Is, How It Would Benefit The Public As A Whole.

Granting the present petition will further the public interest by allowing RSA Marketing to
safely, efficiently, and economically perform aerial video and photography for value
creation in a wide range of businesses that are critical to the health ofthe local economy.
13

Additionally, use of the DIT Phantom 3 Professional and DJI Inspire 1 UASs will decrease
congestion ofthe NAS and reduce pollution. Notably, the benefits ofRSA Marketing's
proposed operation ofthe DJI Phantom 3 Professional and DJI Inspire 1 UASs will be
realized without implicating any privacy issues.

1. The Public Will Benefit From Decreased Congestion Of The NAS.

The DJI Phantom 3 Professional and DJI Inspire 1 UAs are battery powered and serve as a
safe, efficient, and economical alternative to the manned aircraft traditionally utilized to
obtain aerial imagery. By reducing the amount of manned aircraft needed to perform aerial
acquisitions, an exemption allowing the use of a DJI Phantom 3 Professional or DJI Inspire
1 UAS would reduce the amount of manned aircraft in the NAS, reduce noise and air
pollution, as well as increase the safety of life and property in the air and on the ground.
Furthermore, by reducing the number of manned aircraft operating in the NAS, congestion
around airports caused by arriving and departing aircraft will be reduced. The DJI Phantom
3 Professional and DJI Inspire 1 UAs do not require an airport to takeoff or land. Likewise,
a reduction of manned aircraft conducting aerial video and photography missions would
result in fewer aircraft that must be handled by air traffic control during the ground, takeoff,
departure, arrival, and landing phases of flight operations.

2. The Public Will Benefit From The Safety And Efficiency Of The DJI Phantom 3
Professional and DJI Inspire 1 UASs.

Conducting aerial acquisitions with the DJI Phantom 3 Professional and DJI Inspire 1
UASs, instead of manned aircraft, will greatly benefit the public by drastically reducing the
levels of air and noise pollution generated during traditional aerial video and still
photography flight operations. By using battery power and electric motors, the DJI Phantom
3 Professional and DJI Inspire 1 UASs produce no air pollution, and is the most viable
environmentally conscious alternative to the cabin class, six cylinder internal combustion
engine aircraft that are typically utilized for aerial video and photography, while burning
approximately 20-30 gallons per hour of leaded aviation fuel. The DJI Phantom 3
Professional and DJI Inspire 1 UAs, while reducing the carbon footprint of aerial
acquisitions, also eliminates noise pollution, as the UAs are propelled by battery powered
electric motors, rather than an internal combustion engine.

By using the DJI Phantom 3 Professional and DJI Inspire 1 UASs to perform aerial
acquisitions, the substantial risk to life and property in the air and on the ground, which is
usually associated with traditional manned aircraft flight operations, will be substantially
reduced or completely eliminated. Aside from the lack of flight crew members located
onboard the aircraft, the DJI Phantom 3 Professional and DJI Inspire 1 UAs (weighing
approximately 2 pounds 13 ounces and 6 pounds 7.5 ounces respectively, at their maximum
gross weights, with lengths of 16 inches and 17.3 inches respectively, widths of 16 inches
and 17.7 inches respectively, and with no fuel on board), has less physical potential for
14

collateral damage to life and property on the ground, and in the air, compared to the manned
aircraft that typically conduct similar operations (weighing approximately 6,000 pounds
with a wingspan of approximately 42 feet, a length of 34 feet, and a fuel capacity of 180
gallons).

3. Performing Aerial Video and Photography Operations \Vith The DJI Phantom 3
Professional and DJI Inspire 1 UASs Will Benefit The Economy.

In addition to being safe and efficient, the DJI Phantom 3 Professional and DJI Inspire 1
UASs are also an economical alternative to using manned aircraft to conduct similar aerial
operations. As such, operation of the DJI Phantom 3 Professional and DJI Inspire 1 UASs
will allow United States based companies, like RSA Marketing, to remain competitive and
contribute to growth of the U.S. economy. Specifically, with the rising cost of aviation fuel
and the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) regulatory actions phasing out leaded
aviation fuels, U.S. owned and operated companies must adopt new and alternative
technology in order to remain competitive. Operating the battery powered DJI Phantom 3
Professional and DJI Inspire 1 UASs is one such technology that not only allows companies
greater operational flexibility compared to manned aircraft, but provides such flexibility
without the high operational cost of a traditional manned aircraft.

By operating the DJI Phantom 3 Professional and DJI Inspire 1 UASs, companies such as
RSA Marketing, can remain competitive and profitable, and therefore, provide greater job
stability to employees and contractors, which will ultimately contribute to growth of the
U.S. economy. Improved financial performance of U.S. companies, through commercial use
of the DJI Phantom 3 Professional and DJI Inspire 1 UASs, provides a stable workforce that
increases consumer spending; improves local, state, and federal tax revenues; and allows
companies to invest in research and development in order to remain competitive both in the
United States and abroad.

4. There Are No Privacy Issues.

Similar to the manned aerial acquisition flight operations that have been conducted for
decades, RSA Marketing's proposed operation of the DJI Phantom 3 Professional and DJI
Inspire 1 UASs will not implicate any privacy issues. Specifically, the DJI Phantom 3
Professional and DJI Inspire 1 UASs will be operated only in compliance with operating
documents (i.e. the RSA Marketing Aerial Operations Manual, Monthly Maintenance Log,
and DJI Phantom 3 Professional and DJI Inspire 1 Instruction Manual) which requires
property owner involvement, as well as local law enforcement notification, and in
accordance with the Federal Aviation Regulations (FAR), including the minimum altitude
requirements of 14 C.F.R. § 91.119.

E. The Reasons Why Granting The Exemption Would Not Adversely Affect Safety, Or
How The Exemption Would Provide A Level Of Safety At Least Equal To That
Provided By The Rule From Which RSA Marketing Seeks Exemption.
15

1. Reasons Why The DJI Phantom 3 Professional and DJI Inspire 1 UAs Meet The
Conditions Of The FAA Modernization and Reform Act of2012 (FMRA) Section 333.

In consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
unmanned aircraft and its operation, RSA Marketing's operation of the DJI Phantom 3
Professional and DJI Inspire 1 UASs meet the conditions ofFMRA Section 333, and will
not require an airworthiness certificate in accordance with 14 C.P.R. Part 21, Subpart H.

Section 333 provides authority for a UAS to operate without airworthiness certification and
sets forth requirements for considering whether a UAS will create a hazard to users of the
NAS or the public, or otherwise pose a threat to national security. Specifically, FMRA
Section 333 states the following, in part:

(a) In General--Notwithstanding any other requirement ofthis subtitle, and not later than
180 days after the date ofenactment ofthis Act, the Secretary of Transportation shall

determine ifcertain unmanned aircraft systems may operate safely in the national airspace

system before completion ofthe plan and rulemaking required by section 332 ofthis Act or
the guidance required by section 334 ofthis Act.

(b) Assessment of Unmanned Aircraft Systems--In making the determination under
subsection (a), the Secretary shall determine, at a minimum:

(I) which types ofunmanned aircraft systems, ifany, as a result oftheir size, weight, speed,

operational capability, proximity to airports and populated areas, and operation within
Visual Line ofSight (VLOS) do not create a ha::ard to users ofthe national airspace system
or the public or pose a threat to national security; and

(2) whether a certificate ofwaiver, certificate ofauthori:;ation, or airworthiness
certification under section 44704 oftitle 49, United States Code, is requiredfor the
operation of unmanned aircraft systems identified under paragraph (1).

(c) Requirements for Safe Operation--If the Secretary determines under this section that
certain unmanned aircraft systems may operate safely in the national airspace system, the
Secretary shall establish requirements for the safe operation ofsuch aircraft systems in the
national airspace system.

In seeking this exemption, RSA Marketing submits that the DJI Phantom 3 Professional and
DJI Inspire 1 UASs can operate safely in the NAS pursuant to FMRA Section 333, as
demonstrated by: (a) the characteristics of the DJI Phantom 3 Professional and DJI Inspire 1
UASs; (b) the pilot certification requirement; and (c) the specific operating limitations.

a. The Specifications Of The DJI Phantom 3 Professional and DJI Inspire 1 UASs
Demonstrate Its Safe Characteristics.
 16

 The DJI Phantom 3 Professional and DJI Inspire 1 UASs do not create a hazard to users of
 the NAS or the public, or otherwise pose a threat to national security considering its size,
 weight, speed, and operational capability.

 i. Technical Specifications Of The DJI Phantom 3 Professional and DJI Inspire 1
 UASs.

 The technical specifications ofthe DJI Phantom 3 Professional and DJI Inspire 1 UASs are
 set forth by the DJI Phantom 3 Professional and DJI Inspire 1 Specifications and Data Sheet,
 attached hereto as Exhibit A and B.

 ii. The DJI Phantom 3 Professional and DJI Inspire 1 UASs Autonomous Flight And
 Navigation Modes Enable The UASs To Remain Within A Defined Operational Area.

 The DJI Phantom 3 Professional and DJI Inspire 1 UASs may be operated in both manual
 and fully-autonomous flight modes. A complete description of the flight and navigational
 modes of the DJI Phantom 3 Professional and DJI Inspire 1 UASs is provided at pages
 25-35 ofthe DJI Phantom 3 Professional and pages 12-16 and 45-50 ofthe DJI Inspire 1
 User Manuals, attached hereto as Exhibit C and D.

 iii. The DJI Phantom 3 Professional and DJI Inspire 1 UASs Are Designed For
·Automatic Return To Home Point Or Hover In The Event Of Loss OfThe Control
 Link Or Navigation.

 When the Control Link is lost, the DJI Phantom 3 Professional and DJI Inspire 1 UAs will
 remain stationary, in flight, for three seconds or more. If, after three seconds, the DJI
 Phantom 3 Professional and DJI Inspire 1 UAs do not reacquire control link data from the
 GCS, the UAs will assume that the Control Link is lost and the UAs will return to the home
 position (i.e. failsafe mode) via GPS, and will descend to the takeoff position and shutdown.
 A complete description of the Failsafe Functions of the DJI Phantom 3 Professional UAS
 are set forth at pages 27 through 29 and for the DJI Inspire 1 at pages 13 through 15 ofthe
 DJI Phantom 3 Professional and DJI Inspire 1 User Manuals, attached hereto as Exhibit C
 and D.

 iv. The DJI Phantom 3 Professional and DJI Inspire 1 GCS And Its Operation.
 A complete description of the operation and specifications ofthe DJI Phantom 3
 Professional and DJI Inspire 1 GCS and flight control software is provided at pages 32
 through 43 of the DJI Phantom 3 Professional User Manual and pages 40 through 47 of the
 DJI Inspire 1 User Manual. DJI Phantom 3 Professional and DJI Inspire 1 User Manuals are
 attached hereto as Exhibits C and D.
17

b. Flight Operations Of DJI Phantom 3 Professional and DJI Inspire 1 UASs Are
Limited To The Line Of Sight Of A Certificated Pilot in Command With A Safety
Observer.

RSA Marketing will only utilize certificated pilots who possess a current and valid airman
medical certificate to act as a Pilot In Command (PIC) of the DJI Phantom 3 Professional
and DJI Inspire 1 UASs. Additionally, a safety observer will assist all pilots during flight
time.

c. Flights Of DJI Phantom 3 Professional and DJI Inspire 1 UASs Will Be Conducted
Pursuant To Specific Operating Limitations.

In seeking this exemption, RSA Marketing proposes to commercially operate DJI Phantom
3 Professional and DJI Inspire 1 UASs for the special purpose of conducting aerial video
and photography over certain areas of United States, pursuant to the following specific
operating limitations:

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption will be limited to the following aircraft
described in the operating documents, rotorcraft UASs weighing less than 55 pounds
maximum gross weight: DJI Phantom 3 Professional and DJI Inspire 1 Unmanned Aircraft
Systems. Proposed operations of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to
amend this grant.

2. UAS operations under this exemption will be limited to conducting operations for the
purpose of aerial video and photography.

3. The UAs may not be flown at an indicated airspeed exceeding 20 knots.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet Above Ground Level
(AGL), as indicated by the procedures specified in the operating documents unless a special
request is made and approved by ATC. All altitudes reported to ATC must be in feet AGL.

5. The UAs must be operated within Visual Line of Sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate.

6. The use of first person view (FPV) by the PIC or safety observer (SO) is not permitted.

7. All operations must utilize a Safety Observer (SO). The SO may be used to satisfy the
VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS capability. The SO and PIC
must be able to communicate verbally at all times. Electronic messaging or texting is not
permitted during flight operations. The PIC must be designated before the flight and cannot
transfer his or her designation for the duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the SO
can perform the functions prescribed in the operating documents.
18

8. The SO must not perform any other duties beyond assisting the PIC with seeing and
avoiding other air traffic and other ground-based obstacles/obstructions and is not permitted
to operate the camera or other instruments.

9. The operating documents and the grant of exemption must be accessible during UAS
operations and made available to the Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists
between the conditions and limitations contained in the grant of exemption and the
procedures outlined in the operating documents, the conditions and limitations contained in
the grant of exemption take precedence and must be followed. Otherwise, the operator must
follow the procedures as outlined in its operating documents. The operator may update or
revise its operating documents. It is the operator's responsibility to track such revisions and
present updated and revised documents to the Administrator upon request. The operator
must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension or amendment
to the grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update or revision would
affect the basis upon which the FAA granted the exemption, then the operator must petition
for amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may
be contacted if questions arise regarding updates or revisions to the operating documents.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must inspect the UAS to ensure that it is in a condition for
safe flight. If the inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS,
the aircraft is prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed
and the UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight. The Ground Control Station (GCS)
must be included in the preflight inspection. All maintenance and alterations must be
properly documented in the aircraft records.

11. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
or flight characteristics (e.g. replacement of a flight critical component) must undergo a
functional test flight. The PIC who conducts the functional test flight must make an entry in
the aircraft records.

12. The pre-flight inspection must account for all potential discrepancies (e.g. inoperable
components, items, or equipment) not already covered in the relevant sections of the
operating documents.

13. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's aircraft/component, maintenance,
overhaul, replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements.

14. The operator must carry out its maintenance, inspections, and record keeping
requirements, in accordance with the operating documents. Maintenance, inspection,
alterations, and status of replacement/overhaul component parts must be noted in the aircraft
records, including total time in service, description of work accomplished, and the signature
of the authorized person returning the UAS to service.
19

15. Each UASs operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
Safety Bulletins.

16. The authorized person must make an entry in the aircraft record of the corrective action
taken against discrepancies discovered between inspections.

17. The PIC must possess at least a private pilot certificate and at least a current third-class
medical certificate.

18. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC meets the operator's
qualification criteria and demonstrates the ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner
consistent with how the UAS will be operated under the exemption, including evasive and
emergency maneuvers and maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles
and structures. PIC qualification flight hours must be logged in a manner consistent with 14
C.F.R.

§ 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs are permitted under the
terms of the exemption. However, training operations may only be conducted during
dedicated training sessions. During training, proficiency and experience-building flights, all
persons not essential for flight operations are considered nonparticipants and the PIC must
operate the UA with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 C.F.R.
§91.119.

19. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 C.F.R. §

1.1. All operations must be conducted under Visual Meteorological Conditions (VMC). If
flight at night is required, a special request will be made at the FAA office closest to
proposed area of operations. Flights under Special Visual Flight Rules (SVFR) are not
authorized.

20. The UA may not operate within five nautical miles of an airport reference point as
denoted on a current FAA-published aeronautical charts unless a letter of agreement with
that airport's management is obtained and the operation is conducted in accordance with a
Notice to Airman (NOTAM) as required by the operator's Certificate of Waiver or
Authorization (COA). The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made
available to the Administrator upon request.

21. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than three statute miles from the PIC.

22. If the UA loses communications or loses its GPS signal, it must return to a
predetermined location within the planned operating area and land or be recovered in
accordance with the operating documents.
20

23. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies in
accordance with the operating documents.

24. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
weather conditions) there is enough power to fly at normal cruising speed to the intended
landing point and land the UA with 25 percent battery power remaining.

25. The operator must obtain an Air Traffic Organization (ATO) issued Certificate of
Waiver or Authorization (COA) prior to conducting any operations under the grant of
exemption. This COA will also require the operator to request a Notice to Airman
(NOTAM) not more than 72-hours in advance, but not less than 48-hours prior to the
operation. All operations shall be conducted in accordance with airspace requirements in the
ATO issued COA including class of airspace, altitude level and potential transponder
requirements.

26. All aircraft operated in accordance with the exemption must be identified by serial
number, registered in accordance with 14 C.F.R. part 47, and have identification (N-
Number) markings in accordance with 14 C.F.R. part 45, Subpart C. Markings must be as
large as practicable.

27. Before conducting operations, the radio frequency spectrum used for operation and
control of the UA must comply with the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) or
other appropriate government oversight agency requirements.

28. The documents required fewer than 14 C.F.R. 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
Pilot In Command (PIC) at the Ground Control Station (GCS) of the UAS anytime the UAS
is operating. These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law
enforcement official upon request.

29. The UA must remain clear and yield the right of way to all manned aviation operations
and activities at all times.

30. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

31. Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all non-participating persons
(persons other than the PIC, SO, operator trainees or essential persons), vessels, vehicles,
and structures unless:

a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect non-participating persons from
the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure that
non-participating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises where
non-participating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of the UA, flight
operations must cease immediately and/or;
21

b. The aircraft is operated near vessels, vehicles or structures where the owner/controller of
such vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission and the PIC has made a safety
assessment of the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
present an undue hazard, and;

c. Operations nearer to the PIC, SO, operator trainees or essential persons do not present an
undue hazard to those persons per§ 91.119(a).

32. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
permission from the land owner/controller or authorized representative. Permission from
land owner/controller or authorized representative will be obtained for each flight to be
conducted.

33. Any incident, accident or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
boundaries of the operational area, as defined by the applicable COA, must be reported to
the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24-hours. Accidents must be reported to
the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions contained on the NTSB
website: www.ntsb.gov.

2. Reasons Why An Exemption From The Requirements Of Section 61.113(a) And (b)
Would Not Adversely Affect Safety.

RSA Marketing submits that the equivalent level of safety established by Section 61.113(a)
and (b) will be maintained because no PIC will be allowed to opetate the DJI Phantom 3
Professional and DJI Inspire 1 UASs unless that PIC has demonstrated, by meeting
minimum flight-hour and currency requirements, that the PIC is able to safely operate the
DJI Phantom 3 Professional or DJI Inspire 1 UAS in a manner consistent with the
exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and maintaining appropriate
distances from people, vessels, vehicles and structures.

Considering RSA Marketing's proposed area of operations, and the operating limitations set
forth-above; the parallel nature of private pilot aeronautical knowledge requirements to
those of commercial pilot requirements (See Exemption No. 11 062); and the airmanship
skills necessary to safely operate the DJI Phantom 3 Professional or DJI Inspire 1 UAS,
RSA Marketing submits that the additional manned airmanship experience of a
commercially certificated pilot would not correlate to the airmanship skills necessary for
RSA Marketing's specific proposed flight operations.

The FAA has previously granted relief from Section 61.113(a) and (b) specific to UAS, in
circumstances similar, in all material respects, to those presented herein (e.g. Exemption
Nos. 11062,11063,11064,11065,11066,11067,11080,11109,11110,11112,
11136, 11138, 11150, 11153, 11156, 11158, 11159, 11160, 11161).
22

RSA Marketing will not allow any PIC to operate the DJI Phantom 3 Professional or DJI
Inspire 1 UAS unless that PIC has demonstrated, by meeting minimum flight-hour
requirements or the DJI Phantom 3 Professional or DJI Inspire 1 UAS training and currency
requirements, that the PIC is able to safely operate the DJI Phantom 3 Professional or DJI
Inspire 1 UAS in a manner consistent with this exemption, including evasive and emergency
maneuvers and maintaining appropriate distances from people, vessels, vehicles and
structures.

Specifically, the PIC must have accumulated and logged, in a manner consistent with 14
C.F.R. § 61.51(b), 25-hours oftotal time as a UAS rotorcraft pilot (with a minimum of five
of those hours as a UAS pilot operating the same make and model ofUAS to be used for
operations under the exemption). In addition to the hour requirements, the PIC must
accomplish three takeoffs and landings in the preceding 90 days (for currency purposes).

As in Exemption Nos. 11062, 11138 and 11153, prior documented flight experience that
was obtained in compliance with applicable regulations will ensure an equivalent level of
safety during RSA Marketing's proposed operations. The Administrator has held that prior
documented flight experience that was obtained in compliance with applicable regulations
would ensure safe operations, stating as follows:

In Exemption No. 11062, the FAA required that prior to conducting operations for the
purpose of motion picture filming (or similar operations), the PIC must have accumulated
and logged, in a manner consistent with 14 CFR 61.51(b), 25-hours oftotal time as a UAS
rotorcraft pilot including at least 10-hours logged as a UAS pilot with a multi-rotor UAS.
Prior to operations under Exemption No. 11062, the PIC must also have accumulated and
logged a minimum of 5-hours as a UAS pilot operating the same make and model ofUAS to
be used for operations under the exemption. For clarification, the FAA considers these
minimum hour requirements to be inclusive rather than additive (i.e. 5-hours make and
model time may be included in the 10-hours of multi-rotor time and the 10-hours may be
included in the total25-hours ofUAS rotorcraft time). In addition to the hour requirements,
the PIC must accomplish three takeoffs and landings in the preceding 90 days (for currency
purposes). The FAA finds that at a minimum, the flight-hour requirements in Exemption
No. 11062 are appropriate to practice and build proficiency in the skills necessary to safely
conduct the petitioner's proposed operations. The FAA also finds that prior documented
flight experience that was obtained in compliance with applicable regulations would satisfy
this requirement. Training, proficiency, and experience-building flights can also be
conducted under the grant of exemption to accomplish the required flight time. During
training, proficiency and experience-building flights the PIC is required to operate the UA
with appropriate distances in accordance with 14 C.F .R 91.119.

Exemption No. 11138 at page 15.
Accordingly, RSA Marketing will ensure safe operations by not allowing any PIC to operate
the DJI Phantom 3 Professional or DJI Inspire 1 UAS unless that PIC has demonstrated, by
meeting minimum flight-hour and currency requirements, that the PIC is able to safely
23
operate the DJI Phantom 3 Professional or DJI Inspire 1 UAS in a manner consistent with
the exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and maintaining appropriate
distances from people, vessels, vehicles and structures.

3. Reasons Why An Exemption From The Requirements Of Section 91.7(a) Would Not
Adversely Affect Safety.

The equivalent level of safety established by Section 91.7(a) will be maintained because
prior to every flight, RSA Marketing will ensure that the DJI Phantom 3 Professional or DJI
Inspire 1 UAS is in an airworthy condition based upon the UASs compliance with its
operating documents and as stated in the conditions and limitations herein.

Additionally, the FAA has previously granted relief from Section 91.7(a) specific to UAS,
in circumstances similar, in all material respects, to those presented herein (e.g. Exemption
Nos. 11062, 11063, 11064, 11065, 11066, 11067, 11080, 11109, 11110, 11112,
11136,11138,11150,11153,11156,11157,11158,11159,11160, 11161).

4. Reasons Why An Exemption From The Requirements Of Section 91.121 Would Not
Adversely Affect Safety.

The equivalent level of safety established by Section 91.121 will be maintained because the
altitude information of the DJI Phantom 3 Professional and DJI Inspire 1 UAs will be
provided to the PIC via GPS equipment and a radio communications telemetry data link,
which downlinks from the UA to the GCS for active monitoring of the flight path and
altitude. This altitude information, combined with RSA Marketing's operation of the DJI
Phantom 3 Professional and DJI Inspire 1 UAs within Visual Line of Sight (VLOS), at or
below 400 feet Above Ground Level (AGL), will ensure a level of safety equivalent to
Section 91.121. The altitude information will be generated by GPS equipment installed
onboard the aircraft.

Prior to each flight, a zero altitude initiation point is automatically established by the UASs
at ground level.

The FAA has previously granted relief from Section 91.121 specific to UAS, in
circumstances similar, in all material respects, to those presented herein (e.g. Exemption
Nos. 11062,11063,11064,11065,11066,11067,11080,11109,11112,11136,11138,
11150,11153,11156,11157,11158,11159,11160, 11161).

5. Reasons Why An Exemption From The Requirements Of Section 91.15l(b) Would
Not Adversely Affect Safety.

A grant of this exemption would ensure an equivalent level of safety established by
14 C. F.R. Section 91. 151 (b) as a result of ( 1) the technical specifications of the DJI
Phantom 3 Professional and DJI Inspire 1 UASs; (2) the limitations on the proposed flight
24

operations; and (3) the location of the proposed flight operations. Accordingly, RSA
Marketing will ensure that it will safely operate the battery powered DJI Phantom 3
Professional and DJI Inspire 1 UAs during daylight hours in Visual Flight Rules (VFR)
conditions, with enough battery power to fly for a total duration of 13.5 minutes to the first
point of intended landing and, assuming normal cruising speed, to fly after that for at least
4.5 minutes.

Here, as in Exemption No. 11109, the technical specifications ofthe DJI Phantom 3
Professional and DJI Inspire 1 UASs; the limitations on the proposed flight operations; and
the location of the proposed operations, will ensure an equivalent level of safety established
by 14 C.F.R. Section 91.151(b). Furthermore, safety will be ensured as the DJI Phantom 3
Professional and DJI Inspire 1 UASs provide audible and visual warnings to the PIC at the
GCS when the UAs experiences low-battery voltage, the first warning occurring at
approximately 33 percent remaining battery power, and again at approximately 10 percent
remaining battery power. At the critically low-battery level, the DJI Phantom and DJI
Inspire 1 UASs will descend and land automatically.

Significantly, previous exemptions granted by the FAA concerning Section 91.151 establish
that safety is not adversely affected when the technical characteristics and operating
limitations of the UAS are considered. Relief has been granted for manned aircraft to
operate at less than the minimums prescribed in Section 91.151, including Exemption Nos.
2689, 5745, and 10650. Moreover, the FAA has previously granted relieffrom Section
91.151 specific to UAS, in circumstances similar, in all material respects, to those presented
herein (e.g. Exemption Nos. 8811, 10808, 10673, 11042, 11062, 11063,
11064,11065,11066,11067,11080,11109,11110,11136,11138,11150,11153,11156,
11157,11158,11159,11160, 11161).

6. Reasons Why An Exemption From The Requirements Of Sections
91.405(a), 91.407(a)(l), 91.409(a)(l) & (a)(2), And 91.417(a) & (b) Would
Not Adversely Affect Safety.

In seeking this exemption, RSA Marketing submits that the equivalent level of safety with
regard to the regulatory maintenance and alteration requirements established by Sections
91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(l) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b) will be met because
RSA Marketing will use trained technicians to perform maintenance, alterations or
preventive maintenance on the UASs using the methods, techniques and practices prescribed
in the operating documents (i.e. the RSA Marketing Aerial Operations Manual, Monthly
Maintenance Log, and DJI Phantom 3 Professional and DJI Inspire 1 Instruction Manual).
Furthermore, RSA Marketing will document and maintain all maintenance records for the
DJI Phantom 3 Professional and DJI Inspire 1 UASs.

Since the DJI Phantom 3 Professional and DJI Inspire 1 UASs will be inspected as
prescribed by the operating documents, RSA Marketing will maintain the equivalent level
25

of safety established by Sections 91.405(a), 91.409(a)(1), and 91.409(a)(2). A copy ofthe
DJI Phantom 3 Professional and DJI Inspire 1 User Manuals are attached hereto as Exhibit
C and D; a copy of the DJI Phantom 3 Professional and DJI Inspire 1 UAS Maintenance
LOG is attached hereto as Exhibit E.

Likewise, the exemption sought will not adversely affect safety because RSA Marketing
will use trained technicians to perform maintenance, alterations or preventive maintenance
on the UAS using the methods, techniques and practices prescribed by the operating
documents.

Furthermore, the exemption sought would maintain an equivalent level of safety established
by Sections 91.407, 91.417(a) and 91.417(b), because all maintenance ofthe DJI Phantom 3
Professional and DJI Inspire 1 UASs will be performed by trained technicians. Maintenance
will be documented and maintained utilizing the monthly maintenance log.

Significantly, previous exemptions granted by the FAA concerning Sections
91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b) establish that safety is
not adversely affected when the technical characteristics and operating limitations of the
UAS are considered.

In consideration ofRSA Marketing's proposed operating limitations, the operating
documents, and the techllicaLaspects of the DJI Phantom 3 Professional and DJI Inspire 1
UASs, RSA Marketing submits that safety will not be adversely affected by granting
exemption from 14 C.F.R. Sections 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(l) and (a)(2),
91.409(a)(2), and 91.417(a) and (b). The FAA has previously granted relief specific to UAS
in circumstances similar, in all material respects, to those presented herein (e.g. Exemption
Nos. 11062, 11063, 11064, 11065, 11066, 11067, 11080, 11109, 11110, 11112,
11136,11138,11150,11153,11156,11157,11158,11159,11160, 11161).

7. The FAA May Prescribe Any Other Conditions For Safe Operation.

In accordance with Section 333 ofthe FAA Modernization and Reform Act of2012
(FMRA) and 14 C.F.R. § 21.16 entitled Special Conditions, RSA Marketing requests that
the FAA prescribe special conditions for the intended operation of the DJI Phantom 3
Professional and DJI Inspire 1 UASs, which contain such safety standards that the
Administrator finds necessary to establish a level of safety equivalent to that established by
14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H, and 14 C.F.R §§ 61.113(a) & (b), 91.7 (a), 91.121,
91.151(b), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b). Such special
conditions will permit safe operation of the UAs for the limited purpose of conducting aerial
video and photography over certain areas of the United States for compensation or hire.

FMRA Section 333 sets forth the requirements for considering whether a UAS will create a
hazard to users of the National Airspace System (NAS) or the public, or otherwise pose a
26
threat to national security; and further, provides the authority for such UAS to operate
without airworthiness certification in accordance with any requirements that must be
established for the safe operation of the UAS in the NAS.

Likewise, the Administrator may prescribe special conditions pursuant to 14 C.P.R.
§ 21.16, for operation of the DJI Phantom 3 Professional and DJI Inspire 1 UASs, since the
airworthiness regulations of 14 C.P.R. Part 21 do not contain adequate or appropriate safety
standards, due to the novel or unusual design features of the aircraft. Section 21.16, entitled
Special Conditions, states the following:

If the FAA finds that the airworthiness regulations of this subchapter do not contain
adequate or appropriate safety standards for an aircraft, aircraft engine, or propeller because
of a novel or unusual design feature of the aircraft, aircraft engine or propeller, he prescribes
special conditions and amendments thereto for the product. The special conditions are
issued in accordance with Part 11 of this chapter and contain such safety standards for the
aircraft, aircraft engine or propeller as the FAA finds necessary to establish a level of safety
equivalent to that established in the regulations.

See 14 C.P.R.§ 21.16.
Therefore, in accordance with FMRA Section 333 and 14 C.P.R. § 21.16, the FAA may
prescribe special conditions for RSA Marketing's intended operation of the DJI Phantom 3
Professional and DJI Inspire 1 UASs, which contain such safety standards that the
Administrator finds necessary to establish a level of safety equivalent to that established by
14 C.P.R. Part 21, Subpart H, and 14 C.F.R Sections 61. r13(a) & (b), 91.7(a), 91.121,
91.151(b), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b).

F. A Summary That Can Be Published In The Federal Register, stating: The Rules
From Which RSA Marketing Seeks Exemption:

RSA Marketing seeks exemptionfrom the requirements of14 C.F.R Sections 61.113(a)&(b).
91.7(a), 91.121, 91.151(b), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(l), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) &
(b).

A Brief Description Of The Nature Of The Exemption RSA Marketing
Videography Seeks:

This exemption will permit RSA Marketing to commercially operate an Unmanned Aircraft
System (UAS) for the purpose ofconducting aerial video and photography over certain
areas ofthe United States.

G. Any Additional Information, Views Or Arguments Available To Support
RSA Marketing's Request.
27

This Petition is made pursuant to the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of2012 (FMRA)
Section 333, which directs the Secretary ofTransportation to determine if certain UAS may
operate safely in the NAS. As such, RSA Marketing's request for exemption may be granted
pursuant to the authority ofFMRA Section 333 and 14 C.F.R. Part 11, as set forth above.

FMRA Section 333 sets forth the requirements for considering whether a UAS will create a
hazard to users of the NAS or the public, or otherwise pose a threat to national security; and
further, provides the authority for such UAS to operate without airworthiness certification.
As discussed in detail above, RSA Marketing will operate the DJI Phantom 3 Professional
and DJI Inspire 1 UASs safely in the NAS, without creating a hazard to users of the NAS, or
the public, or otherwise pose a threat to national security.
28

                                               CONCLUSION

As set forth herein, RSA Marketing seeks an exemption pursuant to 14 C.F.R. § 11.61 and
Section 333 ofthe FAA Modernization and Reform Act of2012 (FMRA), which will permit
safe operation of the DJI Phantom 3 Professional and DJI Inspire 1 UASs commercially,
without an airworthiness certificate, for the limited purpose of conducting aerial video and
photography over certain areas ofthe United States. By granting this Petition, the FAA
Administrator will be fulfilling the Congressional mandate of the FAA Modernization and
Reform Act of2012, while also advancing the interests of the public, by allowing RSA
Marketing to safely, efficiently and economically operate the DJI Phantom 3 Professional
and DJI Inspire 1 UASs commercially within the NAS.

WHEREFORE, in accordance with the Federal Aviation Regulations and the FAA
Modernization and Reform Act of2012, Section 333, RSA Marketing respectfully requests
that the Administrator grant this Petition for an exemption from the requirements of 14
C.F.R Sections 61.113(a) & (b), 91.7(a), 91.121, 91.151(b), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(l),
91.409(a)(l) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b), and permit RSA Marketing to operate the DJI
Phantom 3 Professional and DJI Inspire 1 UASs commercially for the purpose of
conducting aerial video and photography over certain areas of the United States. Dated: June
15,2015

Respectfully submitted,

RSA Marketing

Bruce Rowley RSA Marketing, CEO/Principal
400 S. Commerce
Wichita, KS 67202

Tel: (316)977-9600

Appendices:

A- DJI Phantom 3 Professional Specifications Data Sheet
B- DJI Inspire 1 Specifications Data Sheet
C- DJI Phantom 3 Professional Manufacturer's User Manual
D- DJI Inspire 1 Manufacturer's User Manual
E- Monthly Maintenance Log
29

                                               APPENDIX-A

                DJI Phantom 3 Professional TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS

RSA Marketing only utilizes safe and reliable UASs. DJI is an industry leader in small UAS
production. DJI UASs are loaded with ground-breaking software, enabling the user to set
parameters which will not allow flight into controlled airspace. Parameters can also be set to
limit flight to no higher than a predetermined and set altitude, as well as limit flight to a
predetermined and set distance. In addition, DJI software provides real-time altitude and
location information to the PIC via the linked monitor (smart phone/tablet devices).

                                      1. 1 DJI Phantom 3 Professional

1. 1. 1 Aircraft
1.1.1.1 Supported Battery- DJI 5200mAH LiPo Battery
1.1.1.2 Weight (Battery & Propellers Included)- 2lbs 11.810oz (1242g)
1.1.1.3 Hover Accuracy (Ready to Fly)- Vertical: .8m; Horizontal: 2.5m
1.1.1.4 Max Yaw Angular Velocity- 200°/s
1.1.1.5 Max Tilt Angel- 35°
1.1.1.6 Max Ascent Speed- 6m/s
1.1.1.7 Max Descent Speed- 2m/s
1.1.1.8 Max Flight Speed- 15m/s (NOT RECOMMENDED)

1.1.2 Gimbal
1.1.2.1 Working Current- Static: 750mA; Dynamic: 900mA
1.1.2.2 Control Accuracy- ±0.03°
1.1.2.3 Controllable Range- Pitch: -90° to 0°
1.1.2.4 Maximum Angular Speed- Pitch: 90°/s

1.1.3 Camera
1.1.3 .1 Operating Temperature Range- 32°F to 104°F (0°C to 40°C)
1.1.3.2 Sensor Size- 1/2.3"
1.1.3.3 Effective Pixels- 14M
1.1.3.4 Resolution- 4384x3288
4.1.3.5 HD Video Recording- 1080p30 & 720p
4.1.3.6 Recording Field of View- 110°/85°

1.1.4 Transmitter
1.1.4.1 Operating Frequency- 5.728GHz-5.85GHz
1.1.4.2 Communication Distance (unobstructed)- FCC Compliance: 800m
1.1.4.3 Receiver Sensitivity (1 %PER)- 93dBm
1.1.4.4 Transmitter Power- FCC Compliance: 100mW
1.1.4.5 Working Voltage- 120mA@3.7V
30

1. 1.5 Range Extender
1.1.5.1 Operating Frequency- 2412-2462MHz
1.1.5.2 Communication Distance (unobstructed)- 500 to 700m
1.1.5. 3 Transmitter Power - 20dBm
1.1.5.4 Power Consumption - 2W

                                               APPENDIX-B

                        DJI INSPIRE 1 TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS

RSA Marketing only utilizes safe and reliable UASs. DJI is an industry leader in small UAS
production. DJI UASs are loaded with ground-breaking software, enabling the user to set
parameters which will not allow flight into controlled airspace. Parameters can also be set to
limit flight to no higher than a predetermined and set altitude, as well as limit flight to a
predetermined and set distance. In addition, DJI software provides real-time altitude and
location information to the PIC via the linked monitor (smart phone/tablet devices).

2.2 DJI Inspire 1

2.2.1 Aircraft
2.2.1.1 Model- T600
2.2.1.2 Weight (Battery Included)- 6lbs 7.5291oz (2935g)
2.2.1.3 Hovering Accuracy (GPS Mode)- Vertical: 0.5m; Horizontal: 2.5m
2.2.1.4 Max Angular Velocity- Pitch: 300°/s; Yaw: 150°/s
2.2.1.5 Max Tilt Angle- 35°
2.2.1.6 Max Ascent Speed- 5m/s
2.2.1. 7 Max Descent Speed- 4m/s
2.2.1.8 Max Speed- 22m/s (ATTI mode, no wind- NOT RECOMMENDED)
2.2.1. 9 Max Flight Altitude- 4500m
2.2.1.10 Max Wind Resistance- 1Om/s
2.2.1.11 Max Flight Time- Approximately 18 minutes
2.2.1.12 Motor Model- DJI 3510
2.2.1.13 Propeller Model - DJI 1345
2.2.1.14 Operating Temperature Range- 14°F to 104°F (-10°C to 40°C)
2.2.1.15 Dimensions- 17 1;4" x 17 %" x 12"

2.2.2 Gimbal
2.2.2.1 Model - ZENMUSE X3
2.2.2.2 Output Power (with camera)- Static: 9W; In Motion: 11 W
2.2.2.3 Operating Current- Static: 750mA; In Motion: 900mA
31

2.2.2.4 Angular Vibration Range- ±0.03°
2.2.2.5 Mounting- Detachable
2.2.2.6 Controllable Range- Pitch: -90° to +30°; Pan: ±320°
2.2.2.7 Mechanical Range- Pitch: -125° to 45°; Pan: ±330°
2.2.2.8 Max Controllable Speed- Pitch: 120°/s; Pan: 180°/s

2.2.3 Camera
2.2.3.1 Name-X3
2.2.3.2 Model- FC350
2.2.3.3 Total Pixels- 12.76M
2.2.3.4 Effective Pixels- 12.4M
2.2.3.5 Image Max Size- 4000x3000
2.2.3.6 ISO Range- 100-3200
2.2.3.7 Field ofView- 94°
2.2.3.8 CMOS- Sony EXMOR 1/2.3"
2.2.3.9 HD Video Recording- UHD(4K): 4096x2160p24/25,
3840x2160p24/25/30; FHD: 1920x1080p24/25/30/48/50/60; HD:
1280x720p24/25/30/48/50/60
2.2.3.10 Operating Temperature Range- 32°F to 104°F (0°C to 40°C)

2.2.4 Transmitter
2.2.4.1 Name- C1
2.2.4.2 Operating Frequency- 5.728-5.850GHz; 2.400-2.483GHz
2.2.4.3 Communicating Distance (unobstructed)- 2000m
2.2.4.4 Output Power- 9W
2.2.4.5 Operating Temperature Range- 14°F to 104°F (-10°C to 40°C)
2.2.4.6 Battery- 600mAh LiPo 2S
32
                                                APPENDIX-C

                      DJI Phantom 3 Professional Manufacturer's User Manual
33
                                                APPENDIX-D

                               DJI Inspire 1 Manufacturer's User Manual
PHANTOM

l ,=>.=c:=;:::::= :::;';.:.~]

User Manual D
Using this manual

0 Warning  & Important  :\): Hints and Tips  liGJ Reference

Read the following documents before using the Phantorn 3 Professional:

1. In the Box
2. Phantom 3 Professional User Manual
3. Phantom 3 Professional Quick Start Guide

4. Phantom 3 ProfessionalI Advanced Safety Guidelines and Disclaimer
5. Phantom 3 ProfessionalI Advanced Intelligent Flight Battery Safety Guidelines

We recornrnend that you watch all tutorial videos on the official DJI website and read the Disclaimer
before you fly. Prepare for your first flight by reviewing the Phantorn 3 Professional Quick Start Guide and
refer to the User Manual for rnore detailed information.

Please watch the tutorial videos at the link below, which demonstrates how to use Phantorn 3 Professional
safely:
http //www. dji. corn/p roduct/phantorn-3/video

Download and install the DJI Pilot app before using the aircraft. Scan the OR code to the right

~~~~~~~.                                                                                         ~~~
The Android version of the DJI Pilot app is compatible with Android 4.1.2 or later.
                                                                                                 ·f-i...J~.·ii.l. ~.

The iOS version of the DJI Pilot app is compatible with iOS 8.0 or later.                        ~ ~.·.~~~~
Contents                                                               2
                                                                       2
                      Using this manual                                2
                              Legends                                  2
                              Read Before the First Flight
                              Video Tutorials                          6
                              Download the DJI Pilot app               6
                                                                       7
                      Product Profile                                  8
                              Introduction                             8
                              Feature Highlights
                              Preparing the Aircraft                  11
                              Aircraft Diagram                        11
                              Remote Controller Diagram               11
                                                                      12
                      Aircraft                                        12
                              Flight Controller                       13
                              Flight Mode                             14
                              Flight Status Indicator                 14
                              Return-to-Home (RTH)                    16
                              Smart RTH                               16
                              Low Battery RTH                         17
                              Failsafe RTH
                              Vision Positioning System               23
                              Flight Recorder                         23
                              Attaching and Detaching the Propellers  27
                              DJI Intelligent Flight Battery          28
                                                                      29
                      Remote Controller
                              Remote Controller Profile
                              Using the Remote Controller
                              Remote Controller Status LED
                              Linking the Remote Controller
                              Remote Controller Compliance Version
   Camera and Gimbal                              31
                                                  32
          Camera Profile
          Gimbal                                  35
                                                  38
   DJI Pilot App                                  38
          Camera                                  38
          Director
          Store                                   40
          Discovery                               40
                                                  44
   Flight                                         44
          Flight Environment Requirements         45
          Flight Limits and No-Fly Zones          46
          Preflight Checklist                     46
          Calibrating the Compass
          Auto Takeoff and Auto Landing           53
          Flight Test                             55
          Starting/Stopping the Motors            56

   Troubleshooting (FAQ)

   Appendix
          Specifications
           Intelligent Orientation Control (IOC)
           FCC Compliance

4
              rofile

This section introduces the Phantom 3
Professional and lists the components of
the aircraft and remote controller.
Product Profile

The Phantom 3 Professional represents the next generation of OJI quadcopters. It is capable of capturing
4K video and transmitting an HD video signal out of the box. The built-in camera has an integrated gimbal
to maximize stability while minimizing both weight and size. Even when no GPS signal is available, the
Vision Positioning System allows the aircraft to hover accurately in place.

Camera and Gimbal: With the Phantom 3 Professional, you're shooting 4K video at up to 30 frames per
second and capturing 12 megapixel photos that look crisper and cleaner than ever. An enhanced sensor
gives you greater clarity, lower noise, and better pictures than any previous flying camera.

HD Video Downlink: The low-latency long range HD downlink is powered by an enhanced version of OJI
Lightbridge.

DJI Intelligent Flight Battery: The 4480 mAh OJI Intelligent Flight Battery features upgraded battery cells
and an advanced power management system.

Flight Controller: The next-generation flight controller has been updated to provide a safer. more reliable
flight experience. A newly implemented flight recorder stores critical data from each flight and the Vision
Positioning System enhances hovering precision when flying indoors or in environments where GPS is
unavailable.
                                                                                               Phantom 3 Professional User Manual

Removing Gimbal Clamp
Remove the gimbal clamp by sliding it to the right (when facing the nose of the aircraft), as shown below.

Attaching the Propellers:
Mount the propellers with black dots on to motors with black axes and spin counter-clockwise to secure.
Mount the propellers with sliver dots on to motors with sliver axes and spin clockwise to secure. Be sure
all propellers are securely in place.

 & Place all propellers onto the correct motors and tighten by hand to lock them in position.

Preparing the Remote Controller:
The mobile device holder is designed for securing tablet or mobile device. Tilt the mobile device holder to
the desired position, then adjust the antennas so they are facing outward.
1. Press the button on the top right side of the mobile device holder to release the clamp, then adjust the

    clamp to fit the size of your mobile device.
2. Secure your mobile device in the clamp by pressing down, and connect your mobile device to the

    remote controller using a USB cable.
3. Plug one end of the cable into the mobile device, and the other end into the USB port on the back of

    the remote controller.

                                                                                                                                    7
Phantom 3 Professional User Manual

                                    [1] GPS

                                    [2] Propeller

                                    [3] Motor
                                    [4] Front LED Indicator
                                    [5] Landing gear
                                    [6] Gimbal and Camera
                                    [7] Aircraft Micro-USB Port
                                    [8] Aircraft Status Indicator
                                    [9] Intelligent Flight Battery
                                    [10] Vision Positioning Sensors
                                    [11] Antennas
                                    [12] Camera Micro-SO Card Slot
                                    [13] Camera Micro-USB Port
                                    [14] Link Button

       II                           [1] Antennas
                                        Relays aircraft control and
b.1ft  'I==11-----.                     video signal.

         (Q~                        [2] Mobile Device Holder
                                        Securely mounts your mobile
~'0                                     device to the remote controller.

       )···'                        [3] Control Stick
                                        Controls the orientation and
                                        movement of the aircraft.

                                    [4] Return Home (RTH) Button
                                        Press and hold the button to
                                        initiate Return to Home (RTH).
                                                      Phantom 3 Professional User Manual

[5] Battery Level LEDs
    Displays the battery level of the remote
    controller.

[6] Status LED
    Displays the remote controller's system status.

[7] Power Button
    Used to turn the remote controller on and off.

[8] RTH LED
    Circular LED around the RTH button displays
    RTH status.

[9] Camera Settings Dial                              [14] Gimbal Dial
      Turn the dial to adjust camera settings.              Use this dial to control the tilt of the gimbal.
      (Only functions when the remote controller is
      connected to a mobile device running the OJI    [15] Mircro-USB Port
      Pilot app.)                                           Connect to a SO card reader to upgrade the
                                                            firmware.
[1 0] Playback Button
      Playback the captured images or videos.         [16] USB Port
      (Only functions when the remote controller is         Connect to mobile device or to a USB port for
      connected to a mobile device running the OJI          firmware upgrade.
      Pilotapp.)

[11] Shutter Button
      Press to take a photo If burst mode is
      selected, the set number of photos will be
      taken with one press.

[12] Flight Mode Switch
      Switch between P-mode, A-mode, and
      F-mode.

[13] Video Recording Button
      Press to start recording video. Press again to
      stop recording.

[17] C1 Button
      Customizable through the OJI Pilot app.

[18] C2 Button
      Customizable through the OJI Pilot app.

[19] Power Port
      Connect to the DJI Phantom 3 Charger to
      charge the battery of the remote controller.
Aircraft

This section introduces the features of
the Flight Controller, Vision Positioning
System. and the Intelligent Flight Battery

10
Aircraft

The Phantom 3 Professional's flight controller features several important upgrades, including a new flight
mode. Safety modes include Failsafe and Return-to-Home. These features ensure the safe return of your
aircraft if the control signal is lost. The flight controller can also save critical flight data from each flight
to the on-board storage device. The new flight controller also provides increased stability and a new air
braking feature.

Three flight modes are available. The details of each flight mode are found below:
P-mode (Positioning) : P-mode works best when GPS signal is strong. There are three different states
of P-mode, which will be automatically selected by the Phantom 3 Professional depending on signal
strength of GPS and Vision Positioning sensors :

     P-GPS: GPS and Vision Positioning both are available. The aircraft is using GPS for positioning.
     P-OPTI: Vision Positioning is available but the GPS signal strength is not sufficient. The aircraft is

                 using only the Vision Positioning System for positioning.
     P-ATTI: Neither GPS nor Vision Positioning is available. The aircraft is using only its barometer for

                 positioning, so only altitude can be stabilized.
A-mode (Attitude): GPS and Vision Positioning System are not used for stabilization. The aircraft only uses
its barometer. The aircraft can still automatically return to the home point if the control signal is lost and
the Home Point was recorded successfully.
F-mode (Function): Intelligent Orientation Control (IOC) is activated in this mode. For more information
about IOC, refer to the IOC section in the Appendix.

 :<;/; Use the Flight Controller mode switch to change the flight rnode of the aircraft, refer to the "Flight

          Mode Switch" on Page 26 for more information.

The Phantom 3 Professional has Front LEOs and Aircraft Status Indicators. The positions of these LEOs
are shown in the figure below:

The Front LEOs show the orientation of the aircraft. The Front LEOs glow solid red when the aircraft is
turned on to indicate the front (or nose) of the aircraft. The Aircraft Status Indicators communicate the
system status of the flight controller. Refer to the table below for more information about the Aircraft Status
Indicators:

                                                                                                                              11
Phantom 3 Professional User Manual

        Norrnal                                               Turning On and Self Diagnostic Testing

     -c'f!J:tfjriS:f: ..···· Red, Green and Yellow Flash      Warming Up
                                                              Safe to Fly (P-mode with GPS and Vision
        Alternatively                                         Positioning)
                                                              Safe to Fly (P-mode with Vision Positioning but
     :ff?!.:¢1;...... Green and Yellow Flash Alternatively    without GPS)
                                                              Safe to Fly (A-mode but No GPS and Vision
        :@.:······Green Flashes Slowly                        Positioning)

l> :t/J!:X2 ······Green Flashes Twice                         Remote Controller's Signal Lost
::;                                                           Low Battery Warning
                                                              Critical Battery Warning
D :@ ...... Yellow Flashes Slowly                             IMU Error
                                                              Critical Error
      :warning                                                Compass Calibration Required

     ¢· ...... Fast Yellow Flashing
      :JBF ...... Slow Red Flashing

      !6): ······Fast Red Flashing

     :f/!f: ······Red Flashing Alternatively

      tf!J.·- Solid Red

     :IJ!l-.:.1$..-······ Red and Yellow Flash Alternatively

The Return-to-Home (RTH) function brings the aircraft back to the last recorded Home Point. There are
three types of RTH procedures: Smart RTH, Low Battery RTH, and Failsafe RTH. This section describes
these three scenarios in detail.

Home Point                          If a strong GPS signal was acquired before takeoff, the Home Point
                                    is the location from which the aircraft was launched. The GPS signal
                                    strength is indicated by the GPS icon ( ~,ull ). The aircraft status
                                    indicator will blink rapidly when the home point is recorded.

Use the RTH button on the remote controller (refer to "RTH button" on page 26 for more information) or
tap the RTH button in the DJI Pilot app and follow the on-screen instructions when GPS is available to ini-
tiate Smart RTH. The aircraft will then automatically return to the last recorded Home Point. You may use
the remote controller's control sticks to control the aircraft's position to avoid a collision during the Smart
RTH process. Press and hold the Smart RTH button once to start the process, and press the Smart RTH
button again to terminate the procedure and regain full control of the aircraft.

12
                                                                                                             Phantom 3 Professional User Manual

The low battery level failsafe is triggered when the DJI Intelligent Flight Battery is depleted to a point that
may affect the safe return of the aircraft. Users are advised to return home or land the aircraft immediately
when prompted. The DJI Pilot app will display a notice when a low battery warning is triggered. The
aircraft will automatically return to the Home Point if no action is taken after a ten-second countdown. The
user can cancel the RTH procedure by pressing the RTH button on the remote controller. The thresholds
for these warnings are automatically determined based on the aircraft's current altitude and distance from
the Home Point.

The aircraft will land automatically if the current battery level can only support the aircraft long enough
to descend from its current altitude. The user can still use the remote controller to alter the aircraft's
orientation during the landing process.

The Battery Level Indicator is displayed in the DJI Pilot app, and is described below:

                                                                                         SuffiCif-nt battt:ry
                              'J'

Low battery    The battery       Aircraft status   aircraft return to the Home      Fly the aircraft
level warning  power is low.                       point and land automatically,    back and land
               Please land the                     or "Cancel" to resume normal     it as soon as
               aircraft.                           flight. If no action is taken,   possible, then
                                                   the aircraft will automatically  stop the motors
                                                   go home and land after 10        and replace the
                                                   seconds. Remote controller       battery.
                                                   will sound an alarm.

Critical Low   The aircraft      Aircraft status   The DJI Pilot app display will   Allow the aircraft to
battery level  must land         indicator blinks  flash red and the aircraft will  descend and land
warning        immediately.      RED quickly.      start to descend. The remote     automatically.
                                                   controller will sound an alarm.
Estimated
remaining      Estimated         N/A               N/A                              N/A
flight time    remaining flight
               based on current
               battery level.

                                                                                                      13
Phantom 3 Professional User Manual

 :\;): · When Critical battery level warning is triggered and the aircraft begins to land automatically,
            you may push the throttle upward to make the aircraft hover at its current altitude, giving you an
            opportunity to navigate to a more appropriate landing location.

          · The colored zones and markers on the battery level indicator bar reflect the estimated
            remaining flight time. They are automatically adjusted according to the aircraft's current location
            and status.

If the Home Point was successfully recorded and the compass is functioning normally, Failsafe RTH will
be automatically activated if the remote controller signal is lost for more than three seconds. The Return-
to-Home process may be interrupted and the operator may regain control of the aircraft if the remote
controller signal connection is re-established.

Failsafe Illustration               2 Confirming Home Point      3 Remote Controller Signal Lost
 1 Record Home Point
                                               y ~~1111

Blink1ng Green                      Blinking Green               Fast Blinking Yellow
4 Signal Lost Lasts (after 3 sec.)
                                    5 RTH (adjustable altitude)  6 Landing (after hovering for 5 sees)
  >38
                                    _ _0                             T..
Fast Blinking Yellow                v~::::::::::::::~ Y                            @

                                     I :y                        Fast Blinking Yellow
                                    ~@

                                    Fast Blinking Yellow

& . The aircraft cannot avoid obstruction during the Failsafe RTH, therefore, it is important to set an

          suitable Failsafe altitude before each flight. Launch the DJI Pilot app and enter "Camera" and
          select "MODE> Advanced Settings > Failsafe mode" to set the Failsafe altitude.
        · The aircraft will stop its ascent and return to the Home Point immediately if the throttle stick is
          moved during the Failsafe RTH procedure.

The DJI Vision Positioning System uses ultrasound and image data to help the aircraft maintain its current
position. With the help of Vision Positioning, your Phantom 3 Professional can hover in place more precisely
and fly indoors or in other environments where a GPS signal is not available. The main components of the
Vision Positioning System are located on the bottom of your Phantom 3 Professional; they include [2] two
ultrasonic sensors and [ 1] one monocular camera.

14
                                                       Phantom 3 Professional User Manual

Using Vision Positioning
Vision Positioning is activated automatically when the Phantom 3 Professional is turned on. No
further action is required. Vision Positioning is typically used in indoor environments, where GPS
is unavailable. Using the sensors that are built into the Vision Positioning system, the Phantom 3
Professional can hover precisely even without GPS.

_~.,___ _ _ ______,./

 I -y- .

1i /I                                             ~    I~II                                   ep

                                                  ~

Follow the steps below to use Vision Pos1t1on1ng

1. Toggle the flight mode switch toP-mode.                                                    ''

2. Place the aircraft on a flat surface. Note that the Vis1on Posit1on1ng system cannot work

properly on surfaces without clear pattern vanat1ons.

3. Turn on the aircraft. The aircraft status indicator will flash green two times, which indicates the Vision

Positioning system is ready. Gently push the throttle up to lift off and the aircraft will hover in place.

& The performance of your Vision Positioning System is affected by the surface over which it is

        flying. The ultrasonic sensors may not be able to accurately measure distances when operating
        above sound-absorbing materials. In addition, the camera may not function correctly in
        suboptimal environments. The aircraft will switch from P-mode to A-rnode automatically if neither
        GPS nor Vision Positioning System are available. Operate the aircraft with great caution in the
        following situations:
        · Flying over monochrome surfaces (e.g. pure black, pure white, pure red, pure green).
        · Flying over a highly reflective surfaces.
       · Flying at high speeds(over 8 m/s at 2 meters or over 4 m/s at 1 meter).
        · Flying over water or transparent surfaces.
        · Flying over moving surfaces or objects.
        · Flying in an area where the lighting changes frequently or drastically.
        · Flying over extremely dark (lux< 10) or bright (lux> 100,000) surfaces.
        · Flying over surfaces that can absorb sound waves (e.g. thick carpet).
        · Flying over surfaces without clear patterns or texture.
        · Flying over surfaces with identical repeating patterns or textures (e.g. tiles with the sarne design).
        · Flying over inclined surfaces that will deflect sound waves away from the aircraft.

;\;): · Keep the sensors clean at all times. Dirt or other debris may adversely affect the effectiveness
           of the sensors.

        · Vision Positioning is only effective when the aircraft is at altitudes of 0.3 to 3 meters.
        · The Vision Positioning System may not function properly when the aircraft is flying over water.
        · The Vision Positioning System may not be able to recognize pattern on the ground in low light

           conditions (less than 100 lux)
        · Do not use other ultrasonic devices with frequency of 40 KHz when Vision Positioning system is

           in operation.
        · Vision Positioning System may not be able to stabilize the aircraft when flying close to the

           ground (below 0.5 meters) at fast speeds ..

                                                                                                            15
Phantom 3 Professional User Manual

0 Keep the animals away from the aircraft when Vision Positioning system is activated. The sonar

          sensor emits high frequency sounds that are only audible to some animals.

Flight data is automatically recorded to the internal storage of the aircraft. This includes flight
telemetry, aircraft status information, and other parameters. To access these data, connect the
aircraft to the PC through the Micro-USB port and launch the OJI Pilot app.

Use only DJI approved propellers with your Phantom 3 Professional. The grey and black nuts on
the propeller indicate where they should be attached and in which direction whey should spin. To
attach the propellers properly, match the nut color with the motor axis color.

·~ropellers  Silv~r Dol               '\, \\" ,, ,,

                                       ~iack.Qbt:

Figure

Attach On    Motors with a grey axes  Motors with a black axes
Legends
             Ell Lock :Turn the propellers in the indicated direction to mount and tighten.

             'D'l Unlock: Turn the propellers in the indicated direction to loosen and remove.

Attaching the Propellers

1. Be sure to remove the warning stickers from the motors before attaching the propellers.
2. Attach the propellers with silver dots onto the motors with silver axes and spin the propellers clockwise

    to secure them in place. Attach the propellers with black dots onto the motors with black axes and spin
    the propellers counter-clockwise to secure them in place. Be sure to tighten each propeller by hand
    before flight.

16
                                                                                                   Phantom 3 Professional User Hanual

6 ·Ensure propellers are attached to its corresponding motors, otherwise the aircraft cannot take off.

          · Wear gloves when handling propellers.
          · Hand tighten each of the propellers on the corresponding motors to ensure it is attached firmly.

Detaching the Propellers
Hold the motor in place with one hand, then spin the propeller in the indicated unlock direction.

 & · Check that the propellers and motors are installed correctly and firmly before every flight.

          · Ensure that all propellers are in good condition before each flight. DO NOT use aged, chipped,
            or broken propellers.

          · To avoid injury, STAND CLEAR of and DO NOT touch propellers or motors when they are spinning.
          · ONLY use original OJI propellers for a better and safer flight experience.

The OJI Intelligent Flight Battery has a capacity of 4480 mAh, a voltage of 15.2 V, and a smart charge/
discharge functionality. It should only be charged using an appropriate charger that has been approved
by DJI.

 6 The Intelligent Flight Battery must be fully charged before using it for the first time. Refer to

          "Charging the Intelligent Flight Battery" for more information.
 :\): Be aware that the output power of the supplied Phantom 3 Professional charger is 100W.

DJI Intelligent Flight Battery Functions
1. Battery Level Display: the LED indicators display the current battery level.
2. Battery Life Display: the LEOs display the current battery power cycle.
3. Auto-Discharging Function: To prevent swelling, the battery automatically discharges to below 65% of

    total power when it is idle for more than ten days. It takes around two days to discharge the battery to
    65%. It is normal to feel moderate heat being emitted from the battery during the discharge process.
    Discharge thresholds can be set in the OJI Pilot app.
4. Balanced Charging: Automatically balances the voltage of each battery cell when charging.
5. Overcharge Protection: Charging automatically stops when the battery is fully charged.

ooc6. Temperature Detection: The battery will only charge when the temperature is between (32°F) and

    40°C (104°F).
7. Over Current Protection: The battery stops charging when high amperage (more than 8 A) is detected.
8. Over Discharge Protection: To prevent over-discharge damage, discharging automatically stops when

    the battery voltage reaches 12 V.
9. Short Circuit Protection: Automatically cuts the power supply when a short circuit is detected.

                                                                                                                                      17
