June 30, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 11946
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­1455

Mr. Matthew J. Clark
Counsel for RTI Group LLC
McKenna Long & Aldridge LLP
1676 International Drive, Penthouse
McLean, VA 22102

Dear Mr. Clark:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated April 21, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of RTI Group, LLC (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption. The
petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct aerial data
collection.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner are the DJI Phantom 2 Vision and DJI Inspire 1.

In accordance with the statutory criteria provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in
reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited
                                                                                                                 2

operating area associated with the aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation
has determined that this aircraft meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA
finds that relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts,
Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing
requirements of part 36, is not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, RTI Group, LLC is granted an exemption from 14 CFR
§§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121,
91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to the
extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                             3

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, RTI Group, LLC is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom 2
    Vision and DJI Inspire 1 when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload.
    Proposed operations of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to
    amend this exemption.

2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
    not permitted.

3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
    exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
    compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
    airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
    aircraft manufacturer.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.

    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
    electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
    must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
    required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
                                                                                                            4

    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.
                                                                                                            5

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.
                                                                                                            6

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

    The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
    nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
    reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
    contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.
                                                                                                                 7

 If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
 television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                    8

This exemption terminates on July 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.
Sincerely,

John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
                                  9

Project Officer: _______________

MR MATTHEW J CLARK
MCKENNA LONG ALDRIDGE LLP
1676 INTERNATIONAL DR PH
COUNSEL FOR RTI GROUP LLC
MCLEAN VA 22102
Albany                             1676 International Drive · Penthouse                            Northern Virginia
Atlanta                                       McLean, VA 22102                                        Orange County
Brussels                                       Tel: 703.336.8800
Denver                                         mckennalong.com                                     Rancho Santa Fe
Los Angeles                                                                                                 San Diego
Miami                                     April 21, 2015
New York                                                                                               San Francisco
                                                                                                                  Seoul
Mark E. McKinnon
703.336.8708                                                                                        Washington, DC
Matthew J. Clark
703.336.8714                                                                                    Email Address
                                                                         mmckinnon@mckennalong.com

                                                                               mclark@mckennalong.com

U.S. Department of Transportation
Docket Management System
1200 New Jersey Ave., SE
Washington, DC 20590

                  Re: Petition of RTI Group, LLC, for an Exemption Pursuant to Section 333 of the
                          FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012

To Whom it May Concern:

         Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 ("Reform Act")
and 14 C.F.R. Part 11, RTI Group, LLC ("RTI"), hereby applies for an exemption from the Federal
Aviation Regulations ("FARs") identified below, to operate small unmanned aerial vehicles (i.e.,
"small unmanned aircraft" or "UAS") for aerial data collection. The data will be used in support of,
inter alia, RTI's forensic evaluation and infrastructure inspection work. The FAA has previously
issued grants of exemption in circumstances similar to those presented in this Petition for
Exemption.

         In addition to this Petition for Exemption, RTI will also submit the following supporting
documents (hereinafter referred to as "operating documents"):

 RTI UAS Operations Manual;            DJI Inspire 1 User's Manual
 DJI Phantom 2 Vision User's Manual;   DJI Inspire 1 Safety Guidelines
 Smart Flight Battery Safety           DJI Inspire 1 Maintenance Manual
                                       DJI Intelligent Flight Battery Safety
    Guidelines;
 DJI Quick Start Guide;                   Guidelines
 DJI Pilot Training Guide;

         RTI submits these operating documents as confidential documents pursuant to 14 C.F.R.
§ 11.35(b), as the materials contain confidential commercial and proprietary information that RTI
has not and will not share with others. The information contained in these documents is not
generally available to the public and is protected from release under the Freedom of Information Act,
5 U.S.C. § 552 et seq.
U.S. Department of Transportation
April 21, 2015
Page 2

         For your convenience, this Petition is organized as follows:

I. Description of Petitioner
II. Description of Proposed Operation
III. Relevant Statutory Authority
IV. RTI's Proposed UAS Operations Meet the Requirements of Section 333 of the Reform

         Act
         A. Approval is Warranted Based on the UAS's Size, Weight, Speed, and

                  Operational Capability
         B. Approval is Warranted Based on the Operational Restrictions in RTI's Operating

                  Documents
V. Regulations From Which Exemption is Sought

         A. 91.9(c), 45.23(b) and 45.27(a): Aircraft Marking and Identification Requirements
         B. 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2); 91.417(a) and (b): Maintenance

                  Inspections
         C. 61.113, 61.101(e)(4) and (5): Private and Recreational Pilot Privileges and

                  Limitations
         D. 91.7(a): Civil Aircraft Airworthiness
         E. 91.9(b)(2): Civil Aircraft Flight Manual in the Aircraft and 91.203(a) and (b):

                  Carrying Civil Aircraft Certification and Registration
         F. 91.103: Preflight Action
         G. 91.109(a): Flight Instruction
         H. 91.119(b) and (c): Minimum Safe Altitudes
         I. 91.121: Altimeter Settings
         J. 91.151(a): Fuel Requirements for Flight in VFR Conditions

VI. Drug and Alcohol Program
VII. Public Interest
VIII. Privacy
IX. National Security
X. Federal Register Summary
XI. Conclusion
U.S. Department of Transportation
April 21, 2015
Page 3

I. DESCRIPTION OF PETITIONER

         Headquartered in Stevensville, Maryland, RTI is a pioneering, global accident and failure
investigation and safety management consultancy serving the legal and insurance markets. With
origins dating back to 1975, RTI provides forensic engineering services to high-risk industries and
transportation operations, including aviation, marine, rail, utilities, nuclear, and construction.

         The RTI group of companies is a well-established multidisciplinary technical services
consultancy specializing in accident and failure investigation as well as safety-related applications
and education. RTI professionals are innovative leaders in the technical analysis and reconstruction
of transportation and industrial accidents, offering well over thirty years of experience in conducting
forensic investigations. Cases have ranged from small to large loss matters, including complex
claims and litigation, conducted on behalf of corporations, attorneys, insurance companies, and
government agencies. RTI is an established international resource of highly qualified experts who
provide each client with bespoke forensic engineering and scientific investigations, laboratory
testing, system safety analysis, computer accident reconstructions, and forensic visual presentations.

         Following decades of experience serving clients worldwide, RTI has developed a solid
reputation for excellence across the forensic engineering field. Consistent with that reputation, RTI
continually seeks new and innovative ways to better serve its clients. New UAS technologies have
tremendous potential in the field of forensic engineering and related infrastructure inspections.
UASs provide a versatile platform for capturing high-resolution imagery of infrastructure, and also
provide a means to survey large areas quickly and safely. For these reasons, RTI seeks an exemption
allowing commercial operation of UASs for aerial data collection.

         In accordance with 14 C.F.R. § 11.81(a), RTI provides the following information in support
of its Petition for Exemption.

         The contact information for Petitioner is as follows:

         Jeremy Reynolds, Chief Operations Officer
         RTI Group, LLC
         401 Log Canoe Circle
         Stevensville, MD 21666
         Phone: 410.571.0712
         Fax:. 410.571.0713
         Email: jeremy.reynolds@rtiforensics.com

II. DESCRIPTION PROPOSED OPERATION

         RTI seeks an exemption pursuant to Section 333 of the Reform Act to use the DJI Phantom 2
Vision and the DJI Inspire 1 UASs for aerial data collection in support of RTI's forensic evaluation
infrastructure inspection work. The proposed operations will occur under tightly controlled
conditions on private property where RTI has received permission to fly from the landowner or
U.S. Department of Transportation
April 21, 2015
Page 4

his/her authorized representative. The UAS will be operated in accordance with the requirements
contained in the accompanying RTI operating documents, and in accordance with the requirements
of an applicable Certificate of Waiver or Authorization ("COA").

         Examples of the type of work the aerial data will support include:

     Assisting Accident First Responders: RTI anticipates using UASs to assist first responders in
         documenting and surveying accident scenes.

     Aviation and Rail Accident Investigation: RTI intends to use UASs to conduct site and
         debris field mapping in the aftermath of aviation, railroad and other transportation related
         accidents.

     Accident Investigations/Analysis: RTI intends to employ UASs to survey and map broad
         views of large areas in support of its accident investigation/analysis activities. UASs would
         also be used to survey and map areas affected by catastrophic events such as tornados,
         hurricanes, earthquakes, flooding, and collapse of large structures. Additionally, UASs may
         be used to survey and inspect fire and explosion damages.

     Infrastructure Inspections: RTI intends to use UASs to capture high-resolution imagery of
         infrastructure to include items such as flare stacks, elevated oil/gas pipelines,
         powerlines/power infrastructure, wells, tanks, columns, tower structures, antenna systems,
         tall monuments, water towers, dams, power transmission or communication systems, wind
         turbines, agricultural silos, signs/billboards, light poles, bridges, rooftops, building façades,
         and other industrial plant/site infrastructure. While some of this infrastructure is accessible
         using specialized climbing gear, ladders and man lifts, these methods expose inspecting
         engineers and consultants to significant falling risks and the possibility of causing damage to
         the structure being inspected. In other instances, structural features are inaccessible using
         these conventional inspection methods, and the structure is located in an area where full-
         scale aircraft cannot fly. UASs will aid in documenting the observable infrastructure
         conditions that are simply not accessible by any other safe or practical means.

         The FAA has previously issued grants of exemption in circumstances substantially similar to
those presented in this Petition for Exemption, including, but not limited to:

     Exemption No. 11230 to Montico, Inc. (Tower inspections and mapping operations to an
         existing tower structure) (Docket No. FAA-2014-0604);

     Exemption No. 11225 to Oceaneering International, Inc. (Safety inspection and aerial
         surveying);

     Exemption No. 11217 to Notus Access Group (Aerial inspections of wind turbine blades and
         towers) (Docket No. FAA-2014-0954);
U.S. Department of Transportation
April 21, 2015
Page 5

     Exemption No. 11206 to BNSF Railway Co. (Remote aerial viewing of railroad
         infrastructure and operations) (Docket No. FAA-2014-0704);

     Exemption No. 11191 to Singer's Creation (Aerial photography for inspection of home
         exteriors) (Docket No. FAA-2014-0915);

     Exemption No. 11185 to Commonwealth Edison Company (Electric transmission and
         distribution utility system monitoring, powerline inspections, and damage assessments)
         (Docket No. FAA-2014-0855);

     Exemption No. 11175 to State Farm Automobile Insurance (Roof inspections) (Docket No.
         FAA-2014-0876);

     Exemption No. 11156 to Total Safety U.S., Inc. (Flare stack inspections) (Docket No. FAA-
         2014-0610); and

     Exemption No. 11109 to Clayco (Aerial imaging, surveying and monitoring of construction
         sites) (Docket No. FAA-2014-0507).

III. RELEVANT STATUTORY AUTHORITY

         This Petition for Exemption is submitted pursuant to Section 333(a) through (c) of the FAA
Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 ("Reform Act"). Congress has directed the FAA "to safely
accelerate the integration of civil unmanned aircraft systems into the national airspace system."
Pursuant to Section 333 of the Reform Act, the FAA Administrator is to permit unmanned aircraft
systems to operate in the NAS where it is safe to do so based on the following considerations:

          The UAS's size, weight, speed and operational capability;

          Operation of the UAS in close proximity to airports and populated areas; and

          Operation of the UAS within the visual line of sight of the operator.

         Additionally, the FAA Administrator has general authority to grant exemptions from the
agency's safety regulations and minimum standards when the Administrator decides a requested
exemption is in the public interest. See 49 U.S.C. § 106(f) (defining the authority of the
Administrator); 49 U.S.C. § 44701(f) (permitting exemptions from §§ 44701(a), (b) and §§ 44702 ­
44716, et seq.). A party requesting an exemption must explain the reasons why the exemption: (1)
would benefit the public as a whole, and (2) would not adversely affect safety (or how it would
provide a level of safety at least equal to the existing rules). See 14 C.F.R. § 11.81 (petitions for
exemption).
U.S. Department of Transportation
April 21, 2015
Page 6

IV. RTI'S PROPOSED UAS OPERATIONS MEET THE REQUIREMENTS OF SECTION 333 OF THE
         REFORM ACT

         RTI's proposed operations in this Petition for Exemption qualify for expedited approval
pursuant to Section 333 of the Reform Act as each of the statutory criteria and relevant factors are
satisfied.

         A. Approval is Warranted Based on the UAS's Size, Weight, Speed, and
                  Operational Capability

         The FAA has previously determined that a Grant of Exemption is appropriate for operations
conducted using the DJI Inspire 1 and the DJI Phantom 2 (including the Vision and Vision+
models), due to their size, weight, speed, and operational capability. See e.g.,

     Exemption No. 11224 to NextEra Energy, Inc. (DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ and DJI Inspire 1)
     Exemption No. 11230 to Montico, Inc. (DJI Phantom 2 Vision+)
     Exemption No. 11228 to Steven Zeets (DJI Phantom 2 and DJI Phantom 2 Vision+)
     Exemption No. 11218 to Saratoga Aerial Vehicle (DJI Phantom 2 Vision+)
     Exemption No. 11215 to Mike Johnson (DJI Phantom 2 Vision+)

         Specifically, the FAA has found the following characteristics of the DJI Phantom 21 and DJI
Inspire 12 to warrant approval for a Grant of Exemption:

     The DJI Phantom 2 Vision weighs less than 3 lbs (including the battery).
     The DJI Inspire 1 weighs less than 6 lbs (including the battery).
     Maximum flight speed for the DJI Phantom 2 Vision is 15 m/s (29 knots).3
     Maximum flight speed for the DJI Inspire 1 is 22 m/s (~43 knots).
     Both the DJI Inspire 1 and the DJI Phantom 2 Vision has the capability to operate safely

         after experiencing certain in-flight contingencies or failures and uses an auto-pilot system to
         maintain UAS stability and control. The UASs are also able to respond to a loss of GPS or a
         lost-link event with a pre-coordinated, predictable, automated flight maneuver. These safety
         features provide an equivalent level of safety compared to a manned aircraft performing a
         similar operation and mitigate the risk of command and control link failures.4 The Inspire 1

1 Manufacturer specifications for the DJI Phantom 2 Vision are located in Attachment A.
2 Manufacturer specifications for the DJI Inspire 1 are located in Attachment B.
3 Exemption No. 11195 to FalconSkyCam at pg. 10.
4 Id. at pg. 3.
U.S. Department of Transportation
April 21, 2015
Page 7

         also has geofencing capabilities to ensure the aircraft remains within a defined area of
         operation.

     Altitude information will be generated by equipment onboard the UAs as specified using
         GPS triangulation, digitally encoded barometric altimeter, radio altimeter, or any
         combination thereof. This information will be transmitted to the pilot via telemetric data
         feed.

     The radio frequencies used for operations and control of the UASs comply with the Federal
         Communications Commission ("FCC") and other appropriate government oversight agency
         requirements. Both UASs operate within the 2.4 GHz frequency band.

         If the same proposed operations were conducted using a helicopter, the aircraft's take-off
weight would likely exceed 6,000 pounds. The difference in weight between the DJI Phantom 2 and
DJI Inspire 1 (which carries no passengers, crew, or flammable fuel), significantly reduces the
potential harm to the participating and non-participating individuals or property in the event of an
accident or incident.

         B. Approval is Warranted Based on the Operational Restrictions in RTI's
                  Operating Documents

         RTI's operating documents contain all the procedures and limitations necessary to safely and
successfully perform the proposed operations. To assist the FAA in making a safety assessment of
RTI's proposed operations, below is a summary of operational limitations and conditions that RTI
will adhere to, and which will ensure an equivalent or higher level of safety to operations conducted
under current regulatory guidelines:

  1. Operations authorized by the grant of exemption will be limited to the DJI Phantom 2 Vision
         and the DJI Inspire 1 when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed
         operations of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this grant.

  2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are not
         permitted.

  3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the aircraft
         manufacturer.

  4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level (AGL).
         Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.
U.S. Department of Transportation
April 21, 2015
Page 8

  5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times. This
         requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than corrective
         lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or U.S. driver's
         license.

  6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within the
         visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used to satisfy
         the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS capability. The VO and
         PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times. Electronic messaging or texting is not
         permitted during flight operations. The PIC must be designated before the flight and cannot
         transfer his or her designation for the duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO
         can perform the duties required of the VO.

  7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its operations in
         accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of exemption, are
         hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating documents must be
         accessible during UAS operations and made available to the Administrator upon request. If a
         discrepancy exists between the conditions and limitations in this exemption and the
         procedures outlined in the operating documents, the conditions and limitations herein take
         precedence and must be followed. Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as
         outlined in its operating documents. The operator may update or revise its operating
         documents. It is the operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and
         revised documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
         operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension or
         amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update or revision
         would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then the operator must
         petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's UAS Integration Office
         (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding updates or revisions to the operating
         documents.

  8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation a
         functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption. Functional
         test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at least 500 feet
         from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such a manner so as to not
         pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

  9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is in a
         condition for safe operation.

  10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the UAS is in
         a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all potential
         discrepancies, e.g. inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the inspection reveals a
         condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is prohibited from operating
         until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the UAS is found to be in a
         condition for safe flight.
U.S. Department of Transportation
April 21, 2015
Page 9

  11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul, replacement,
         inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and aircraft components.

  12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer safety
         bulletins.

  13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport, commercial,
         private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a current FAA airman
         medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a state, the District of Colombia,
         Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal government. The PIC must also meet the
         flight review requirements specified in 14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is
         rated on his or her pilot certificate.

  14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the ability to
         safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated under this
         exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and maintaining appropriate
         distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC qualification flight hours and
         currency must be logged in a manner consistent with 14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the
         purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs (training, proficiency, and experience-
         building) and determining the PIC's ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent
         with how the UAS will be operated under this exemption are permitted under the terms of
         this exemption. However, training operations may only be conducted during dedicated
         training sessions. During training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons
         not essential for flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate
         the UA with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

  15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
         operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights under
         special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

  16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
         denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not denoted with
         an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current FAA-published
         aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's management is obtained or
         otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption holder. The letter of agreement with
         the airport management must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
         official upon request.

  17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet horizontally
         from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

  18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a pre-
         determined location within the private or controlled-access property.
U.S. Department of Transportation
April 21, 2015
Page 10

  19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

  20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast weather
         conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the intended operation and
         to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve power recommended by the
         manufacturer if greater.

  21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
         operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The exemption
         holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct operations that cannot
         be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

  22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial number,
         registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification (N-Number) markings
         in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must be as large as practicable.

  23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and any
         documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the PIC at the
         Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating. These documents must
         be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

  24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and activities at
         all times.

  25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

  26. All flight operations conducted closer to nonparticipating persons (persons other than the
         PIC or VO), vessels, vehicles, and structures, than the minimum distance requirements of §
         91.119 (b)5 and (c)6, must be conducted using a tether. The operator must ensure that
         nonparticipating persons remain at least 25 feet away from the maximum distance the UAS
         can travel. If a situation arises where nonparticipating persons comes with 25 feet from the
         maximum distance the UAS can travel, flight operations must cease immediately.7 The PIC
         must make a safety assessment of the risk of operating closer to those objects and determine
         that it does not present an undue hazard.

5 (b) Over congested areas. Over any congested area of a city, town, or settlement, or over
any open air assembly of persons, an altitude of 1,000 feet above the highest obstacle within
a horizontal radius of 2,000 feet of the aircraft.
6 (c) Over other than congested areas. An altitude of 500 feet above the surface, except over open
water or sparsely populated areas. In those cases, the aircraft may not be operated closer than 500
feet to any person, vessel, vehicle, or structure.
7 See discussion of tethered UAS operations in Section V(H), supra.
U.S. Department of Transportation
April 21, 2015
Page 11

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with permission
      from the property owner/controller or authorized representative. Permission from property
      owner/controller or authorized representative will be obtained prior to the beginning of every
      flight.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical boundaries
      of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported to the FAA's
      UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be reported to the
      National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions contained on the NTSB Web
      site: www.ntsb.gov.

V. REGULATIONS FROM WHICH EXEMPTION IS SOUGHT

         The Federal Aviation Act expressly grants the FAA the authority to issue exemptions. This

statutory authority, by its terms, includes exempting civil aircraft, as the term is defined under

§ 40101 of the Act, including UASs, from its safety regulations and minimum standards when the
Administrator decides a requested exemption is in the public interest.8

         RTI seeks an exemption from several interrelated provisions of 14 C.F.R. Parts 45, 61 and 91
for purposes of conducting the requested operations using small UASs, including:

FAR                                Description

91.9(c); 45.23(b) and      Aircraft Marking and Identification Requirements
45.27(a)

91.405(a); 91.407(a)(1);   Maintenance and Inspection Requirements
91.409(a)(1) and (2);
91.417(a) and (b)

61.113; 61.101(e)(4) and (5) Private and Recreational Pilot Privileges and Limitations

91.7(a)                    Civil Aircraft Airworthiness

91.9(b)(2); 91.203(a) and  Carrying Aircraft Flight Manual, Certification and Registration in
(b)                        the Aircraft

91.103                     Preflight Action

8 See 49 U.S.C. § 44701(f) (authorizing the grant of exemptions from requirements of regulations
prescribed pursuant to Sections 44701(a) and (b) and Sections 44702 - 44716).
U.S. Department of Transportation
April 21, 2015
Page 12

91.109(a)   Flight Instruction
91.119 (b)  Minimum Safe Altitudes ­ Over Congested Areas
91.119(c)   Minimum Safe Altitudes - Over Other than Congested Areas

91.121      Altimeter Settings

91.151(a)   Fuel Requirements for Flight in VFR Conditions

         Listed below are the specific sections of 14 C.F.R. for which exemption is sought, and the
operating procedures and safeguards that Petitioner has established which will ensure a level of
safety better than or equal to the rules from which exemption is sought.9

         A. 91.9(c), 45.23(b) and 45.27(a): Aircraft Marking and Identification
                  Requirements

         RTI seeks an exemption from the aircraft marking and identification requirements contained
in 14 C.F.R. §§ 91.9(c), 45.23(b) and 45.27(a).

   14 C.F.R. § 91.9(c), Civil Aircraft Flight Manual, Marking and Placard requirements, provides
      that:

         No person may operate a U.S.-registered civil aircraft unless that aircraft is identified
         in accordance with Part 45 of this chapter.

   14 C.F.R. § 45.23(b), Markings of the Aircraft, states:

         When marks include only the Roman capital letter "N" and the registration number is
         displayed on limited, restricted or light-sport category aircraft or experimental or
         provisionally certificated aircraft, the operator must also display on that aircraft near
         each entrance to the cabin, cockpit, or pilot station, in letters not less than 2 inches
         nor more than 6 inches high, the words "limited," "restricted," "light-sport,
         "experimental," or "provisional," as applicable.

     14 C.F.R. § 45.27(a), Rotorcraft, states:

9 See 14 C.F.R. § 11.81(e), which requires a petition for exemption to include:

         The reasons why granting the exemption would not adversely affect safety, or how
         the exemption would provide a level of safety at least equal to that provided by the
         rule from which you seek exemption.
U.S. Department of Transportation
April 21, 2015
Page 13

         Each operator of a rotorcraft must display on that rotorcraft horizontally on both
         surfaces of the cabin, fuselage, boom, or tail the marks required by § 45.23.

         In a prior grants of exemption under Section 333 of the Reform Act, the FAA determined that
exemption from these requirements was warranted provided that the aircraft "have identification (N-
Number) markings in accordance with 14 C.F.R Part 45, Subpart C if the markings are as large as
practicable."10 All UA flown by Petitioner will bear N-number markings that are as large as
practicable in accordance with 14 C.F.R. Part 45, Subpart C.11

         B. 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2); 91.417(a) and (b): Maintenance
                  Inspections

         Petitioner seeks an exemption from the maintenance inspection requirements contained in 14
C.F.R. § 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2); 91.417(a) and (b). These regulations specify
maintenance and inspection standards in reference to 14 C.F.R. Part 43.12 An exemption from these
regulations is needed because Part 43 and these sections only apply to aircraft with an airworthiness
certificate, which the UAS to be operated under this grant of exemption will not have.

         An equivalent level of safety will be achieved because maintenance and inspections will be
performed in accordance with the operating documents and any required manufacturer Safety or
Service Bulletins. Further, as required by the operating documents, the PIC will conduct a pre-flight
inspection of the UAS and all associated equipment to account for all discrepancies and/or
inoperable components. Maintenance will be performed and verified to address any conditions
potentially affecting safe operation of the UAS and no flights will occur unless, and until, all flight
critical components of the UAS have been found to be airworthy and in a condition safe for
operation. A functional test flight will be conducted following the replacement of any flight-critical
components. As required by the operating documents, the PIC who conducts the functional test
flight will make an entry in the UAS aircraft records of the flight.

         The operating documents also includes requirements to follow the UAS manufacturer's
maintenance, overhaul, replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
aircraft components. Moreover, the operating documents also include procedures to document and
maintain a record of the UAS maintenance, preventative maintenance, alterations, status of
replacement /overhaul component parts, and the total time in service of Petitioner's UASs. As a
whole, the maintenance and inspection procedures required by Petitioner's operating documents
ensure that an equivalent or higher level of safety will be achieved.

10 FAA Docket No. FAA-2014-0352.
11 See, e.g., FAA Docket No. FAA-2014-0352, at 14.
12 See, e.g., 14 C.F.R. § 91.405(a) (stating that each owner or operator of an aircraft "[s]hall have the
aircraft inspected as prescribed in subpart E of this part and shall between required inspections
...have discrepancies repaired as prescribed in part 43 of this chapter").
U.S. Department of Transportation
April 21, 2015
Page 14

         C. 61.113, 61.101(e)(4) and (5): Private and Recreational Pilot Privileges and
                  Limitations

         RTI seeks exemption from 14 CFR § 61.113, which restricts private pilot certificate holders
from flying aircraft for compensation or hire, and would also require a second class medical
certificate. The purpose of Part 61 is to ensure that the skill and competency of any PIC matches the
airspace in which the PIC will be operating, as well as requiring certifications if the private pilot is
carrying passengers or cargo for hire. In this case, while the UASs will be operated as part of a
commercial operation, it carries neither passengers nor cargo.

         In the FAA's Section 333 Grant of Exemption to Astraeus Aerial13, the FAA determined that
the unique characteristics of UAS operation outside of controlled airspace did not warrant the
addition cost and restrictions attendant with requiring a the PIC to have a Commercial Pilot
Certificate and Class II Medical Certificate. The fulfillment of the additional requirements for a
private pilot to become qualified as a commercial pilot would not lead to any additional safety
benefits when UAS operations are involved.

         More recently, the FAA determined that holders of recreational and sport pilot certificates
would also have adequate aeronautical knowledge to pilot a UAS. Accordingly, because these
individuals would also be subject to security screening by the Department of Homeland Security
("DHS"), the FAA determined that holders of recreational and sport pilot certificates would be
qualified to serve as the PIC for UAS operations.14

         The restrictions Petitioner has placed on its UAS operations meet or exceed the restrictions
similarly imposed on Astraeus Aerial and other operators in more recently granted exemptions under
Section 333 of the FAA Reform Act. RTI will operate on private property away from persons and
property not involved in the operation. RTI will also require all PICs to be thoroughly trained in the
unique aspects of UAS flight. As set forth in the operating documents, pilots will have experience
not only in UAS operations generally but have logged flight time in the specific make and model
used for the operations before they are permitted to participate in commercial flights on behalf of
RTI. The pilot qualification, training, and currency requirements in the operating documents ensure
that Petitioner's pilots are competent and proficient in the UAS they are operating. The Petitioner's
training and qualification requirements are consistent with those contained in prior FAA issued
grants of exemption, and will provide a higher level of competency and proficiency for its pilots and
will ensure at least an equivalent level of safety.

13 Grant of Exemption No. 11062 (FAA Docket No. FAA-2014-0352).
14 See Grant of Exemption No. 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (Docket No. FAA-2014-0642 at pgs.
8-9).
U.S. Department of Transportation
April 21, 2015
Page 15

         D. 91.7(a): Civil Aircraft Airworthiness

         Inasmuch as there will be no airworthiness certificate issued for the UASs, RTI seeks an
exemption from 14 C.F.R. § 91.7(a), which requires that a civil aircraft be in an airworthy condition
to be operated. While the petitioner's UASs will not have an airworthiness certificate, the FAA has
determined that for the purposes of this exemption the pilot may determine the aircraft is in an
airworthy condition prior to flight. The operating documents contain procedures which allow the
PIC to determine whether the aircraft is in a condition safe for flight, and an exemption from §
91.7(a) is therefore warranted.

         E. 91.9(b)(2): Civil Aircraft Flight Manual in the Aircraft and 91.203(a) and (b):
                  Carrying Civil Aircraft Certification and Registration

         Title 14 C.F.R. § 91.9(b)(2) and § 91.203(a) and (b) require the operator to carry
airworthiness documents and other aircraft manuals onboard the aircraft.

         Pursuant to 14 C.F.R. § 91.9(b)(2):
         (b) No person may operate a U.S.-registered civil aircraft ­
         ...
         (2) For which an Airplane or Rotorcraft Flight Manual is required by § 21.5 of this
         chapter, unless there is available in the aircraft a current approved Airplane or
         Rotorcraft Flight Manual, approved manual material, markings, and placards, or any
         combination thereof.

Pursuant to 14 C.F.R. § 91.203(a) and (b):

         (a) Except as provided in § 91.715, no person may operate a civil aircraft unless it
         has within it the following:

         (1) An appropriate and current airworthiness certificate...

         (b) No person may operate a civil aircraft unless the airworthiness certificate required
         by paragraph (a) of this section or a special flight authorization issued under § 91.715
         is displayed at the cabin or cockpit entrance so that it is legible to passengers or crew.

         Given the small size and configuration of the UASs, it would be impossible to keep
airworthiness documents and other aircraft manuals on board the UAS because there is simply no
room and the UAS has no cabin or cockpit.

         In an FAA Office of Chief Counsel's Opinion dated August 8, 2014, and prepared by Dean E.
Griffith, Attorney, AGC-220, it was acknowledged that the intent of 14 C.F.R. 91.9(b) and 91.203(a)
and (b) is met if the pilot of the unmanned aircraft has access to the UAS flight manual, registration
certificate, and other required documents from the ground control station from which he or she is
U.S. Department of Transportation
April 21, 2015
Page 16
operating the aircraft.15 As this FAA Office of Chief Counsel Opinion clarifies, the intent of the rule
is to ensure the pilot has access to these key documents during flight. Therefore, an equivalent level
of safety will be achieved by ensuring that the pilot has access to the documents at the ground
control station from which he or she is piloting the UAS.16

         F. 91.103: Preflight Action

         Petitioner seeks an exemption from 14 C.F.R. § 91.103, which requires a PIC to become
familiar with specific information before each flight, including information contained in the FAA-
approved Flight Manual on board the aircraft. While the PIC will be familiar with all information
necessary to safely conduct the flight, an exemption is requested to the extent that an FAA-approved
Flight Manual is required.

         Adherence to the requirements in the operating documents will ensure that the UAS is in an
airworthy condition prior to flight. The PIC will perform a series of checklists designed to identify
any defects or inoperable components, which cover pre-flight, take-off, landing and post-flight
procedures. The PIC will also be required to review weather, flight requirements, battery charge,
landing and takeoff distance, UA performance data, and contingency landing areas--before initiation
of flight. Petitioner's operating documents will be kept at the ground control station and will be
accessible to the PIC at all times while operating the UAS.

         G. 91.109(a): Flight Instruction

         Petitioner seeks an exemption from 14 C.F.R. § 91.109(a), which provides in pertinent part
that "[n]o person may operate a civil aircraft (except a manned free balloon) that is being used for
flight instruction unless that aircraft has fully functioning dual controls." UASs and remotely piloted
aircraft, by their design, do not have functional dual controls. Instead, flight control is accomplished
through the use of a device that communicates with the aircraft via radio communications.
Accordingly, an exemption will be required for the flight instruction requirements of 14 C.F.R. §
91.109(a).

15 Memorandum from Mark Bury, FAA Assistant Chief Counsel for International Law, Legislation
and Regulation, to John Duncan, FAA Flight Standards Service (Aug. 8, 2014); see also Docket No.
FAA-2014-0352 at 16-18.
16 See also Exemption No. 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. at pg. 11:

         The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR § 91.9(b)(2): Civil aircraft flight
         manual, marking, and placard requirements and § 91.203(a) and (b): Civil aircraft:
         Certifications required. The FAA has previously determined that relief from these
         sections is not necessary. See Exemption No. 11062. Relevant materials may be kept
         in a location accessible to the PIC in compliance with the regulations.
U.S. Department of Transportation
April 21, 2015
Page 17

         Given the size and speed of the UASs that Petitioner intends to use, an equivalent level of
safe training can still be achieved without dual controls because no pilot or passengers are aboard the
UAS, and as required by the operating documents, all persons will be a safe distance away in the
event that the UAS experiences any difficulties during flight instruction. Moreover, all flight
training will be conducted in controlled and sterile environment. As a whole, the procedures
provided for in the operating documents ensure that UAS flight instruction can be performed safely.

         H. 91.119(b) and (c): Minimum Safe Altitudes

         Petitioner requests an exemption from the minimum safe altitude requirements of 14 C.F.R. §
91.119(b) and 91.119(c), which state:

         Except when necessary for takeoff or landing, no person may operate an aircraft
         below the following altitudes:

         (b) Over congested areas. Over any congested area of a city, town, or settlement, or
         over any open air assembly of persons, an altitude of 1,000 feet above the highest
         obstacle within a horizontal radius of 2,000 feet of the aircraft.

         (c) Over other than congested areas. An altitude of 500 feet above the surface,
         except over open water or sparsely populated areas. In those cases, the aircraft may
         not be operated closer than 500 feet to any person, vessel, vehicle, or structure.

         As set forth in the attached RTI operating documents, RTI has established a set of procedures
that adequately mitigate any risk from operating its UAS under tightly controlled conditions that
warrant a deviation from the minimum distances set forth in these sections. Accordingly, RTI
requests an exemption from this section of the FARs.

         In particular, RTI requests that the minimum distance requirements of 2000' under subsection
(b) and 500' under subsection (c) be lowered. At any time the UAS needs to be flown closer than
these distances to a structure or obstacle that is not the subject of the flight, then RTI will conduct
the operation using a tether. As set forth in the operating documents, the flight location will be
surveyed before flight, and the distance between the center of the operation (i.e. tether point) and all
obstacles will be determined. The aircraft will be securely tethered at a point whereby the length of
the tether is 25' shorter than the distance from the tether point to the closest obstacle. In this way, at
no time will the UAS be capable of contacting the obstacle. In addition, a perimeter security will be
set up to ensure that no persons can enter closer than 25' from the maximum distance the UAS can
travel. This method will provide a superior method of safety beyond the arbitrary restriction of 500'
and 2000' that was designed to ensure the safe operation of helicopters and conventional aircraft.

         In making this request, petitioner is cognizant of the Opinions issued by the FAA Chief
Counsel's Office addressing the question of what constitutes a "congested area" as that term is used
in the FARs. The determination of whether an area is "congested" rests on characteristics of the
area, the presence of persons unassociated with the flight operation, and the characteristics of the
aircraft. See Memorandum from Rebecca MacPherson, Assistant Chief Counsel for Regulations to
James Gardner, Manager, Flight Standards Division (June 18, 2012). For example, in that
memorandum, an inquiry was made whether a helicopter could be used for a large external lift
U.S. Department of Transportation
April 21, 2015
Page 18

operation at an industrial site. The proposed operation would be conducted at the factory, which
normally has a large number of persons, as well as over an open field, a parking lot, and over a "busy
road" surrounding the factory. The operator asked whether it would be permissible to operate at
these locations if they could be turned into "depopulated" areas. The FAA Chief Counsel's Office
indicated that this could be done, so long as precautions were in place to remove the population from
the area and prevent persons from approaching while it was being conducted.

         In summary, the fact that the UASs weighs less than 6 lbs (with payload), will be operating
within VLOS of a PIC and VO, at an airspeed of 87 knots or less with no flammable fuel onboard,
and the standoff requirements for both participating and nonparticipating persons and property in the
operating documents, will ensure the protection of persons and property on the ground--which has
been the purpose of the minimum safe altitudes rule in §91.119 since its inception.

         I. 91.121: Altimeter Settings

         To the extent necessary for RTI to conduct the proposed operations, Petitioner requests an
exemption from 14 C.F.R. § 91.121, which requires a person operating an aircraft to maintain
cruising altitude or flight level by reference to an altimeter that is set to the elevation of the departure
airport or barometric pressure.

         The FAA has stated that an equivalent level of safety to the requirements of 14 C.F.R. §
91.121 can be achieved in circumstances where: (1) the UASs will be operated below 400 feet AGL
or below, (2) within VLOS, (3) where GPS based altitude information is relayed in real time to the
operator at a ground-based on-screen display and, (4) where prior to each flight, a zero altitude
initiation point is established for the PIC to confirm accuracy of the onboard GPS.17

         The UASs that Petitioner intends to use for performing the proposed operations meet all
these operational characteristics. Moreover, the operating documents require the PIC to calibrate the
aircraft's GPS compass prior to each flight operation. As the FAA has determined in circumstances
similar to this Petition for Exemption, Petitioner's UASs and the safety mitigation procedures
contained in the operating documents, ensure that an equivalent level of safety will be achieved, and
a grant of exemption to the requirements of § 191.121 is therefore appropriate.

         J. 91.151(a): Fuel Requirements for Flight in VFR Conditions

         RTI requests an exemption from 14 C.F.R. § 91.151(a)'s fuel requirements for flight in VFR
conditions. Section 91.151 states:

         (a) No person may begin a flight in an airplane under VFR conditions unless
         (considering wind and forecast weather conditions) there is enough fuel to fly to the
         first point of intended landing and, assuming normal cruising speed ­

         (1) During the day, to fly after that for at least 30 minutes; or

17 See Grant of Exemption No. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (FAA-2014-0352 at 21).
U.S. Department of Transportation
April 21, 2015
Page 19

         (2) At night, to fly after that for at least 45 minutes.

         Here, the technological limitations on UAS battery power means that no meaningful flight
operations can be conducted while still maintaining a 30-minute battery reserve. An exemption from
the fuel requirements of 14 C.F.R. § 91.151(a) is therefore required.

         The FAA has previously granted relief from the fuel requirements of § 91.151(a) for flight in
daytime VFR conditions in circumstances similar to those presented in this Petition for Exemption.18
In Exemption No. 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc.19, the FAA determined that a requirement prohibiting
the PIC from beginning a UAS flight unless (considering wind and forecast weather conditions)
there was enough available power for UAS to operate for the intended operational time and to
operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve power recommended by the
manufacturer if greater, would ensure an equivalent level of safety to the fuel requirements of §
91.151(a).20 Petitioner's operating documents impose this same requirement and an exemption from
§ 91.151(a)'s fuel requirements for flight in VFR conditions is therefore appropriate.

VI. DRUG AND ALCOHOL PROGRAM

         RTI will have policies in place to ensure that no person may participate in UAS flight
operations if they are under the influence of alcohol or any drug.

VII. PUBLIC INTEREST

         The public interest will be served by granting RTI's Petition for Exemption. Congress has
established a national policy that favors early integration of UAS into the NAS in controlled, safe
working environments such as those proposed in this Petition. Granting this Petition for Exemption
helps fulfill Congress' goal in passing Section 333(a) through (c) of the Reform Act--the FAA
Administrator's assessment of whether certain UAS may operate safely in the NAS before
completion of the statutorily required rulemaking.

         More importantly however, and as recognized by the FAA in prior grants of exemption
allowing commercial operation of UAS for purposes similar to those described herein, granting the
requested exemptions will significantly improve safety and reduce risk by alleviating the public's
exposure to danger and emissions associated with using manned aircraft to perform equivalent aerial
data collection. Petitioner's UASs are battery powered and create no emissions. Moreover, in the
unlikely event that one of Petitioner's UASs crash, there is no fuel to ignite and explode. Any
accident involving Petitioner's lightweight UASs will present significantly less danger to the pilot
and other individuals on the ground than one involving a full size aircraft. The use of small UASs

18 See e.g., Exemption Nos. 8811, 10808, and 10673.
19 Docket No. FAA-2014-0642.
20 Exemption No. 11213 at pg. 12.
U.S. Department of Transportation
April 21, 2015
Page 20

also improves safety by reducing the risk of serious harm or injury to inspecting engineers and
consultants.

         Moreover, the aerial data collected using RTI UASs will aid in documenting building and
structural damage conditions which, if left unchecked, might lead to a falling debris hazard onto the
public. The public will also benefit from the superior quality of the inspections resulting from aerial
data collected using UASs. Petitioner's UASs will be capable of documenting conditions that may
have been otherwise inaccessible using traditional inspection and survey methods. The use of small
UASs will also reduce the risk of harm to inspecting engineers and consultants by not exposing them
to hazards associated with inspection of dangerous or unsafe physical conditions often present in
buildings and structures that have been damaged, exhibit some defect, or are otherwise deteriorating.

VIII. PRIVACY

         All RTI UAS operations will be conducted in accordance with applicable federal, state, or
local laws regarding privacy. All operations will be conducted over RTI property or private
controlled-access property with permission from the land owner/controller or authorized
representative. Permission from land owner/controller or authorized representative will be obtained
for each flight to be conducted.

IX. NATIONAL SECURITY

         No national security issue is presented by the requested exemptions. Given that the UASs
are exceedingly small and lightweight, have lost-link and geo-fencing capabilities, will operate at
very low speeds, have extremely low payload capacities and carry no flammable, explosive or
otherwise dangerous materials, the operations pose no threat to national security.

X. FEDERAL REGISTER SUMMARY

         Pursuant to 14 C.F.R. Part 11, the following summary is provided for publication in the
FEDERAL REGISTER, should it be determined that publication is needed:

         Petitioner seeks an exemption from the following rules in Title 14 of the Code of Federal
Regulations:

         45.23(b); 45.27(a); 61.113; 61.101(e)(4) and (5); 91.7(a); 91.9(b)(2); 91.9(c); 91.103;
91.109(a); 91.119(b) and (c); 91.121; 91.151(a); 91.203 (a) & (b); 91.405(a); 91.407(a)(1);
91.409(a)(1) & (2); 91.417 (a) & (b).

         The exemption will enhance safety by reducing risk to the general public and property
owners from the substantial hazards associated with using conventional fixed-wing aircraft or,
rotorcraft for aerial data collection.
U.S. Department of Transportation
April 21, 2015
Page 21

         XI. CONCLUSION

         RTI's Petition for Exemption satisfies the criteria articulated in Section 333 of the Reform
Act of 2012, including weight, speed, operating capabilities, proximity to airports and populated
areas, operation within VLOS and national security. The proposed operations in this Petition for
Exemption are similar to those in previously issued grants of exemptions, and they would benefit the
public as a whole by improving safety. In consideration of the foregoing, this Petition for
Exemption provides the FAA with all the necessary justification for granting the requested
exemptions allowing RTI to use small UASs for aerial data collection in support of its forensic
evaluation and infrastructure inspection work.

         We thank you for your prompt consideration of our requested exemptions. Should you have
any questions, or if you need additional information to support the requested exemptions, please do
not hesitate to contact the undersigned.

                                                               Very truly yours,

             Matthew J. Clark
             Mark E. McKinnon
             Lisa M. Ellman

Attachments
U.S. Department of Transportation
April 21, 2015
Page 22

               ATTACHMENT A: DJI PHANTOM 2 VISION SPECIFICATIONS
U.S. Department of Transportation
April 21, 2015
Page 23

                             [THIS PAGE IS LEFT INTENTIONALLY BLANK]
U.S. Department of Transportation
April 21, 2015
Page 24

                       ATTACHMENT B: DJI INSPIRE 1 SPECIFICATIONS
U.S. Department of Transportation
April 21, 2015
Page 25
U.S. Department of Transportation
April 21, 2015
Page 26
U.S. Department of Transportation
April 21, 2015
Page 27
U.S. Department of Transportation
April 21, 2015
Page 28

                             [THIS PAGE IS LEFT INTENTIONALLY BLANK]
U.S. Department of Transportation
April 21, 2015
Page 29

(The following attached items contain proprietary and commercial information exempt from
disclosure under the Freedom of Information Act, 5 U.S.C. § 522 et seq., and should be held in a
separate file pursuant to 14 C.F.R. § 11.35(b)).

Attachments:

RTI UAS Operations Manual

DJI Phantom 2 Vision User's Manual

Smart Flight Battery Safety Guidelines

DJI Quick Start Guide

DJI Pilot Training Guide

DJI Inspire 1 User's Manual

DJI Inspire 1 Safety Guidelines

DJI Inspire 1 Maintenance Manual

DJI Intelligent Flight Battery Safety Guidelines
