September 2, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12718
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­2069

Mr. Russell E. Medley
General Manager
Iris Magic Photo Studios LLC and Iris Magic Media LLC
1042 Suncrest Town Centre
Morgantown, WV 26505

Dear Mr. Medley:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated May 20, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of Iris Magic Photo Studios LLC and Iris Magic Media LLC for an exemption. The
petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct aerial
photography, videography, cinematography, and motion picture productions.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner are the DJI Inspire 1 and DJI Spreading Wings S1000+.
                                                                                                                 2

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1 and closed set motion picture and
filming. The FAA has issued grants of exemption in circumstances similar in all material
respects to those presented in your petition. In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus
Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352), 11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and
11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the
enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned aircraft (UA) with the specifications described
by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or crew, rather than a manned aircraft of
significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA
good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Iris Magic Photo Studios LLC and Iris Magic Media
LLC are granted an exemption from 14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5),
61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1),
91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                                                 3

operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection and closed set motion picture and filming.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Iris Magic Photo Studios LLC and Iris Magic Media LLC are
hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Inspire 1 and
         DJI Spreading Wings S1000+ when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload.
         Proposed operations of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to
         amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
         must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
                                                                                                            4

    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
                                                                                                            5

    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
                                                                                       6

exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial

    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must

    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical

    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
                                                                                               7

reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
    as documented in this grant of exemption.

30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
    exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
    District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
    notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
    must include at least the following:
      a. Dates and times for all flights;
      b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
          under this grant of exemption;
      c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
          the UAS;
      d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
      e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
      f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
          and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
          who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
      g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
      h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
          town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
          essential to accomplish the operation.

31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons

    consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
    exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                                                 8

This exemption terminates on September 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,
/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
May 20, 2015  Section 333 Exemption Petition - IRISMAGIC

U.S. Department Of Transportation
Docket Management System
12000 New Jersey Ave, SE
Washington, DC 20590

From:
Iris Magic Photo Studios LLC & Iris Magic Media LLC
Russell E. Medley III
1042 Suncrest Town Centre
Morgantown, WV 26505
Office: 304.241.5562
Mobile: 304.777.8408
Email: emery@irismagic.com

Re: Exemption Request Section 333 of the FAA Reform Act of the Federal Aviation
Regulations from: 14 C.F.R. 45.23(b); 14 C.F.R. Part 21;14 C.F.R. 61.113(a)&(b);
91.7(a); 91.9(b) (2); 91.103(b); 91.105; 91.109; 91.119; 91.121; 91.151(a);
91.203(a)&(b); 91.405(a); 91.407(a) (1); 91.409(a) (2); 91.417(a)&(b)

Dear Sir or Ma'am,

I, Russell E. Medley on behalf of Iris Magic Media LLC, herewith known as the
petitioner, am writing pursuant to the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 and
the procedures contained within 14 C.F.R. 11, to request that I, an owner and operator
of small unmanned aircraft, be exempted from the Federal Aviation Regulations
("FARs") listed below so that I may operate my small ultra light weight unmanned
aircraft system ("sUAS") commercially in airspace regulated by the Federal Aviation
Administration ("FAA").
The petitioner has over 7 years operating UA as a hobby, enthusiast, and for IrisMagic
Media LLC. While at Norfolk State University, I received 6 credit hours in Airway
Science. While in the U.S. Army, I received Certification as an Aerial Delivery and
Materials Officer at Fort Lee, VA, and obtained The Parachute Rigger Badge also at
Fort Lee,Va. I have experience flying RC aircraft and in particular have been flying RC
quadcopter for over three and a half years and other RC aircraft prior to that. I have
over 300 hours experience flying RC quadcopters of the type referenced in this
document.

The petitioner has in his possession two semi professional grade quadcopters sUAS
with an integrated 4k still/video camera system with intent for aerial videography/
cinematography to enhance academic community awareness, produce wedding films
and videos, sports photography, music and motion picture productions and other flight
operations, following exemption and approval by the FAA. The petitioner has instilled
safety protocols and controls to avoid and prevent public hazard. The petitioner believes
that his background in airway science and years of producing wedding and sports films,
professional videography can assist the FAA in developing operational and safety
May 20, 2015  Section 333 Exemption Petition - IRISMAGIC

protocols for lightweight UAS's as their integration into the national airspace system is
explored and developed.

I and on behalf of Iris Magic Media LLC, I am interested in operating small unmanned
aircraft systems (sUAS) commercially in airspace regulated by the Federal Aviation
Administration (FAA) for the purposes of aerial photography, videography/
cinematography and other responsible flight operations that could be performed safely
and more cost effectively with the use of a small sUAS at low altitude within the U.S.
national airspace system as compared to a manned aircraft. Commercial operations will
be performed only at the request of and with the authorization and permission of clients,
communities or their authorized agents in order to facilitate commerce and raise
awareness of the responsible and beneficial uses of small unmanned air systems. So
long as such operations are conducted within and under the conditions outlined herein
or as may be established by the FAA as required by Section 333.

Granting my request comports with the Secretary of Transportation's (FAA
Administrator's) responsibilities and authority to not only integrate UAS's into the
national airspace system, but to "...establish requirements for the safe operation of such
aircraft systems [UAS's] in the national airspace system" under Section 333(c) of the
Reform Act specific to the use of UAS's for real estate and other community related
purposes. Further I will conduct my operations in compliance with the protocols
described herein or as otherwise established by the FAA.

For the reasons stated below the petitioner respectfully requests the grant of an
exemption allowing me on behalf of Iris Magic Media LLC to operate ultra light weight,
remote controlled UAS's for the purpose of enhancing academic community awareness,
producing wedding films and videos, sports photography, music and motion picture
productions and other flight operations,
May 20, 2015                  Section 333 Exemption Petition - IRISMAGIC

I. Contact Information:

Iris Magic Photo Studios
Russell E. Medley
1042 Suncrest Town Centre DR
Morgantown, WV 26505
Office: 304.241.5562
Mobile: 304.777.8408
Email: emery@irismagic.com

II. The Specific Sections of Title 14 of the Code of Federal Regulations From
Which The Petitioner Requests Exemption are:

14 C.F.R. 45.23(b);           Aircraft markings
14 C.F.R. 21; Subpart H       Certification procedures; Airworthiness
14 C.F.R. 61.113(a)&(b);      Certificates Pilots, Flight Instructors and
91.7(a);                      Ground Instructors Airworthiness
91.9(b) (2);                  certificate
91.103(b)(2);                 Aircraft flight manual
91.105;                       Preflight action
91.109;                       Flight crew members at stations
91.119;                       Flight instruction
91.121;                       Minimum safe altitudes
91.151(a);                    Altimeter settings
91.203(a)&(b);                Fuel requirements for flights in VFR
91.405(a);                    conditions Aircraft certifications and
91.407(a) (1);                registrations Maintenance required
91.409(a) (1) &(2);           Operation after maintenance
91.417(a)&(b)                 Inspections
                              Maintenance records
May 20, 2015  Section 333 Exemption Petition - IRISMAGIC

III. The Extent Of Relief The Petitioner Seeks And The Reason He Seeks Such
Relief:

These are in accordance with FAA Publication: Public Guidance for Petitions for
Exemption Filed under Section 333 (Rev. 9/25/14). The petitioner submits this
application in accordance with the Reform Act, 112 P.L. 95 §§ 331-334, seeking relief
from any currently applicable FARs operating to prevent the petitioner from
contemplated commercial videographic, academic and other flight operations within the
national airspace system (NAS). The Reform Act in Section 332 provides for such
integration of civil unmanned aircraft systems into our national airspace system as it is
in the public's interest to do so. The petitioner's ultra light weight sUAS meets the
definition of "small unmanned aircraft" as defined in Section 331 and therefore the
integration of my ultra lightweight sUAS is expressly contemplated by the Reform Act. I
would like to operate my ultra lightweight sUAS's prior to the time period by which the
Reform Act requires the FAA to promulgate rules governing such craft. My airway
science background and commercial videography background applied to UAS's can
provide direct experience and valuable information to develop requirements and
protocols for formal regulation that can be administered regarding various applications
related to UAS aerial video and photography. The Reform Act guides the Secretary in
determining the types of UAS's that may operate safely in our national airspace system.
Considerations include: The weight, size,
speed and overall capabilities of the UAS's; Whether the UAS will be operated near
airports or heavily populated areas; and, whether the UAS will be operated by line of
sight. 112 P.L. 95 § 333 (a). Each of these items reflect in favor of an exemption for the
petitioner.
Similar exemptions to Gary, J Huett (No. 11595), Astraeus Aerial (No. 11062) and
Douglas Trudeau (No. 11138), as well as others have been recently granted that cover
the same relief from regulations as requested in this petition for exemption. The above
two, amongst other, petitions have been reviewed with the petitioner's exemption being
substantially similar to that of Douglas Trudeau in use of the UAS for local community
related matters rather than professional movie making.

A. 14 C.F.R. 21 and 14 C.F.R. 91: Airworthiness Certificates, Manuals and The
    Like.

14 C.F.R. 21, Subpart H, entitled Airworthiness Certificates, sets forth requirements for
procurement of necessary airworthiness certificates in relation to FAR § 91.203(a)(1).
May 20, 2015  Section 333 Exemption Petition - IRISMAGIC

The size, weight and enclosed operational area of the petitioners UAS permits
exemption from Part 21 because the UAS meets (and exceeds) an equivalent level of
safety pursuant to Section 333 of the Reform Act. The FAA is authorized to exempt
aircraft from the airworthiness certificate requirement under both the Act (49 U.S.C. §
44701 (f)) and Section 333 of the Reform Act. Both pieces of legislation permit the FAA
to exempt UAS's from the airworthiness certificate requirement in consideration of the
weight, size, speed, maneuverability and proximity to areas such as airports and dense
populations. The petitioners UAS meets or exceeds each of the elements.
14 C.F.R. 91.7(a) prohibits the operation of an aircraft without an airworthiness
certificate. As no such certificate will be applicable in the form contemplated by the
FARs, this regulation is inapplicable. Proper maintenance will be regularly applied to
keep the UAS airworthy.

14 C.F.R. § 91.9 (b) (2) requires an aircraft flight manual in the aircraft. As there are no
on board pilots or passengers, and given the size of the UAS's, this Regulation is
inapplicable. An equivalent level of safety will be achieved by maintaining a safety/flight
manual as presented in this document delineating areas of where safety can be defined.
The FAA has previously issued exemptions to this regulation in Exemption Nos. 8607,
8737, 8738, 9299, 9299A, 9565, 9565B, 10167, 10167A, 10602, 10700 and 32827.

14 C.F.R. § 91.121 regarding altimeter settings is inapplicable insofar as my UAS has
no altimeter settings. It, however, utilizes electronic global positioning systems with a
barometric sensor providing instantaneous telemetry to the PIC as to the altitude (AGL)
of the UAS above the takeoff location.

14 C.F.R. § 91.203 (a) and (b) provides for the carrying of civil aircraft certifications and
registrations. They are inapplicable for the same reasons described above. The
equivalent level of safety will be achieved by maintaining any such required
certifications and registrations by the petitioner.

B. 14 C.F.R. § 45.23: Marking of The Aircraft.

Applicable Codes of Federal Regulation require aircraft to be marked according to
certain specifications. My UAS is, by definition, unmanned. It, therefore, does not have
a cabin, cockpit or pilot station on which to mark certain words or phrases. Further, two-
inch lettering is difficult to place on such small aircraft with dimensions smaller that
minimal lettering requirement. Regardless, I will mark the UAS in the largest possible
lettering by placing an N number registered with the FAA on its fuselage so that I the
pilot, or anyone assisting me as a spotter with the UAV will see the markings. The FAA
has previously issued exemptions to this regulation through Exemptions Nos. 8738,
10167, 10167A and 10700.

C. 14 C.F.R. § 61.113: Private Pilot Privileges and Limitations: PIC.

Pursuant to 14 C.F.R. §§ 61.113 (a) & (b), private pilots are limited to non-commercial
operations. The petitioner can achieve an equivalent level of safety as achieved by
May 20, 2015  Section 333 Exemption Petition - IRISMAGIC

current regulations because my UAS does not carry any pilots or passengers. Further,
while helpful, a commercial pilot license will not ensure remote control piloting skills. The
PIC also possesses over 300 hours experience flying the UAS in a variety of locations
and conditions. The risks attendant to the operation of my UAS are far less than the risk
levels inherent in the commercial activities outlined in 14 C.F.R. § 61, et seq. Thus,
allowing the petitioner, a licensed Private Pilot with a current Third Class Medical
Certificate to operate my UAS commercially meeting and exceeding current safety
levels in relation to 14 C.F.R. §61.113 (a) & (b).

D. 14 C.F.R. 91.105: Flight Crew Members at Stations

Since there is no flight crew onboard the UAS, the above-cited regulation is
inapplicable. However, in keeping with the direction of the regulation, the PIC of the
UAS and VO will be at their respective crew member stations on the ground during
takeoff and landing as well as the complete duration of the flight.

E. 14 C.F.R. 91.119: Minimum Safe Altitudes.

14 C.F.R. § 91.119 prescribes safe altitudes for the operation of civil aircraft. It allows
helicopters to be operated at lower altitudes in certain conditions. My UAS will never
operate at an altitude greater than 400 feet AGL unless other altitude limits are
forthcoming by the FAA. The petitioner will operate the UAS in a manner protecting the
public and any consenting participants, providing a level of safety at least equivalent to
or below those in relation to minimum safe altitudes. Given the size, weight,
maneuverability and speed of my UAS, an equivalent or higher level of safety will be
achieved.

F. 14 C.F.R. 91.405 (a); 407 (a) (1); 409 (a)(1)&(2); 417(a) & (b): Maintenance
Inspections.

The above-cited Regulations require, amongst other things, aircraft owners and
operators to "have [the] aircraft inspected as prescribed in subpart E of this part and
shall between required inspections, except as provided in paragraph (c) of this section,
have discrepancies repaired as prescribed in part 43 of this chapter. . . ." These
Regulations only apply to aircraft with an airworthiness certificate. They will not,
therefore, apply to the petitioners UAS. However, as a safety precaution I inspect my
UAS regularly as well as before and after each flight and have a maintenance program
that involves regular software updates and curative measures for any damaged
hardware. Therefore, an equivalent level of safety will be achieved.

IV. How The Petitioners Request Will Benefit the Public As A Whole:

Aerial videography for weddings, community awareness, marketing, music videos,
academic training, sports films, and other flight operations has been around for many
years through manned fixed wing aircraft and helicopters. For small budget operations,
local community awareness and the average business/homeowners, the expense and
May 20, 2015  Section 333 Exemption Petition - IRISMAGIC

operation of such aerial videography can be both cost and logistically prohibitive. Only
large companies, In addition, attempting to get still photos, much less high quality,
stabilized video of a community, home, farm, or business is often logistically difficult or
impossible using a full size aircraft or helicopter due to flight restrictions, ground
proximity, trees and other hindrances, not to mention highly intrusive noise levels and
other drawbacks to the neighboring community. Also, the physical logistics of
maneuvering a full sized fixed wing aircraft or helicopter adds an element of risk and
danger due to the possibility of crashing and ensuing fire. The proper use of an ultra
lightweight, battery powered, GPS stabilized, UAS removes that element of danger,
while at the same time making available the opportunity to acquire high quality images
and video to the community at an economical cost. New perspectives and creative
presentations of features of the community are made available that were not previously
possible. This opens up a whole new economic avenue for community awareness,
development and enhancement in many areas, some yet to be explored and
discovered, similar to the advent of aviation. The lower cost and greater utility facilitates
a whole new dimension to community related presentation options that were previously
not available.

Congress has already proclaimed that it is in the public's interest to integrate
commercially flown UAS's into the national airspace system, hence the passing of the
Reform Act. Granting the petitioners exemption request furthers the public interest
through academic/visual awareness, decreased risk to the public and newly accessible
scales of economy. Our ultra lightweight UASs are battery powered and creates no
emissions that can harm the environment. The consequence of our ultra lightweight
UASs crashing is far less than a full size helicopter or fixed wing aircraft; which are
heavy, contain combustible fuel and can cause catastrophic devastation to the public.
Due to their size, limited maneuverability, and flight limitations manned aircraft also
cannot provide the community with the versatile, high quality, stabilized video/
cinematography that can be gained through the responsible operation of a small UAS.

Some specific areas where the petitioner's use of a UAS may benefit the public as a
whole are:

    · Aerial videography/cinematography to enhance academic community awareness -
    community events, outdoor functions, business promotions, video productions
  · Other flight operations ­ other areas that may develop

The public's interest is furthered by minimizing ecological and crash threat by permitting
aerial video/photo capture through my battery operated ultra lightweight UAS. Permitting
the petitioner to immediately fly within national air space stimulates economic growth in
the community. In addition, due to my UAS and Airway experience, the petitioner can
knowledgeably relate back to the FAA valuable input to establish requirements and
protocols for the proper integration of UAS's into the national airspace system.
May 20, 2015  Section 333 Exemption Petition - IRISMAGIC

V. Reasons Why Granting the Petitioners Exemption Will Not Adversely Affect
Safety Or How The Exemption Will Provide a Level of Safety At Least Equal To
Existing Rule:
The following information is provided for the FAA to effectively analyze the petitioner's
sUAS operation with regard to safety:

Our, Iris Magic Media LLC / Iris Magic Photo Studios LLC, exemption will not adversely
affect safety. Quite the contrary, for the reasons stated permitting us, Iris Magic to log
more flight time in FAA controlled airspace, with communication with the FAA, will allow
us to contribute to the innovation and implementation of new and novel, as of yet
undiscovered safety protocols for Wedding Photographers and Videographers. In
addition We, Iris Magic, submit the following representations of enhancements to
current aerial videography and photography:

· Our UAS weighs less than 15 pounds complete with gimbal and high resolution
    Panasonc GH4 Cameras and well factory mounted cameras;

· We only operate our UAS below 300 feet (well within the 400 foot permissible ceiling
    set by the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012);

· Our UAS only operate for 10-15 minutes per flight;
· We land our UAS prior to manufacturer recommended minimum level of battery

    power;
· We pilot our UAS through remote control only by line of sight;
· Our UAS has GPS a flight safety feature whereby it hovers and then slowly lands
· if communication with the remote control pilot is lost;
· We actively analyze flight data and other sources of information to constantly update

    and enhance safety protocols;
· We only operate in reasonably safe environment that are strictly controlled, are away

    from power lines, elevated lights, airports and actively populated areas;
· We conduct extensive pre-flight inspections and protocol, during which safety carries

    primary importance;
· We always obtain all necessary permissions prior to operation; and,
· We have procedures in place to abort flights in the event of safety breaches or

    potential danger.

The two UAS systems we use are manufactured by DJI (www.dji.com):

-INSPIRE 1 & Spreading Wings S1000+ (equipped with panasonic gh4)
http://www.dji.com/product/inspire-1
http://www.dji.com/product/spreading-wings-s1000-plus

VI. A Summary The FAA May Publish in the Federal Register:

14 C.F.R. 21 and 14 C.F.R. 91: Airworthiness Certificates, Manuals and The Like. 14
C.F.R. 21, Subpart H, entitled Airworthiness Certificates, sets forth requirements for
procurement of necessary airworthiness certificates in relation to FAR § 91.203(a)(1).
The size, weight and limited operational area of my UAS permits exemption from Part
May 20, 2015  Section 333 Exemption Petition - IRISMAGIC

21 because the petitioner's UAS meets an equivalent level of safety pursuant to Section
333 of the Reform Act. The FAA is authorized to exempt aircraft from the airworthiness
certificate requirement under both the Act (49 U.S.C. § 44701 (f)) and Section 333 of the
Reform Act. Both pieces of legislation permit the FAA to exempt UAS's from the
airworthiness certificate requirement in consideration of the weight, size, speed,
maneuverability and proximity to areas such as airports and dense populations. My
UAS meets or exceeds each of the elements. 14 C.F.R. 91.7(a) prohibits the operation
of an aircraft without an airworthiness certificate. As no such certificate will be applicable
in the form contemplated by the FARs, this Regulation is inapplicable. 14 C.F.R. § 91.9
(b) (2) requires an aircraft flight manual in the aircraft. As there are no pilots or
passengers, and given the size of the UAS's, this Regulation is inapplicable. An
equivalent level of safety will be achieved by maintaining a manual. The FAA has
previously issued exemptions to this regulation in Exemption Nos. 8607, 8737, 8738,
9299, 9299A, 9565, 9565B, 10167, 10167A, 10602, 10700 and 32827. 14 C.F.R. §
91.121 requires altimeter settings in the aircraft. Since there are no such settings
possible and the UAS provides real- time GPS and barometric telemetry to the PIC, this
regulation is inapplicable. 14 C.F.R. § 91.203 (a) and (b) provides for the carrying of civil
aircraft certifications and registrations. This regulation is inapplicable as to the small size
of the UAS, however, the petitioner will maintain any required certifications and
registrations. 14 C.F.R. § 45.23: Marking of The Aircraft. Due to the small size of the
UAS, two inch lettering is inapplicable. However, an N- number as large as possible,
registered with the FAA will be put on the fuselage. 14 C.F.R. § 61.113: Private Pilot
Privileges and Limitations: PIC. The risks attendant to the operation of my UAS are far
less than the risk levels inherent in the commercial activities outlined in 14 C.F.R. § 61,
et seq. Thus, allowing the petitioner, a licensed Private Pilot with a current Third Class
Medical Certificate to operate my UAS commercially meeting and exceeding current
safety levels. 14 C.F.R. 91.105: Flight Crew Members at Stations. The PIC of the UAS
and the VO will remain at their respective stations during takeoff and landing as well as
the duration of the flight. 14 C.F.R. 91.119: Minimum Safe Altitudes. My UAS will not
operate at an altitude greater than 400 feet AGL unless other altitude limits are
forthcoming by the FAA. The petitioner will operate the UAS in a manner protecting the
public and any consenting participants, providing a level of safety at least equivalent to
or below those in relation to minimum safe altitudes. 14 C.F.R. 91.405 (a); 407 (a) (1);
409 (a)(1)&(2); 417(a)
& (b): Maintenance Inspections. These Regulations only apply to aircraft with an
airworthiness certificate. They will not, therefore, apply to the petitioner's UAS. However,
as a.
safety precaution I inspect my UAS regularly as well as before and after each flight and
have a
maintenance program that involves regular software updates and curative measures for
any
damaged hardware. Therefore, an equivalent level of safety will be achieved.

In summary, the petitioner seeks an exemption from the following Regulations:
May 20, 2015  Section 333 Exemption Petition - IRISMAGIC

14 C.F.R. 21, subpart H; 14 C.F.R. 45.23(b); 14 C.F.R. §§ 61.113 (a) & (b); 14 C.F.R. §
91.7
(a); 14 C.F.R. § 91.9 (b)(2); 14 C.F.R. § 91.103(b); 14 C.F.R. § 91.105; 14 C.F.R. §
91.109; 14
C.F.R. § 91.119; 14 C.F.R. § 91.121; 14 C.F.R. § 91.15l(a); 14 C.F.R. §§ 91.203(a) and
(b);
14 C.F.R. § 91.405 (a); 14 C.F.R. § 91.407 (a)(l); 14 C.F.R. § 91.409 (a)(1)&(2); 14
C.F.R. §
91.409 (a) (2); and, 14 C.F.R. §§ 91.417 (a) & (b) to commercially operate the
petitioners
small unmanned vehicle/lightweight unmanned aircraft vehicle for aerial videography/
cinematography/photography, to enhance academic community awareness, produce
wedding films and videos, sports photography, music and motion picture productions
and other flight operations.

Sincerely,

Russell E. Medley III, PIC, General Manager
Iris Magic Media LLC / Iris Magic Photo Studios
