May 13, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 11578
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­0369

Mr. Thomas L. Gemmell
Counsel for Sanborn Map Company, Inc.
Husch Blackwell LLP
120 South Riverside Plaza, 22nd Floor
Chicago, IL 60606

Dear Mr. Gemmell:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

The Basis for Our Decision

By letter dated February 6, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA)
on behalf of Sanborn Map Company, Inc. (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an
exemption. The petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to
conduct aerial surveying operations.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.
                                                                                                2

Discussion of Public Comments:

The FAA received one individual comment in opposition to the petition. In granting this
exemption, the FAA has determined that the proposed operations can safely be conducted
under the conditions and limitations of this exemption. As with exemptions issued to Aeryon
Lab, Astraeus Aerial, Clayco, Inc., and VDOS Global, LLC, failure to comply with the
document's conditions and limitations is grounds for immediate suspension or rescission of
the exemption.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a Leptron Avenger.

In accordance with the statutory criteria provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in
reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited
operating area associated with the aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation
has determined that this aircraft meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA
finds that the relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts,
Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing
requirements of part 36, is not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection. The FAA has issued grants of

exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or

crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in

addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled

by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

· They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

· The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

· A grant of exemption is in the public interest.
                                                                                        3

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Sanborn Map Company, Inc. is granted an exemption
from 14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a),
91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a)
and (b), to the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data
collection. This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Sanborn Map Company, Inc. is hereafter referred to as
the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the Leptron Avenger
    when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any
    other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
    not permitted.

3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
    exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
    compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
    airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
    aircraft manufacturer.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
    electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
                                                                                                            4

    must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
    required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.
                                                                                              5

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.
                                                                                                            6

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

    The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
    nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
                                                                                               7

Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
    reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
    contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
    as documented in this grant of exemption.

30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
    exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
    District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
    notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
    must include at least the following:
      a. Dates and times for all flights;
      b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
          under this grant of exemption;
      c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
          the UAS;
      d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
      e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
      f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
          and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
          who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
      g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
      h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
          town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
          essential to accomplish the operation.

31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
    consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
    exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                   8

This exemption terminates on May 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.
Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service
                    Sanborn Map Company's Petition for Exemption
             For Purposes of Operating Small Unmanned Aircraft System

                                     FAA Rules Docket: ____________

Name and Address of Petitioner  Counsel for Petitioner

Sanborn Map Company, Inc.       Thomas L. Gemmell
1935 Jamboree Drive, Suite 100  HUSCH BLACKWELL LLP
Colorado Springs, CO 80920      120 South Riverside Plaza, 22nd Floor
                                Chicago, Illinois 60606
                                (312) 526-1523
                                tom.gemmell@huschblackwell.com

CHI-42313-1
A. Summary
         The Sanborn Map Company, Inc. seeks exemption from the requirements of 14 C.F.R. §§

45.27(a), 61.113(a) and (b), 91.7(a), 91.105, 91.119(c), 91.121(a)(1)(iii), 91.151(b), 91.405(a),
91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b). This exemption will permit The
Sanborn Map Company, Inc. to operate an unmanned aircraft system while keeping the
documents required by the regulations at the ground control station and immediately accessible
to the pilot in command. Furthermore, the exemption will relieve The Sanborn Map Company,
Inc. from the airworthiness certificate standards and the requirement to have a certificate of
airworthiness issued for its UAS. This exemption will also permit any required markings
concerning the operational status of the UAS to be displayed on the fuselage of the unmanned
aircraft.
B. Introduction

         The Sanborn Map Company, Inc. (hereinafter referred to as "Sanborn") is a 148 year-old
design, geospatial and infrastructure management firm with a long and well-recognized history in
mapping and surveying. Sanborn excels in the collection of aerial imagery from manned, fixed-
wing aircraft for the purpose of making highly accurate aerial maps for a range of clients and
various applications. In addition to operating a fleet of conventional fixed-wing aircraft, Sanborn
has recently acquired a Leptron Avenger Unmanned Aircraft System (hereinafter referred to as
the "Leptron Avenger"). As set forth in this Petition, Sanborn seeks to operate its Leptron
Avenger for the special purpose of aerial surveying, continuing an established legacy that has
always sought the highest standards of operations and safety.

         Pursuant to 14 C.F.R. § 11.81 (Petition for Exemptions.), Sanborn provides the following
information in support of its petition:

             2

CHI-42313-1
C. Background
         1. LEPTRON AVENGER
         Sanborn seeks an exemption to operate a Leptron Avenger for compensation or hire

within the national airspace system ("NAS")1. The Leptron Avenger is comprised of an airborne
unmanned aircraft and a transportable ground station. The Leptron Avenger has a maximum
gross weight of approximately 35 pounds, while having a wingspan of 72.5 inches and a length
of 58 inches. The Leptron Avenger unmanned aircraft is equipped with two rotors driven by a
Lithium-ion Polymer battery powered 10W electric motor.

              Figure 1 depicts the Leptron Avenger with registration number displayed in
                                     accordance with 14 C.F.R. Part 45.

         2. Proven Operational History of the Leptron Avenger in the NAS.
1 Sanborn has reserved registration number N824LP, and will submit an Aircraft Registration
Application upon the grant of the exemptions sought by this petition.

                                                          3

CHI-42313-1
         The Leptron Avenger is currently operating safely within the NAS pursuant to

approximately fourteen (14) Certificates of Authorization ("COA") granted by the Federal

Aviation Administration ("FAA") to the Middle Tennessee State University; Sinclair Community

College in Dayton, Ohio; the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers (Jacksonville District, for operations

in South Florida); Mississippi State University for the Pearl River Basin; and the University of

Florida.

D. Basis for Petition

         Sanborn, by and through undersigned counsel, pursuant to Federal Aviation Regulations
(FAR) (14 C.F.R. § 11.61)2 and the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 ("FMRA"),

Section 333, Special Rules for Certain Unmanned Aircraft Systems ("Section 333"), hereby

respectfully petitions the Administrator for an exemption from the requirements of 14 C.F.R. §§,

45.27(a), 61.113(a) and (b), 91.7(a), 91.105, 91.119(c), 91.121(a)(1)(iii), 91.151 (b), 91.405(a),

91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), 91.417(a) and (b).

         1. Section 333

         Congress identifies Section 333 as a pathway for "expedited operational authorization" of

certain unmanned aircraft systems ("UAS") in the national airspace system (NAS). Section
332(b)(1) ("expedited operational authorization.").3 Under Section 333 Congress mandates that

the FAA "shall determine if certain unmanned aircraft systems may operate safely in the national

airspace system before completion of the plan and rulemaking required by section 332 of this

Act or the guidance required by section 334 of this Act" (Section 333(a)) upon consideration of

its "size, weight, speed, operational capability, proximity to airports and populated areas, and
2 14 C.F.R. § 11.61(b) ("Using a petition for exemption, you may ask FAA to grant you relief
from current regulations in 14 C.F.R.")
3 See also www.faa.gov/uas/legislative_programs/section_333/ (noting that Section 333 grants
the FAA "the statutory flexibility to expedite requirements for the safe operation of certain
aircraft systems in the NAS.").

                                                          4

CHI-42313-1
operation within visual line of sight." Section 333(b)(1). If the FAA makes such a determination,

the FAA "shall [also] establish requirements for the safe operation." Section 333(c). The FAA

further may find that the UAS does not require "airworthiness certification under section 44704 of

title 49, United States Code." Section 333(b)(2).

         2. 49 U.S.C. § 44701

         The FAA is further authorized to grant exemptions from its safety regulations and

minimum standards under 49 U.S.C. § 44701 ("Section 44701") "if the Administrator finds

the exemption is in the public interest." Section 44701(f) (authorizing the grant of

exemptions from safety regulations and minimum standards under section 44701(a) and (b) and
sections 44702-44716).4

         For the reasons addressed herein, this Petition qualifies for expedited approval of

Sanborn's request for exemption under both Sections 333 and 44701.

E. The Leptron Avenger UAS Meets the Statutory Criteria for Exemption under
         Section 333
         Given its small size, light weight, slow speed, limited load capacity, superior

operational capabilities, and that the operations will be conducted only during the day, under

visual meteorological conditions ("VMC"), within visual line of sight ("VLOS") of the Pilot In

Command ("PIC") with the assistance of a visual safety observer ("VO") and not in the proximity

of airports or populated areas, the Leptron Avenger UAS is the very sort of UAS that qualifies

for expedited approval under Section 333.

         1. Section 333(b)(1) Criteria

                  a. Size

4 See e.g. 49 USC §44711(a) ((1) prohibiting operations without airworthiness certificate; (2)
prohibiting serving as airman without airman's certificate; (5) prohibiting commercial operations
in violation of regulations); 49 USC §44704 (issuance of airworthiness certificate); 14 C.F.R.
§91.203 (a)(1) (carry airworthiness certificate)).

                                                          5

CHI-42313-1
The Leptron Avenger measures approximately 19.75 inches in height and 58 inches

wide, with a wingspan of 72.5 inches.

             b. Weight

The Leptron Avenger has a maximum gross weight of 35 lbs.

             c. Speed

The Leptron Avenger has a maximum autopilot limited speed of approximately 12

Meters per second (m/s). However, Sanborn typically operates the aircraft at below 10 m/s

             d. Operational Capability

The Leptron Avenger was specially designed for high or low altitude surveillance,

photography, and sensor management. Supported by electric batteries that are rechargeable, the

Leptron Avenger can fly for up to 2 hours and carry a variety of cameras or sensors. Other

Operational metrics of the Leptron Avenger are as follows:

Unmanned Aircraft The Leptron Avenger is an UAS that is comprised of an unmanned

             System      aircraft and a transportable ground station.

             Serial No.  LEP822

Unmanned Aircraft Rotor Diameter: 72.25 in.

             Dimensions  Length: 83.93 in.

Engine (Propulsive Engine (Propulsive Unit)

             Unit)       The aircraft uses a 10,000 Watts electric main motor and a 2,200 watt

                         tail motor

                         Electric-powered propulsion systems.
                          a. Type of Motor - 395 KV Electric Main, 900 KV Electric tail
                          b. Current draw range ­ Total System current draw cruise = 30
                               Amps and Max total system current draw = 360 Amps
                          c. All electrical demands are derived from the unmanned aircraft's
                               battery system.

                         Make: LEPTRON-AVGR

                         Model: 1000

                                            6

CHI-42313-1
              Propeller and    FAA Propeller Type Certificate: None
             Propeller Limits
                               Propeller Type: 2-blade, hinged (folding), carbon fiber reinforced
                               plastic, fixed pitch, tractor

                               Diameter (Nominal): 17.25 in.

Battery Command & Thunder Power Air Vehicle Battery P/N Leptron 6S powers the

             Control           motor, and battery command and control.

Airspeed Limits                Vne (Never Exceed Speed) 12 m/s)

                               Vno (Maximum Structural Cruising Speed) 48 knots (25 m/s)

                               Va (Maneuvering Speed) 12 m/s knots (25 m/s)

                               Landing Speed: VTOL ­ Vertical 1.5 M/s

Empty Weight C.G. 3-3.5 inches for or aft of datum
        Range

             Datum             Center of main rotor shaft

Maximum Weights 14.52 KG/32 lbs.

Empty Weight                   4.99 KG/11 lbs.

                               NOTE: Empty Weight Excludes weight of battery and payload
                               modules.

             Frequencies       902-928 MHz (ISM Band)
                               2.4 GHz (ISM Band)

                               NOTE: FCC license is not required to utilize the above
                               frequencies; uplink and downlink are on the 900Mhz band. If
                               video is utilized, uplink, downlink, and video are all on
                               2.4 Ghz.

Computer Software              Avionics embedded processor ­ UTC Aerospace Cloud Cap
                               Technologies

Max. Operating Altitude 20,000 ft. +

             Control Surface   MAIN ROTOR ­ VARIABLE PITCH                   +/-5
                Movements      TAIL ROTOR ­ VARIABLE PITCH                   +12/-12°

                                                7

CHI-42313-1
Nominal Endurance    30 minutes above 32 °F (0 °C)

Ambient Outside Air  15 minutes below 32 °F (0 °C)
Temperature (OAT)
                     Maximum OAT: 120 °F (49 °C)
  Wind Limitation
    Maintenance      Minimum OAT At Altitude: 0°F

                     40 MPH

                     This Leptron Avenger must be maintained in accordance with the
                     Leptron Maintenance Operation Manual, or later FAA accepted
                     revision.

                  e. Proximity of Airports/Populated Areas
         Flight operations pursuant to this Petition will be tightly controlled and restricted to
Class G airspace, which is defined as earth surface up to 1,200 feet above ground level and earth
surface to the base of controlled airspace (Class B, C, D, and E), and not in the proximity of
airports or populated areas. The Leptron Avenger will not be operated within 5 nautical miles of
the geographic center of a non-towered airport unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
management is obtained, such letter to be made available to the Administrator upon request, and
the operation is conducted in accordance with a NOTAM as required by the operator's COA.
Operations will avoid congested or densely populated areas and comply with 14 C.F.R. 91.119.

                  f. Visual Line-of-Sight
         The Leptron Avenger will at all times be flown by Sanborn only in the daytime (not at
night) under VMC within VLOS of the PIC (typically within a range less than 500 feet) with the
further assistance of a VO with whom the PIC will have the ability for direct and continuous
verbal communications5 so as to ensure that the flight operations remain within the PIC's VLOS

5 VO will at all times be in proximity of PIC so as to allow direct verbal communications. In
addition, the PIC and VO will maintain direct communications through cell or push-to-talk
communications capability throughout the duration of flight.

                                                          8

CHI-42313-1
and prescribed flight boundaries and deconflict with objects in the air and on the ground. Thus,

pursuant to the FAA's Interim Operational Approval Guidelines for UAS the proposed

operations provide an approved method of control and collision avoidance to satisfy the "see and

avoid" requirement of 14 C.F.R. § 91.113:

While considerable work is ongoing to develop a certifiable "detect, sense, and avoid"
system, no current solution exists. Compliance with the "see and avoid" aspect of 14
C.F.R. 91.113, Right-of-Way Rules: Except Water Operations, becomes one of the
primary issues in UAS operational approvals. As a result, alternate methods of
compliance are required to accomplish the "see and avoid" function. See and avoid risk
mitigation strategies are normally based on the use of visual observers or other methods
of segregation.

Interim Operational Approval Guidance 08-01, Unmanned Aircraft Systems Operations in the

U.S. National Airspace System (March 13, 2008) at 8. Only qualified and current PIC's and

VOs, as provided in the FOD (as defined below), will be used.

2. Other Factors

             a. Leptron Avenger Safety Systems

The Leptron Avenger UAS is replete with mechanisms to ensure safe operations and

protect persons and property on the ground. In addition to having experienced operator/PIC and

VO, the Leptron Avenger UAS has a variety of inherent safety systems, including:

             · Redundant Communications: The Avenger has (2) simultaneous communications

             links that allow for backup and safe operations. This includes a 2.4 GHz wireless

             hand held radio and a 900 MGhz laptop ground station link. Both links must be

             terminated to execute a `Lost Communication' return home logic.

             · Flight Plan Altitude Settings: The Avenger has the ability for the operators to set

             Maximum and Minimum flight altitudes for a specific flight `corridor' for safe

             operations.

             · Flight Logic: The Avenger has the ability for the operators to set safety return

                                           9

CHI-42313-1
             logic including: Exceeding a pre-set flight timer, Loss of GPS, Loss of

             Communications, Max and Min Altitude, and Low Voltage.

             · Ground Station Warnings: The Avenger Ground station has many visual operator

             cues for error conditions such as low RSSI strength, low battery, low RPM, low

             system parameters, and many other real time conditions. The system also offers

             color coded `Dashboard' lights for the operator.

             · Double Entry: The Avenger Ground Station has double entry response window

             for all in-flight parameter changes. This allows the user to not send incorrect

             information without a two verification mouse clicks.

             b. Flight Operations Documents

To ensure consistent safety operations, Sanborn has developed a comprehensive and

detailed set of flight operations documents (FOD) for the Leptron Avenger UAS based on

Sanborn's extensive use and experience, procedures and notices provided by the UAS

manufacturer, and guidance the FAA has provided to obtain exemption under Section 333. The

FOD is comprised of the Sanborn Standard Operating Procedures, the Sanborn Maintenance and

Safety Manual, the Leptron Remotely Piloted Vehicle Operators Manual, and the Leptron

Inspection and Maintenance Manual. See Exhibit A (submitted on a confidential basis).

In seeking this exemption, Sanborn proposes to operate the Leptron Avenger pursuant to

the following specific operating limitations, as also addressed in the FOD:

1. Flight operations are permitted only in Class G Airspace.

2. The Leptron Avenger shall only be operated below 1,200 feet above ground level (AGL)

3. The Leptron Avenger shall be operated within line of sight of the pilot in command and

safety observer.

4. The Leptron Avenger shall be operated pursuant to Day Visual Flight Rules (VFR) in

                  10

CHI-42313-1
visual meteorological conditions (VMC). The Leptron Avenger shall be operated only

during daylight hours (i.e. between the end of morning civil twilight and the beginning of

evening civil twilight, as published in the American Air Almanac, converted to local

time).

5. The duration of each flight shall not exceed 1.5 hours, or with 20% battery power

remaining, whichever occurs first.

6. The Leptron Avenger shall operate from on-site takeoff/landing locations directly next to

the pilot in command and co-located VO. The pilot in command and the VO shall be able

to verbally communicate during all operations. If the operation is from a watercraft, the

pilot in command and VO shall remain co-located on the same watercraft.

7. Operation of the Leptron Avenger with any inoperative instruments or equipment is

prohibited.

8. The Leptron Avenger shall be operated pursuant to 14 C.F.R. Part 91, operating

requirements.

9. For the proposed flight operation, only one Leptron Avenger shall be airborne at any

given time.

10. The PIC shall give the local Air Traffic Control (ATC) a single pre-flight call with the

location, approximate start time, and approximate finish time of the operation. The PIC

shall notify the local ATC upon completion of the operation.

11. For any flight operations over U.S. Government or state managed lands, Sanborn shall

coordinate with the appropriate authority and ensure that the property owners have at least

twelve (12) hours of advance notice prior to the proposed flight operations. Coordination

shall include anticipated periods of operation, purpose of the flights, and contact

information for the operator should questions or issues arise.

                                    11

CHI-42313-1
12. The UA shall be marked with an identification (N-Number) in accordance with 14 C.F.R.

§ 45.23, such markings to be as large as practicable pursuant to 14 C.F.R. § 45.29(f), and

identified by a serial number registered in accordance with 14 C.F.R. Part 47.

13. The UA shall only be operated at or below an airspeed of 12 Meters Per Second.

14. Prior to performing any flight operations, the PIC and VO shall have successfully

completed a qualifying process, as provided in the FOD.

15. Prior to performing any flight operations, a flight demonstration administered by an

operator-qualified PIC and provided in the FOD, shall be performed and successfully

completed. Documentation of such demonstration shall be made in the aircraft records

and such records shall be made available to the Administrator upon request.

16. The UA shall not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet horizontally

from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

17. The UA shall at all times remain clear and yield the right of way to all other manned

operations and activities (e.g. gliders, ultralights, parachutes).

18. The radio frequency spectrum used for operation and control of the UA shall comply

with the requirements of the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) or other

appropriate government oversight agency.

19. Any time the UA is operating, all documents required under 14 C.F.R. § 91.9 and §

91.203 shall be available to the PIC at the GCS. Such documents shall be made available

to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

20. The UAS shall not be operated by the PIC from any moving vehicle or device; however

the UAS may be operated by the PIC from a stationary watercraft.

21. The UA shall not be operated directly over any person, except authorized and consenting

personnel involved in the flight/filming operations, below an altitude that is hazardous to

             12

CHI-42313-1
persons or property on the ground in the event of a UAS failure or emergency.

22. The UA shall at all times be operated to ensure a safe distance away from all

participating and non-participating personnel.

23. Other than for takeoff and landing, the UA shall be operated at least 100 feet away from

persons involved in the flight/filming operations (participating persons), such

participating persons shall at all times be essential to the flight/filming operations and

have provided prior written consent to their participation in such operations. This

distance may be reduced to no less than 30 feet if it would not adversely affect safety and

such person provides his/her prior consent.

24. The UA shall at all times be operated 500 feet away from persons not involved in the

flight/filming operations (non-participating persons). This distance may be reduced to no

less than 200 feet if it would not adversely affect safety and such person provides his/her

prior consent.

25. Prior to each flight the PIC shall inspect the UAS, including for any inoperable

components, items or equipment, to ensure the UAS is in a condition for safe flight. If

the inspection reveals a condition that affects safe operations, the UAS shall not be

operated until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the UAS is found to be

in a condition for safe flight. Any discrepancies and all maintenance or alterations shall

be documented in the aircraft records, such records to be made available to the

Administrator upon request.

26. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alternations that affect the UAS operation

or flight characteristics, e.g. replacement of a flight critical component, shall undergo a

functional test flight in accordance with the FOD. The operator shall make an entry in

the UA record of such test flight.

                                    13

CHI-42313-1
27. Record of the UAS maintenance, preventive maintenance, alternations, status of

replacement/overhaul component parts, and the total time in service of the UAS shall be

documented and maintained in accordance with the FOD.

28. Except as may be designated otherwise for FailSafe operations, the UA shall take off and

land at a location within the boundaries of the subject property next to the PIC.

29. Upon loss of communication or GPS signal, the UA shall return to a predetermined

location within the boundaries of the landowner's property and land or be recovered in

accordance with the FOD.

30. In the event of an emergency or unanticipated obstacle to planned operations, the UAS

operation shall be aborted and the UA, if airborne, shall return to a predetermined

location.

31. The PIC shall possess at least a private pilot certificate and at least a current third-class

medical certificate, and prior to operations shall have met the FAA's currency and

recency of experience requirements.

32. Prior to operations, the PIC shall have accumulated and logged (in a manner consistent

with 14 C.F.R. § 61.51(b)) a minimum of 200 flight cycles and 25 hours of total time as a

UAS rotorcraft pilot and at least ten (10) hours as a UAS pilot with a similar UAS type

(dual-rotor), such log of which shall be made available to the Administrator upon request.

33. Prior to operations, the PIC shall have accumulated and logged (in a manner consistent

with 14 C.F.R. § 61.51(b)) a minimum of five (5) flight hours as a UAS pilot operating

the make and model of UAS to be used for operations under the exemption (e.g. Leptron

Avenger) and three (3) take-offs and three (3) landings in the preceding 90 days, such log

of which shall be made available to the Administrator upon request.

34. The UAS shall be maintained in accordance with the Leptron Inspection & Maintenance

                                     14

CHI-42313-1
Manual, including any amendments or updates thereto. All amendments or updates shall

be tracked and a record of such amendments or updates shall be maintained and made

available to the Administrator upon request.

35. All maintenance to be performed on the UAS shall be performed by a technician

qualified pursuant to the criteria provided in the FOD.

36. The UAS shall comply with all manufacturer safety bulletins.

37. Prior to conducting any operations, the operator shall obtain a Certificate of Waiver or

Authorization (COA). Pursuant to such COA, operator shall request of a Notice to

Airman (NOTAM) not more than 72 hours in advance, but not less than 48 hours prior to

the operation.

38. At least three (3) days before scheduled operations, operator shall submit a written Plan

of Activities to the local Flight Standards District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over

the area of proposed operations, such submission of which may be waived with the

concurrence of the FSDO. If required by the FSDO to be submitted, the Plan of

Activities shall include: dates and times for all flights; operator's and on-scene flight

operator's name and phone number; UAS make, model and serial or N-number; PIC's

name and certificate number; statement that the operator has obtained permission from

property owners and/or local officials to conduct the operations (such list of those who

gave permission to be made available upon request); description of the planned flight

activity, including, as applicable, maps or diagrams of the area, city, town, county and/or

state over which the operation will be conducted, and the altitudes essential to

accomplish the operation; signature of the exemption holder or representative.

39. The UA shall not operate within 5 nautical miles of the geographic center of a non-

towered airport unless a letter of agreement with that airport's management is obtained,

                15

CHI-42313-1
such letter to be made available to the Administrator upon request, and the operation is

conducted in accordance with a NOTAM as required by the operator's COA.

40. Any incident, accident or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical

boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA shall be reported to

the FAA's UAS Integration Office within 24 hours. Accidents shall also be reported to

the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB). Further flight operations shall not be

conducted until the incident, accident or transgression is reviewed by UAS Integration

Office and authorization to resume operations is provided.

41. The UAS shall be operated pursuant to the FOD, such manual to be made available to the

Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the FOD and the conditions

and limitations directed by the Administrator in granting the exemption, the conditions

and limitation in the exemption shall take precedence and be followed.

             c. Privacy

Sanborn will comply with all federal, state, and/or local privacy regulations that may

apply in the areas in which Sanborn will operate the Leptron Avenger pursuant to this Petition.

Further, Sanborn's policy, as outlined in the FOD, is to avoid any operations that might

invade personal privacy.

             d. Physical Security

In order to ensure its safe and proper use, Sanborn will be the only operator of the UAS

and the UAS will at all times remain in Sanborn's custody.

3. Sanborn's History of Safe Operations Flying the Leptron Avenger UAS

Sanborn has amassed nearly 10,000 fixed-wing flight hours in the past four years of

aerial surveying with only one accident and has conducted local test flights of the Leptron

Avenger UAS by FAA certified pilots checking operations, flight deconfliction and safety

                                   16

CHI-42313-1
procedures of over 50 hours.
        4. Lack of Threat to the NAS, Public, or National Security
         Those reasons addressed, including meeting Section 333(b)(1) criteria, Sanborn's

established record of safety, operations pursuant to the FOD, and the other factors discussed,
demonstrate that the Leptron Avenger UAS will be operated safely in the NAS without creating a
hazard to other aircraft or persons or property on the ground or pose a threat to national security.

         For all of these reasons, Sanborn's proposed operations using the Leptron Avenger qualify for
expedited approval of the sought exemption pursuant to Section 333 for the specified uses and
under the proposed operating requirements and restrictions.
F. Sanborn's Operations Pursuant to This Petition Qualify for Exemption Under

         Section 44701.
          Granting Sanborn's request for exemption would benefit the public and have no
 adverse effect on safety. Accordingly, Sanborn's operations pursuant to this Petition also
 qualify for an exemption from the FAA's related safety regulations under Section 44701.
         1. Public Interest Benefits
         The public would greatly benefit from granting Sanborn's petition for exemption so it
can use the Leptron Avenger UAS. The Leptron Avenger is a battery powered UAS that serves
as a safe, efficient, and economical alternative to manned aircraft traditionally use for aerial
surveying. No pilot or crew need be airborne, thereby providing for superior safety to persons
and property in the air and on the ground than that provided by manned aircraft performing the
same operations. Granting the exemption would also reduce the number of manned aircraft in
the NAS and, as a result, reduce the environmental impact of such operations, as well as provide
for better aerial imaging and production and, as a result, a more robust economy. Using the
Leptron Avenger also provides the benefit of greater operational flexibility and reduced cost when

             17

CHI-42313-1
compared to manned aircraft.
                  (a) Increased Aircrew Safety and Reduced Risk to Persons/Property On Ground

         Because the Leptron Avenger is unmanned, the proposed operations eliminates the risk to
pilot and crew associated with flying such aerial-surveying missions at low altitude, in confined
airspace. Further, given its small size and weight and low airspeed, using the Leptron Avenger also
reduces the risk of damage or injury to persons or property on the ground, and in the air, were there
to be a mishap.

                  (b) Reduced Environmental Impact
         Using the Leptron Avenger UAS instead of manned aircraft also benefits the public by
eliminating or greatly reducing air and noise pollution associated with traditional aerial surveying
operations. Because it is battery powered (using rechargeable batteries) and uses electric motors,
the Leptron Avenger UAS consumes no fuel and generates no air pollution, and creates very little
noise. As a result, the public is benefited as a result of reduced environmental impact, reduced
operator and other human exposure, and greater fuel conservation, which serves additionally
to support our government's specific efforts to reduce the U.S.'s carbon footprint.6

                  (c) Fewer Manned Aircraft In NAS and Reduced Need for ATC Handling
         The Leptron Avenger also does not require a runway or helipad to takeoff or land and
will not be operated within the proximity of any airports. As such, fewer aircraft will need to be
handled by air traffic control during ground, takeoff, departure, arrival, and landing phases.
Operations pursuant to this Petition (unmanned, VLOS, below 1,200' AGL, and not within
proximity to airports) will further reduce the number of manned aircraft flying or transiting at or
above 500' AGL to and from the areas of surveying operations as well as congestion around

6 Reducing the U.S.'s carbon footprint is a high priority and consistent with the U.S. Environmental
Protection Agency's regulatory efforts to phase out the use of fossil fuels.

                                                         18

CHI-42313-1
airports due to aircraft arrival and departure.

             (d) Superior Aerial Imagery and Increased Benefit to U.S. Economy

Better aerial footage can also be obtained using the small and nimble Leptron Avenger than

can be obtained using manned aircraft or other ground-based methods. Due to its small size and

superior flight performance characteristics, the Leptron Avenger allows for images to be taken from

certain locations and angles and with better precision than using manned aircraft. As a result, less

time is needed in the air to obtain the desired footage, which in addition to providing the benefit of

fewer aircraft in the NAS and associated reduced risk to objects and persons and property in the air

and on the ground, reduced noise, etc., allows for the production of surveys, which benefits

consumers. This additionally ensures that companies such as Sanborn and its customers remain

competitive and profitable, thereby providing their employees greater job stability, which

ultimately contributes further to the U.S. economy through increased consumer spending.

             (e) Increased Operational Flexibility and Reduced Cost

Using the Leptron Avenger also provides the benefit of greater operational flexibility and

reduced cost when compared to manned aircraft. Instead of each time having to hire a manned

aircraft at thousands of dollars/hour, subject to the pilot's schedule and availability, Sanborn can

operate the Leptron Avenger, which it has purchased and outfitted at lower combined cost,

innumerable times and at the convenience of Sanborn's and its customers schedules.

2. No Adverse Safety Effects

Granting Sanborn's Petition will also not adversely affect aviation safety or pose any

undue risks to the public. The operations pursuant to this Petition will be in accordance with

Sanborn's FOD and in compliance with all applicable public safety requirements. Accordingly,

and as detailed herein, granting the requested exemption would not adversely affect safety.

Indeed, as detailed below, operations pursuant to the limitations and guidelines addressed herein

                                                 19

CHI-42313-1
and in the FOD will provide an equivalent or even higher level of to those regulations from
which Sanborn seeks exemption.

         T he FAA has previously granted exemptions in circumstances similar, in all material
respects, to those presented herein. See Exemption Nos. 11062, 11063, 11064, 11065, 11066,
11066A, 11067, 11067A, 11109, 11110, 11111, 11112, 11114, 11136, 11138, 11150, 11153, 11156,
11157, 11158, 11159, 11160, 11161.

         For all of these reasons, Sanborn's operations pursuant to this Petition also qualify for an
exemption under Section 44701.
G. Exemptions Sought By Sanborn And Reasons For The Requested Relief

         Pursuant to Section 333, Sanborn seeks an exemption from the requirements of 14 C.F.R.
§§ 45.27(a), 61.113(a) and (b), 91.7(a), 91.105, 91.119(c), 91.121(a)(1)(iii), 91.151(b), 91.405(a),
91.407(a)(1) and (2), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), 91.417(a) and (b).

         1. Section 45.27(a). Location of marks; nonfixed-wing aircraft.
          Section 45.27, entitled Location of marks; nonfixed-wing aircraft, subsection (a) states
 (emphasis added):
          (a) Rotorcraft. Each operator of a rotorcraft must display on that rotorcraft horizontally
          on both surfaces of the cabin, fuselage, boom, or tail the marks required by § 45.23.
         To the extent subsection 45.27(a) may be deemed to apply to the Leptron Avenger UAS,
Sanborn seeks an exemption from the subsection (i.e., that the marks be displayed on both surfaces
of the cabin, fuselage, boom, or tail) because the Leptron Avenger UA is of insufficient size to
accommodate any such marking. Thus marking the Leptron Avenger UA as required by this
subsection would not be possible.
          An equivalent level of safety can be provided instead by marking the Leptron Avenger
 UA, as may be applicable, with lettering as large as practicable (14 C.F.R. § 45.29(f)) on its

             20

CHI-42313-1
 largest available surface so as to permit such marking to be displayed to pilot, crew, and
 others both when the Leptron Avenger UA is on the ground and airborne.

          2. Section 61.113(a) and (b). Private pilot privileges and limitations: Pilot in
                  command.

         Sanborn seeks an exemption from 14 C.F.R. 61.113(a) and (b). Section 61.113, entitled
Private pilot privileges and limitations: Pilot in command, subsections (a) and (b) state
(emphasis added):

         (a) Except as provided in paragraphs (b) through (h) of this section, no person who holds
         a private pilot certificate may act as pilot in command of an aircraft that is carrying
         passengers or property for compensation or hire; nor may that person, for compensation
         or hire, act as pilot in command of an aircraft.
         (b) A private pilot may, for compensation or hire, act as pilot in command of an aircraft
         in connection with any business or employment if:
         (1) The flight is only incidental to that business or employment; and
         (2) The aircraft does not carry passengers or property for compensation or hire.
         In general, subsections 61.113 (a) and (b) prohibit a private pilot from conducting
commercial operations. Sanborn seeks exemption from the subsections because the UAS will
not carry a pilot, passengers or property (other than a camera). As addressed, the Leptron
Avenger is a very light, remotely controlled UAS with no persons or property on board. The
area of operations is generally remote or sparsely populated. Each flight is planned and fully
coordinated in advance in accordance with those procedures provided in the FOD. Thus the risk
associated with the proposed operations is so diminished from that associated with commercial
operations contemplated by Part 61, that allowing a P I C having a private pilot certificate, rather
than a commercial certificate, met the minimum flight hour and qualification criteria, and
operating according to the limitations and guidelines provided herein, provides a level of safety
that exceeds that provided by a pilot having a commercial certificate operating a conventional

             21

CHI-42313-1
aircraft as required under the regulations.

T he FAA has previously granted exemptions in circumstances similar, in all material

respects, to those presented herein. See Exemption Nos. 11062, 11063, 11064, 11065, 11066,

11066A, 11067, 11067A, 11109, 11110, 11111, 11112, 11114, 11136, 11138, 11150, 11153, 11156,

11157, 11158, 11159, 11160, 11161.

3. Section 91.7(a). Civil Aircraft Airworthiness.

Either finding that Sanborn meets the Section 333 criteria or exemption from the

airworthiness certification requirement under 14 C.F.R. Part 21 renders subsection 91.7(a)

inapplicable.

Section 91.7, entitled Civil aircraft airworthiness, subsection (a) states (emphasis added):

"No person may operate a civil aircraft unless it is in an airworthy condition." There is no FAA

standard by which such a determination of airworthiness can be made. Nonetheless, given the

limitations and procedures, as contained herein, and in the FOD, for maintaining the aircraft and

checking it before each flight to ensure that it is in peak operational condition, an equivalent

level of safety will be provided.

 4. Section 91.105. Flight crewmembers at stations.
Sanborn seeks an exemption from 14 C.F.R. 91.105. Section 91.105, entitled Flight

crewmembers at stations, states (emphasis added):

(a) During takeoff and landing, and while en route, each required flight crewmember
shall--

(1) Be at the crewmember station unless the absence is necessary to perform duties in
connection with the operation of the aircraft or in connection with physiological needs;
and

(2) Keep the safety belt fastened while at the crewmember station.

(b) Each required flight crewmember of a U.S.-registered civil aircraft shall, during
takeoff and landing, keep his or her shoulder harness fastened while at his or her
assigned duty station. This paragraph does not apply if--

                                             22

CHI-42313-1
(1) The seat at the crewmember's station is not equipped with a shoulder harness; or

(2) The crewmember would be unable to perform required duties with the shoulder
harness fastened.

In general, Section 91.105 requires pilot and crew to be at their duty stations and

harnessed during flight. Sanborn seeks exemption from the Section 91.105 because the Leptron

Avenger UA is by definition an unmanned aircraft, having neither pilot nor crew so as to be

stationed or harnessed as required by the regulation. An equivalent or even higher level of safety

can be provided instead by using an unmanned aircraft controlled by a PIC who at all times is

located at and controls the UAS from the GCS.

5. Section 91.119(c). Minimum safe altitudes.

Sanborn seeks an exemption from 14 C.F.R. 91.119(c). Section 91.119, entitled Minimum

safe altitudes: General, subsection (d) states (emphasis added):

Except when necessary for takeoff or landing, no person may operate an aircraft below
the following altitudes:

***

(c) Over other than congested areas. An altitude of 500 feet above the surface, except
over open water or sparsely populated areas. In those cases, the aircraft may not be
operated closer than 500 feet to any person, vessel, vehicle, or structure.

Section 91.119(c) establishes safe altitudes for operation of civil aircraft over other than

congested areas. Sanborn seeks exemption from subsection 91.119(c) because, pursuant to this

Petition, the Leptron Avenger UA will at times be operated below 500' AGL.

An equivalent or even higher level of safety can be provided instead by, as provided

herein, operating so as to deconflict with manned vehicles operating above 500' AGL, within the

VLOS of the PIC with the assistance of a VO so as to ensure the safety of and deconfliction with

any persons or property in the air and on the ground, including participating and non-

participating personnel, 100 feet and 500 feet, respectively, away from who the UA would

                                               23

CHI-42313-1
generally be restricted. Further the Leptron Avenger UAS flight operations will be monitored

at all times by both the PIC and VO and will be in compliance with local public safety

requirements, so as to prevent access to the restricted areas of operation.

The FAA has previously granted exemptions in circumstances similar, in all material

respects, to those presented herein. See Exemption Nos. 11062, 11063, 11064, 11065, 11066,

11066A, 11067, 11067A, 11109, 11110, 11111, 11112, 11114, 11136, 11138, 11150, 11153, 11156,

11157, 11158, 11159, 11160, 11161.

6. Section 91.121(a)(1)(iii). Altimeter settings.

Sanborn seeks an exemption from 14 C.F.R. 91.121(a)(1)(iii). Section 91.121, entitled

Altimeter settings, states in relevant part (emphasis added):

(a) Each person operating an aircraft shall maintain the cruising altitude or flight level of
that aircraft, as the case may be, by reference to an altimeter that is set, when operating--

(1) Below 18,000 feet MSL, to--

***

(iii) In the case of an aircraft not equipped with a radio, the elevation of the departure
airport or an appropriate altimeter setting available before departure

Subsection 91.121(a)(1)(iii) requires persons operating an aircraft to maintain altitude by

reference to an altimeter set "to the elevation of the departure airport or an appropriate altimeter

setting available before departure." Sanborn seeks exemption from subsection 91.121(a)(1)(iii)

because the Leptron Avenger UA does not use or have on board a typical barometric altimeter as

contemplated by the regulation. Instead, the Leptron Avenger UAS has a laser altimeter to

maintain altitude.

An equivalent level of safety will be provided instead by operating the UA below

1,200' AGL within the VLOS of the PIC (with the assistance of a VO) with laser altimeter

information downlinked from the UA to the PIC to maintain altitude and ensure safety. Prior to

                                    24

CHI-42313-1
each flight, a zero altitude/AGL will be established at the launch site, as confirmed for accuracy
by the PIC.

         7. Section 91.151(b). Fuel requirements for flight in VFR conditions.
         Sanborn seeks an exemption from 14 C.F.R. 91.151(b). Section 91.151(b), entitled Fuel
requirements for flight in VFR conditions, states (emphasis added):
         (b) No person may begin a flight in a rotorcraft under VFR conditions unless
         (considering wind and forecast weather conditions) there is enough fuel to fly to the first
         point of intended landing and, assuming normal cruising speed, to fly after that for at
         least 20 minutes.
         The Leptron Avenger is an unmanned aircraft, and thus would not begin a flight with a
person in it as the regulation contemplates. To the extent the regulation applies to the Leptron
Avenger, an equivalent level of safety can be achieved instead by limiting the Leptron Avenger
flights to 1.5 hours or 20% battery power, whichever occurs first, as provided in the FOD. Given
that the Leptron Avenger UA, has a maximum weight of approximately 32 pounds and will fly at
approximately 12m/s, will be operated within the VLOS of the PIC, this restriction would provide
more than enough battery reserve to accommodate a safe return to the landing zone from
anywhere in the operating area with no adverse effect on the safety of persons and property in
the air or on the ground.
         See also e.g. Exemption Nos. 2689, 5745, 10650 (granted exemption to manned aircraft to
operate at less than the minimums prescribed in Section 91.151) and Exemption Nos. 8811,
10808, 10673 (granted similar relief for UAS for day VFR conditions).

         8. Sections 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), 91.417(a) and (b).
                  Maintenance inspections and recording.

Section 91.405(a), entitled Maintenance required, states:

         Each owner or operator of an aircraft--

             25

CHI-42313-1
         (a) Shall have that aircraft inspected as prescribed in subpart E of this part and shall
         between required inspections, except as provided in paragraph (c) of this section, have
         discrepancies repaired as prescribed in part 43 of this chapter;

Section 91.407(a)(1), entitled Operation after maintenance, preventive maintenance, rebuilding,

or alteration, states:

         (a) No person may operate any aircraft that has undergone maintenance, preventive
         maintenance, rebuilding, or alteration unless--

         (1) It has been approved for return to service by a person authorized under § 43.7 of this
         chapter;

Section 91.409 (a)(1) and (2), entitled Inspections, states:

         (a) Except as provided in paragraph (c) of this section, no person may operate an aircraft
         unless, within the preceding 12 calendar months, it has had--

         (1) An annual inspection in accordance with part 43 of this chapter and has been
         approved for return to service by a person authorized by § 43.7 of this chapter; or

         (2) An inspection for the issuance of an airworthiness certificate in accordance with part
         21 of this chapter.

         No inspection performed under paragraph (b) of this section may be substituted for any
         inspection required by this paragraph unless it is performed by a person authorized to
         perform annual inspections and is entered as an "annual" inspection in the required
         maintenance records.

Section 91.417(a) and (b), entitled Maintenance records, state:

         (a) Except for work performed in accordance with §§ 91.411 and 91.413, each registered
         owner or operator shall keep the following records for the periods specified in paragraph
         (b) of this section:

         (1) Records of the maintenance, preventive maintenance, and alteration and records of
         the 100-hour, annual, progressive, and other required or approved inspections, as
         appropriate, for each aircraft (including the airframe) and each engine, propeller, rotor,
         and appliance of an aircraft. The records must include--

         (i) A description (or reference to data acceptable to the Administrator) of the work
         performed; and

         (ii) The date of completion of the work performed; and

             26

CHI-42313-1
         (iii) The signature, and certificate number of the person approving the aircraft for return
         to service.

         (2) Records containing the following information:

         (i) The total time in service of the airframe, each engine, each propeller, and each rotor.

         (ii) The current status of life-limited parts of each airframe, engine, propeller, rotor, and
         appliance.

         (iii) The time since last overhaul of all items installed on the aircraft which are required
         to be overhauled on a specified time basis.

         (iv) The current inspection status of the aircraft, including the time since the last
         inspection required by the inspection program under which the aircraft and its appliances
         are maintained.

         (v) The current status of applicable airworthiness directives (AD) and safety directives
         including, for each, the method of compliance, the AD or safety directive number and
         revision date. If the AD or safety directive involves recurring action, the time and date
         when the next action is required.

         (vi) Copies of the forms prescribed by § 43.9(d) of this chapter for each major alteration
         to the airframe and currently installed engines, rotors, propellers, and appliances.

         (b) The owner or operator shall retain the following records for the periods prescribed:

         (1) The records specified in paragraph (a)(1) of this section shall be retained until the
         work is repeated or superseded by other work or for 1 year after the work is performed.

         (2) The records specified in paragraph (a)(2) of this section shall be retained and
         transferred with the aircraft at the time the aircraft is sold.

         (3) A list of defects furnished to a registered owner or operator under § 43.11 of this
         chapter shall be retained until the defects are repaired and the aircraft is approved for
         return to service.

         In general, these regulations require that an airworthy certificated aircraft be inspected as

prescribed in 14 C.F.R. Part 91, Subpart E (Maintenance, Preventive Maintenance, and

Alterations), any discrepancies be repaired and the aircraft be approved for return to service as

prescribed in Part 43 (Maintenance, Preventive Maintenance, Rebuilding, and Alterations) and

that any work on the aircraft be recorded and such records maintained.

             27

CHI-42313-1
Sanborn seeks an exemption because, as addressed, the Leptron Avenger UA will operate

pursuant to this Petition without airworthiness certification. An equivalent level of safety can be

provided instead by requiring, as provided herein, that inspections and maintenance be

accomplished according to the inspection, maintenance, and preflight sections of the FOD

including the Leptron Inspection & Maintenance Manual. As provided in the FOD, among

other things, the UAS will be inspected prior to each flight to confirm that it is in good

working order, any maintenance or repairs will be performed and logged, and, upon any work

being performed on the UA, the UA will be checked and approved for flight by qualified Sanborn

personnel before being returned to service. No pilot or crew need be airborne flying a heavy,

fuel-ladened aircraft, thereby providing for superior safety to persons and property in the air and

on the ground. Further, all flights will be conducted during the day below 1,200' AGL within the

VLOS of the PIC with the assistance of a VO so as to ensure deconfliction with objects in the air

and on the ground. Given the Leptron Avenger UA's light weight, slow speed and low-altitude

operations there is little risk of any damage to persons or property in the air or on the ground should

a maintenance issue present itself when airborne. Accordingly, any risk associated with using the

Leptron Avenger UAS as proposed is significantly reduced when compared to that presented by

using manned aircraft to conduct the same operations.

T he FAA has previously granted exemptions in circumstances similar, in all material

respects, to those presented herein. See Exemption Nos. 11062, 11063, 11064, 11065, 11066,

11066A, 11067, 11067A, 11109, 11110, 11111, 11112, 11114, 11136, 11138, 11150, 11153, 11156,

11157, 11158, 11159, 11160, 11161.

H. A Summary That Can Be Published In The Federal Register, stating:

The Rules From Which Sanborn Seeks Exemption:

The Sanborn Map Company, Inc. seeks exemption from the requirements of 14 C.F.R. §§

                                    28

CHI-42313-1
45.27(a), 61.113(a) and (b), 91.7(a), 91.105, 91.119(c), 91.121(a)(1)(iii), 91.151(b), 91.405(a),
91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2),and 91.417(a) and (b).

A Brief Description Of The Nature Of The Exemption Sanborn Seeks:

Approval of the above mentioned exemptions will allow Sanborn LLC to operate the Leptron
Avenger for compensation in the National Airspace system. In relation to Sanborn's current
aerial surveying and mapping operations, such exemptions will increase safety, reduce risk to
person and property on the ground, decrease carbon emissions, reduce the need for Air Traffic
Control handling, and provide better aerial surveying footage. The Leptron Avenger runs on
rechargeable batteries and does not carry any persons on-board. Sanborn's customer's will
also benefit from greater operational flexibility and lower costs since Sanborn can operate the
Leptron Avenger at a lower cost than traditional manned aircraft doing the same job.

Specifically, Sanborn is seeking exemptions to allow:

         (1) The Leptron Avenger to be marked with its registration number on its largest
available services;

         (2) A private pilot with 3rd class medical to operate the Leptron Avenger as the Pilot in
Command;

         (3) Operate the Leptron Avenger even though it has not been certified as airworthy;
         (4) Allow the Pilot in Command to control the Leptron Avenger from the controls that
are located at the ground control station;
         (5) Operate the Leptron Avenger below 500' AGL;
         (6) Operate the Leptron Avenger with a laser altimeter instead of a barometric altimeter;
         (7) Conduct operations lasting 1.5 hours or until the battery life reaches 20%, whichever
occurs first; and
         (8) Conduct inspections and maintenance in accordance with the Leptron Maintenance
Operations Manual and Sanborn's Flight Operations Documents.

I. Conclusion

Accordingly, as set forth above, Sanborn Map Company, Inc. seeks an exemption

pursuant to 14 C.F.R. § 11.61 and Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of

2012, to permit safe operation of the Leptron Avenger UAS commercially, without an

airworthiness certificate, for the special purpose of conducting aerial imaging operations. By

granting this Petition, the FAA Administrator will be fulfilling the Congressional mandate of

Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 to expedite approval of

operations of certain UAS in the NAS, while also advancing the interests of the public.

WHEREFORE, in accordance with the Federal Aviation Regulations and the FAA

               29

CHI-42313-1
Modernization and Reform Act of 2012, Section 333, Sanborn Map Company, Inc. respectfully
requests that the Administrator grant this Petition for an exemption from the requirements of 14
C.F.R. §§ 45.27(a), 61.113(a) and (b), 91.7(a), 91.105, 91.119(c), 91.121(a)(1)(iii), 91.151(b),
91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2),and 91.417(a) and (b).

Dated: February 6, 2015  Respectfully submitted,
                         Husch Blackwell LLP

                         /s/ Thomas L. Gemmell
                         Thomas L. Gemmell

                         HUSCH BLACKWELL LLP
                         120 South Riverside Plaza, 22nd Floor
                         Chicago, Illinois 60606
                         Tel: (312) 526-1523
                         Fax: (312) 655-1501
                         tom.gemmell@huschblackwell.com

                         Attorneys for Petitioner

                         30

CHI-42313-1
