March 20, 2015

                                                          Exemption No. 11218
                                                          Regulatory Docket No. FAA-2014-0953

Joel A. Glastetter
Owner/Operator
Saratoga Aerial Photo and Video, a division of SillyCar Design
1077 Rock City Road
Rock City Falls, NY 12863

Dear Mr. Glastetter:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

The Basis for Our Decision

By letter dated November 10, 2014,1 you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration
(FAA) on behalf of Saratoga Aerial Photo and Video, a division of SillyCar Design
(hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption from part 21 subpart H; and §§ 45.23;
61.113(a) and (b); 91.7(a); 91.9(b)(2); 91.103(b); 91.109; 91.119; 91.121; 91.151(a);
91.203(a) and (b); 91.405(a); 91.407(a)(1); 91.409(a)(2); and 91.417(a) and (b) of Title 14,
Code of Federal Regulations (14 CFR). The exemption would allow the petitioner to operate
the DJI PhantomVision 2+ unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct aerial photography.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to petitioner.

1 By letter dated January 22, 2015, and posted to the public docket on the same day, the petitioner responded to
the FAA's Request for Information.
                                                                                                                 2

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a DJI Phantom 2 Vision+. The DJI Phantom Vision 2+
weighs less than 7 pounds with payload and has an altitude and distance limiting function that
restricts the UAS from exiting the established operating area. The DJI Phantom 2 Vision+'s
recommended maximum airspeed is 29 knots.

In accordance with the statutory criteria provided in Section 333 of P.L. 112-95 in reference
to 49 USC § 44704, and in consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area
associated with the aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined
that this aircraft meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the
petitioner's requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, and any associated noise certification and
testing requirements of part 36, is not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial photography and videography. The FAA has
issued grants of exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented
in your petition. In Grant of Exemption No. 11153 to Burnz Eye View, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0519), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest. The FAA also found that UAS provide an
additional tool for the aerial photography industry, adding a greater degree of flexibility,
which supplements the current capabilities offered by manned aircraft.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 they are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption No. 11153;

 the reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption No. 11153 also apply to the
    situation you present;

 although you did not request relief from § 91.409(a)(1) Inspections, for the reasons stated
    in Grant of Exemption No. 11153 (Burns Eye), relief is granted subject to the conditions
    and limitations provided below; and

 a grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. §§ 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Saratoga Aerial Photo and Video, a division of SillyCar
                                                                                                                 3

Design, is granted an exemption from 14 CFR 61.113(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121,
91.151(a), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to the extent
necessary to allow petitioner to operate a UAS for the purpose of aerial photography. This
exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

Relative to this grant of exemption, Saratoga Aerial Photo and Video, a division of SillyCar
Design, is hereafter referred to as the operator.

The petition and the following supporting documentation are hereinafter referred to as the
operating documents:

    1. Saratoga Aerial Photo and Video- Flight Checklist
    2. DJI Phantom Vision 2+ Official Specs
    3. Saratoga Aerial Photo and Video response for additional information dated 22 Jan 2015.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

  1) Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the following aircraft
          described in the operating documents which is a quad-copter weighing less than 7
          pounds: DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ Unmanned Aircraft System. Proposed operations of
          any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this grant.

  2) UAS operations under this exemption are limited to conducting aerial
          photography.

  3) The UA may not be flown at ground speed exceeding 29 knots (15m/s).

  4) The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
          (AGL). All altitudes reported to ATC must be in feet AGL.

  5) The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
          This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other
          than corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued medical certificate.

  6) All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The VO may be used to satisfy
          the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS capability. The
          VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times. Electronic
          messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC must be
          designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
                                                                                                              4

       duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the functions
       prescribed in the operating documents.

7) The VO must not perform any other duties beyond assisting the PIC with seeing
       and avoiding other air traffic and other ground based obstacles/obstructions and is
       not permitted to operate the camera or other instruments.

8) The operating documents and this grant of exemption must be accessible during
       UAS operations and made available to the Administrator upon request. If a
       discrepancy exists between the conditions and limitations in this exemption and
       the procedures outlined in the operating documents, the conditions and
       limitations herein take precedence and must be followed. Otherwise, the
       operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating documents.
       The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the operator's
       responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
       documents to the Administrator upon request. The operator must also present
       updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension or amendment to this
       grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update or revision would
       affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then the operator
       must petition for amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's UAS
       Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
       updates or revisions to the operating documents.

9) Prior to each flight the PIC must inspect the UAS to ensure it is in a condition for
       safe flight. If the inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the
       UAS, the aircraft is prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has
       been performed and the UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight. The
       Ground Control Station must be included in the preflight inspection. All
       maintenance and alterations must be properly documented in the aircraft records.

10) Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS
       operation or flight characteristics, e.g. replacement of a flight critical component,
       must undergo a functional test flight. The PIC who conducts the functional test flight
       must make an entry of the flight in the UAS aircraft records.

11) The preflight inspection must account for all potential discrepancies, e.g.
       inoperable components, items, or equipment, not already covered in the relevant
       sections of the operating documents.

12) The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's aircraft/component,
       maintenance, overhaul, replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements.

13) The operator must carry out its maintenance, inspections, and record keeping
       requirements, in accordance with the operating documents. Maintenance,
                                                                                                              5

       inspection, alterations, and status of replacement/overhaul component parts must
       be noted in the aircraft records, including total time in service, description of work
       accomplished, and the signature of the authorized person returning the UAS to
       service.

14) The UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer Safety
       Bulletins.

15) The authorized person must make an entry in the aircraft record of the corrective
       action taken against discrepancies discovered between inspections.

16) The PIC must possess at least a private pilot certificate and at least a current
       third- class medical certificate. The PIC must also meet the flight review
       requirements specified in 14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated
       on his or her pilot certificate.

17) The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC meets the operator's
       qualification criteria, completes the operator's UAS training, and demonstrates the
       ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
       operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
       maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures.
       The VO is also required to complete any training requirements for VOs. A record of
       training must be documented and made available upon request by the Administrator.
        Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs (training,
       proficiency, and experience-building), are permitted under the terms of this
       exemption. However, training operations may only be conducted during dedicated
       training sessions.

18) UAS operations may not be conducted during night time, as defined in
       14 CFR §1.1. All operations must be conducted under visual meteorological
       conditions (VMC). Flights under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not
       authorized.

19) The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point as
       denoted on a current FAA-published aeronautical chart unless a letter of agreement
       with that airport's management is obtained, and the operation is conducted in
       accordance with a NOTAM as required by the operator's COA. The letter of
       agreement with the airport management must be made available to the Administrator
       upon request.

20) The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
       horizontally from a cloud, or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the
       PIC.
                                                                                                              6

21) If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
       pre-determined location within the planned operating area and land, or be
       recovered in accordance with the operating documents.

22) The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or
       emergencies, in accordance with the operating documents.

23) The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and
       forecast weather conditions) there is enough power to fly at normal cruising
       speed to the intended landing point and land the UA with 25% battery power
       remaining.

24) The operator must obtain an Air Traffic Organization (ATO) issued Certificate of
       Waiver or Authorization (COA) prior to conducting any operations under this grant
       of exemption. This COA will also require the operator to request a Notice to Airman
       (NOTAM) not more than 72 hours in advance, but not less than 48 hours prior to the
       operation. All operations shall be conducted in accordance with airspace
       requirements in the ATO issued COA including class of airspace, altitude level and
       potential transponder requirements.

25) All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by
       serial number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have
       identification (N- Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45,
       Subpart C. Markings must be as large as practicable.

26) Before conducting operations, the radio frequency spectrum used for operation and
       control of the UA must comply with the Federal Communications Commission
       (FCC) or other appropriate government oversight agency requirements.

27) The documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to
       the PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the UAS is
       operating. These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any
       law enforcement official upon request.

28) The UA must remain clear and yield the right of way to all manned operations
       and activities at all times.

29) The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

30) The UA may not be operated over congested or densely populated areas.
                                                                                           7

31) Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
       persons, vehicles, and structures unless:

a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating
     persons from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator
     must ensure that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a
     situation arises where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are
     within 500 feet of the UA, flight operations must cease immediately and/or;

b. The aircraft is operated near vehicles or structures where the owner/controller of
     such vehicles or structures has granted permission and the PIC has made a
     safety assessment of the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined
     that it does not present an undue hazard, and;

c. Operations nearer to the PIC, VO, operator trainees, or essential persons do not
    present an undue hazard to those persons per § 91.119(a).

32) All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
       permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
       Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
       obtained for each flight to be conducted.

33) Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
       boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be
       reported to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents
       must be reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per
       instructions contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.

This exemption terminates on March 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,
/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service
