September 8, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12785
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­1259

Mr. Joseph Agenbroad
Satstellar, LLC
109 Janwall Street
Annapolis, MD 21403

Dear Mr. Agenbroad :

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated April 17, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of Satstellar, LLC (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption. The petitioner
requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct aerial imaging for safety
and monitoring of secured and controlled environment construction sites.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.
                                                                                               2

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner are the 3D Robotics X8-M, 3DRobotics Aero-M,

3DRobotics Iris+, 3DRobotics X8+, Altavian Nova 6500, Altavian Nova 8400, Delair-Tech

DT-18, DJI Inspire 1, DJI Phantom 1, DJI Phantom 2 Vision, DJI Phantom 2 Vision +, DJI

Phantom 3, DJI Phantom FC40, MicroDrones MD4-200, MicroDrones MD-1000,

PrecisionHawk Lancaster, Riegl RiCopter, senseFly eBee, senseFly eXom, senseFly eBee
RTK, Trimble UX5, and Trimble UX5 HP1.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in

consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the

aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft

meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness

Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is

not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection2. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

1 The petitioner also proposed to operate additional battery-powered UAS. The FAA must conduct an

assessment on these aircraft, which also includes a finding that the proposed UAS meet the conditions in Section
333 of Public Law 112-95. When the FAA completes its review, we will proceed accordingly and no further

action will be required by the petitioner.
2 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.

Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF

analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by

instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                                                 3

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Satstellar, LLC is granted an exemption from 14 CFR
§§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121,
91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to the
extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Satstellar, LLC is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the 3D Robotics X8-
         M, 3DRobotics Aero-M, 3DRobotics Iris+, 3DRobotics X8+, Altavian Nova 6500,
         Altavian Nova 8400, Delair-Tech DT-18, DJI Inspire 1, DJI Phantom 1, DJI Phantom
         2 Vision, DJI Phantom 2 Vision +, DJI Phantom 3, DJI Phantom FC40, MicroDrones
         MD4-200, MicroDrones MD-1000, PrecisionHawk Lancaster, Riegl RiCopter,
         senseFly eBee, senseFly eXom, senseFly eBee RTK, Trimble UX5, and Trimble UX5
         HP when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of
         any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
                                                                                                            4

    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
    electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
    must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
    required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
                                                                                                            5

    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.
                                                                                                            6

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
                                                                                               7

the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
present an undue hazard.

The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical

    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be

    reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions

    contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
    as documented in this grant of exemption.

30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
    exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
    District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
    notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
    must include at least the following:
      a. Dates and times for all flights;
      b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
          under this grant of exemption;
      c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
          the UAS;
      d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
      e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
      f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
          and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
          who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
      g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
      h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
          town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
          essential to accomplish the operation.
                                                                                                                 8
    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons

         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.
Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
This exemption terminates on September 30, 2017 unless sooner superseded or rescinded.
Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
                                                   SatStellar, LLC

                                                                                                                 aminority company...

                                                                                     April 17, 2015
u. s. Department of
Transportation Docket Management
system 1200 New Jersey Ave., SE
washington, DC 20590
Re: Exemption Request section 333 of the FAA Reform Act and Part

11 of the Federal Aviation Regulations from 14 CFR 61 . 113 (a) &

(b); 91.103(b); 91.119; 91.121; 91.151(a); 91.405 (a); 91.407(a)

(1); 91.409 (a) (2); 91 . 417 (a) & (b).

Dear Sir or Madam:
        Pursuant to section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform

Act of 2012 (the Reform Act) and 14 C. F.R. Part 11, satstellar LLC
hereby applies for an exemption from the listed Federal Aviation
Regulations ("FARs") to allow commercial operation of its small
unmanned Aircraft systems ("sUAS") for aerial imaging for safety
and monitoring of secured and controlled environment construction
sites, so long as such operations are conducted within and under
the conditions outlined herein or as may be established by the FAA
as required by s ection 333 .
ecoaaasiutcuseli,clrctrreachetvietoprfeamSaitfia,stfacpe:ttrlatneaiostsmsgytikytteeoraihs.eiplmntecslpesaweuimnstern.logetTuwwe"hsddabherUiveaaelAelctsltoae,aSpn,"fpuoetpeteunwsraucnfecivtiohndnctirhnroosmoitismuqnhnairptugmmaule,hetaieassmninghtycbpithyaoaolndtonlnhd,uyrissefesetfpiisrenneutossrhagorsclmepucaatinneeaettoiddctonsuirtnnmie,aproesqiuarnpspcublbashleiloma,rcoienrcuttendoianroenmgSainndoraaamsfntptoadFnsoeAhnealtunAdudynen,tgltielreoaderrneqr. saounltiore

www.satstellar.com
                                                  SatStellar, LLC

                                                                                                     a minority~::ompany...

        satstellar shares congress's goal of getting sUAS flying
commercially in the united states safely and soon. In the FAA
Modernization and Reform Act of 2012, congress directed the FAA
"to safely accelerate the integration of civil unmanned aircraft
systems into the national airspace system" and, under Section
333 of that law, gave the FAA power to grant innovators
"expedited operational authorization" to do so. By this
petition, satstellar is seeking authorization to conduct sUAS
commercial operations.

        Further, granting this request will do nothing more than
allow satstellar to do what thousands of hobbyists and
manufacturers of model aircraft do every day, except we will
abide by much stronger safety measures . under supervision of a
certified pilot we would provide a safer level of operation that
is superior to current regulations. This invaluable experience
applied to Satstellar UAS program equates to safe sUAS use on
our projects with no confliction with manned aircraft.

Information supporting this Petition as Specified in 14 C.F.R. §11.81
A. Mailing address and other contact information:
satstellar, LLC
109 Janwall St.
Annapolis, Maryland 21403
Christian Nieves
301-785-2260
contact@satstellar . com

www.satstellar.com
                                                   SatStellar, LLC

                                                                                                                 a minority company...

B. sTeheekssoeexceimfipctiosne.ction or sections of 14 C.F.R from which satstellar

14 C.F . R. Part 21 14 C.F.R. 45.23(b)

14 C.F.R. 61.113 (a) & (b)

14 C.F.R. 91.7 (a)
14 C.F.R. 91.9 (b) (2)
14 C.F.R. 91.103
14 C.F.R. 91.109
14 C.F.R. 91.119
14 C. F. R. 91.121

14 C.F.R. 91.203 (a) & (b) 14 C.F.R. 91 . 405

(a) 14 C. F.R. 407 (a) (1) 14 C.F.R. 409 (a)

(2) 14 C.F.R. 417 (a) & (b)

I. STATUTORY AUTHORITY FOR EXEMPTIONS
        The Federal Aviation Act expressly grants the FAA authority to

issue exemptions. This statutory authority includes exempting civil
aircraft, as the term is defined under §40101 of the Act, including
sUASs, from the requirement that all civil aircraft must have a
current airworthiness certificate.

        The Administrator may grant an exemption from a requirement of
a regulation prescribed under subsection (a) or (b) of this section
or any sections 44702-44716 of this title if the Administrator
finds the exemption in the public interest. 49 u.s.c. §44701(f) See
also 49 usc §44711(a); 49 USC §44704; 14 CFR §91 . 203(a) (1).

         section 333(b) of the Reform Act assists the secretary in
determining whether sUAS may operate in the National Airspace
system (NAS) without creating a hazard to the user, the public, or
a threat to national security. In making this determination, the
Secretary must consider:

    · The sUAS's size, weight, speed, and operational capability;
    · whether the sUAS operates within the visual line of sight of the

        operator
    · whether the sUAS operates outside of highly populated areas and

         away from close proximity to airports

www.satstellar.com
                                                   SatStellar, LLC

                                                                                                              aminority company...

Reform Act §333(a). If the secretary determines that a sUAS "may
operate safely in the national airspace system, the secretary shall
establish requirements for the safe operation of such aircraft in the
national airspace system." Id. §333(c).

        satstellar sUAS, weighing less than 55 lbs. includind payload,
and will operate under normal conditions at a speed of no more than 50
knots. The sUAS will operate only in the Pilot's visual line of sight
at all times and will operate only within the preplanned area . such
operations will insure that the sUAS will ''not create a hazard to
users of the national airspace system or the public." Reform Act
section 333 (b).

        Given the small size of the sUAS involved and the restricted
and preplanned area within which they will operate, our application
falls squarely within the zone of safety (an equivalent level of
safety) in which congress envisioned that the FAA must, by
exemption, allow commercial operations of sUAS to commence
immediately. Also due to the small size of the sUAS and the low
altitudes and restricted areas in which the sUAS will operate,
approval of the application presents no national security issue.

        Given the clear direction in section 333 of the Reform Act, the
authority contained in the Federal Aviation Act, as amended ; the
strong equivalent level of safety surrounding the proposed
operations, and the significant public benefit, including enhanced
safety, the grant of the requested exemptions is in the public
interest . Accordingly , Satstellar respectfully requests that the FAA
grant the requested exemption without delay.

II. PUBLIC INTEREST

        This exemption application is expressly submitted to fulfill
congress' goal in passing section 333(a) through (c) of the Reform
Act. This law directs the Secretary of Transportation to consider
whether certain unmanned aircraft systems may operate safely in the
NAS before completion of the rulemaking required under Section 332
of the Reform Act. By granting an exemption the FAA will fulfill
congress's intent of allowing UAS to operate with significant safety

www.satstellar.com
                                          SatStellar, LLC

                                          a min orit y company ...

precautions 1 n low risk envi r.onments.

        The use of sUAS on a various site conditions can significantly
reduce the risk to workers of falls wh i le inspecting, surveying, or
monitoring site progress. sUAS can inspect, photograph, and collect
data on hard to get to areas that otherwise would require worker
inspection. Falls are a leading source of workplace fatality and
ln]ury on construction sitesl , and reducing falls through sUAS use
for site imaging could save workers lives.

        Additionally, sUAS could replace the use of helicopters and
small aircraft to perform our intended tasks. The sUAS we propose to
fly in this application are under fifty-five pounds, and carry no
combustible material on board, as opposed to the much larger
conventionally powered small aircraft. shifting to sUAS from
helicopters and airplanes presents a marked safety increase for our
workers and the public.

        Lastly, sUAS reduce the environmental impact by dramatically
decreasing the energy used for aerial imaging and data collection.
our sUAS use rechargeable lithium ion batteries, as opposed to
fossil fuels burned in operation of small aircraft t hat are many
hundreds of times heavier.

III. EQUIVALENT LEVEL OF SAFETY

    satstellar sUAS operations will provide a level of safety
that far exceeds the level of safety required by the FAA for
hobbyists and manufacturers of model aircraft. The following
operating procedures will apply during the sUAS inspection
operations under this exemption request.

        1. Satstellar operations will be conducted:
               i. Within the visual line of sight of the Pilot in
                    command (PIC) and one or more visual Observers

                           (VO).

               ii. at less than 400 feet AGL
               ii i .Within class G airspace .

        2 . Satstellar inspection operations will be conducted in a

1 "Commonly Used Statist ics", Occupational Safety & Health Administration. Available at:
https://www.os ha.gov/oshstat s/commonstats.html

www.satstellar.com
                                                  SatStellar, LLC

                                                                                             a minority company...

           confined area over isolated private property located at
           least 5 miles away from any airport, heliport, seaplane
           base, spaceport or other location with aviation
           activities, and any military or u.s. government
           installations or airfields. If we are within the 5 mile
           radius of any of the above installations Satstellar will
           seek written approval from that installation's owner
           before sUAS operations take place. If said installation
           owner requires stricter guidelines for operation then
           Satstellar will comply.
       3 . All sUAS operations will remain within the lateral and
           vertical boundaries of the operating area, taking into
           account all factors, including wind , gross weight and
           glide distances, that may affect the capability of the
           sUAS to remain within the airspace boundary; moreover,
           the ceiling height will be no more than 400 feet AGL.
       4. Satstellar sUAS inspection operations under this
           exemption will be conducted under the supervision
           designated PIC who ultimately has final responsibility
           for the operation i n accordance with 14 C.F.R. 91.3 and
           either holds a current FAA private pilot certificated, a
           higher FAA pilot certification, or a FAA- recognized
           equivalent or has completed FAA private pilot ground
            instruction and passed the FAA private pilot written
           exam.
        s. PIC will maintain the sUAS system in a condition for
            safe operation, and conduct a pre-flight inspection
            prior to each flight so as to ensure that the sUAS,
            control station, data link equipment, camera, and
            support equipment are in a condition for safe operation
            and in a configuration appropriate for the purpose of
            the intended flight.

      6 . The PIC and vo will maintain two-way communications with

            each other during all operations ; if unable to maintain
            two - way communications, or if any condition occurs that
            may otherwise cause the operation to be unsafe, the
            operator will immediately conclude the operation.
        7. Each sUAS that Satstellar will employ under this
            exemption wi 11 safely return automatically to a home

www.satstellar.com
                                                  SatStellar, LLC

                                                                                                            aminority company...

            location designated by the PIC if the communications link
            is lost.
        8 . The aircraft documentation required by 14 C.F.R. §§ 91.9
            and 91.203(b), as applicable, will be available to the
            PIC refer red to above at any time Satste ll a r sUAS are
            operating.
        satstellar will effectively operate under our own
standard operating procedures that will provide additional
safeguards that go far beyond the level of safety for public
model airplane fields.

IV. DESCRIPTION OF SPECIFIC REGULATIONS

14 CFR 61.113 (a) & (b): Private pilot privileges and limitations: Pilot

    in command

   sections 61.113 (a) & (b) limit private pilots to non- commercial

operations. Because the sUAS will not carry a pilot or passengers,
the proposed operations can achieve the equivalent level of safety
of current operations by requiring the Pilot operating the aircraft
to have completed a sUAS flight training course of 100 hours before
flying a sUAS. unlike a conventional aircraft that carries the pilot
and passengers, the sUAS is remotely controlled with no living thing
or cargo on board. The sUAS are also operated by an autopilot, which
greatly reduces the danger of human error . The area of operation 1s
controlled and restricted areas, and all flights are planned and
coordinated in advance.

    The sUAS to be operated hereunder is less than 55 lbs. fully
loaded, carries neither a pilot nor passenger, carries no explosive
materials or flammable liquid fuels, and operates exclusively within
a secured area as set out in the operation plan. Like other civil
aircraft, operations under this exemption will be tightly controlled
and monitored by the operator, and in compliance with local public
safety requirements, to provide security for the area of operation.
The FAA will have advance notice of all operations.

        The risks associated with the operation of the sUAS are
therefore diminished from the level of risk associated with
 commercial operations contemplated by Part 61 when drafted, and
allowing operations of the sUAS as requested with a Pilot who has the

www.satstellar.com
                                                SatStellar, LLC

                                                                                                                aminority company...

level of safety contemplated by 14 C.F.R . §61.113 (a) & (b).

14 C.F.R. 91.103: Preflight Action
        This regulation requires each pilot in command take certain

actions before flight to ensure the safety of flight. An exemption is
needed from this requirement as the Pilot will take separate
preflight actions, including checking for weather conditions,
checking flight battery requirements, checking takeoff and landing
distances, and all other actions in the Preflight checklist in the
Manual. These actions will provide an equivalent level of safety.

14 c.F. R. 91.119: Minimum safe Altitudes
        section 91.119 establishes safe altitudes for operation of civil

aircraft. section 91.119 (d) allows sUAS to be operated at less than
the minimums prescribed, provided the person operating complies with
any route or altitudes prescribed by the FAA. The sUAS will never
operate at altitude higher than 400 AGL and will be in a restricted
area with security perimeter, where buildings and people will not be
exposed to operations without their pre- obtained consent.

        The equivalent level of safety will be achieved given the size,
weight, speed of the sUAS as well as the location where it is operated.
No flight will be taken without the permission of the property owner
or local officials. Because of the advance notice to the property owner
and any onsite personnel, all affected individuals will be aware of the
planned flight operations. unlike flight operations with aircraft or
 rotorcraft weighing far more than the maximum 55 lbs. proposed herein,
our sUAS will not carry flammable fuel . In addition, the low-altitude
operations of the sUAS will ensure separation between sUAS operations
and the operations of conventional aircraft that must comply with
Section 91.119.
14 C.F.R. 91.121: Altimeter settings

        This regulation requires each person operating an aircraft to
 maintain cruising altitude by reference to an altimeter that is set
 " ... to the elevation of the departure airport or an appropriate
 altimeter setting available before departure." As the sUAS may not
 have a barometric altimeter, but instead a GPS altitude read out, an
 exemption may be needed. An equivalent level of safety will be
 achieved by the operator confirming the altitude of the launch site

www.satstellar.com
                    SatStellar, LLC

                                                    aminority company...

shown on the GPS altitude indicator before flight.

14 CFR 91.151 (a): Fuel requirements for flight in VFR conditions

        section 91.151 (a) outlines fuel requirements for beginning a
flight in VFR conditions. our sUAS is limited to operations in
sterile and controlled environments , and has a limited range and
flight time which require an exemption from 14 CFR 91.151(a).

        The battery powering the sUAS provides approximately 35 minutes
of powered flight. To meet the 30 minute reserve requirement in 14
CFR §91.151, sUAS flights would be limited to approximately 5 minutes
in length. Given the limitations on the sUAS's proposed flight area
and the location of its proposed operations within a predetermined
area, a longer time frame for flight in daylight or night VFR
conditions is reasonable.

        Satstellar believes that an exemption from 14 CFR §91 . 151(a)
falls within the scope of prior exemptions . See Exemption 10673
(allowing Lockheed Martin corporation to operate without compliance
with FAR 91.151 (a)). operating the small sUAS, in a tightly
controlled area where only people and property owners or official
representatives who have signed waivers will be allowed, with less
than 30 minutes of reserve fuel, does not engender the type of risks
that section 91.151(a) was intended to alleviate given the size and
speed of the small UAS. Additionally, limiting sUAS flights to 10
minutes would greatly reduce the utility for which the exemption will
be granted.

        An equivalent level of safety can be achieved by limiting
flights to 30 minutes, or enough battery reserve to ensure that the
sUAS lands at the ground station with at least 20% of battery power
 (as determined by the onboard monitoring system and the Pilot),
whichever happens first. This restriction would be more than adequate
to return the sUAS to its planned landing zone from anywhere in its
limited operating area.

        similar exemptions have been granted to other operations ,
including Exemptions 2689F, 5745, 10673, and 10808.

www.satstellar.com
                                                         SatStellar, LLC

                                                                          a minority company...

14 CFR 91.405 (a); 407 (a)(1); 409 (a)(2); 417 (a) & (b): Maintenance

inspections

"pppsaraherrasatgclarlrTanihbpdheehasdvseeh(ciarn)telhlgoapubtfaleartatttwhiior4ei3cesnnrssaoerffrecteqttqhiiuuoniiinssrrep,edecchhtihatanevpadsettpedaerasnic.st.cip.aorr,ien"erpsscaca,rnnradiecfbxiteeocdsetohppiertenerrapsassatusiorphbrerpadoolavlrraitdsioneEwdsnopeiefrnctthoisr
maintain the aircraft in compliance with Part 43.

     Given that these sections and Part 43 apply only to                  will
aircraft with        an  airwort   hiness certificate,   these sections  by the
not apply to        Sat  stellar.   Maintenance will be   accomplished
operator pursuant to the flight manual and operating handbook
from the manufactural. An equivalent level of safety will be
achieved because these small sUAS are very limited in size and
will carry a small payload and operate only in restricted areas
for limited periods of time. If mechanical issues arise the sUAS
can land immediately and will be operating from no hi9her than
400   feet AGL. The       Pilot will ensure that the sUAS is 1n working
ord  er prior to in      itiating flight, perform required maintenance,
and   keep a log of       any maintenance performed. Moreover, the Pilot
is the person most familiar with the aircraft and best suited to
maintain the aircraft in an airworthy condition to provide the
equivalent level of safety.

     Pursuant to 14 C.F.R. Part 11, the following summary is
provided for publication in the Federal Register, should it be
determined that     publication is needed:
Applicant seeks     an exemption from the following rules:   14          C.F.R.
                    14 C.F.R 45.23(b);14 C. F.R. §§ 61.113(  a)
§21, subpart H;                                                          &

(b); 91.7
(a); 91.9 (b) (2);91.103(b);91.109; 91.119; 91.121;
91 . 151(a);91.203(a)    and       (b); 91.405 (a); 91.407 (a) (1);  91.409
(a) (2) ; 91.409 (a)     (2)
                                   and 91.417 (a) & (b) to operate
commercially a small unmanned vehicle (SSlbs or less).
Approval of exemptions allowing commercial operations of sUAS in the
construction industry enhances safety while reducing risk. Manned
aircraft monitoring and surveying creates a greater risk because the
craft are much larger, have combustible fuel, and carry an onboard
human pilot. In contrast, a sUAS weighing fewer than 55 lbs. and
powered by batteries eliminates virtually all of that risk given the
reduced mass and lack of combustible fuel carried on board. The sUAS
will carry no passengers or crew and, therefore, will not expose
them to the risks associated with manned aircraft flights.

www.satstellar.com
                                                  SatStellar, LLC

                                                                                                   a minority company...

       The operation of small sUAS, weighing less than 55 lbs.,
conducted in the strict conditions outlined above, will provide an
equivalent level of safety supporting the grant of the exemptions
requested herein, including exempting the applicant from the
requirements of Part 21 and allowing commercial operations. These
lightweight aircraft operate at slow speeds, close to the ground,
and in a sterile environment and, as a result , are far safer than
conventional operations conducted with turbine helicopters operating
in close proximi ty to the ground and people.
Privacy

        All flights will occur over private or controlled access
property with the property owner's prior consent and knowledge .
Images taken will be of individuals who have also consented to
being filmed or otherwise have agreed to be in the area where
aerial photography will take place .

        Satisfaction of the criteria provided in Section 333 of the
Reform Act of 2012- - size, weight, speed, operating capabilities,
proximity to airports and populated areas and operation within
visual line of sight and national security - provide more than
adequate justification for the grant of the requested exemptions
allowing commercial operation of applicant's sUAS.
sincerely,
Joseph Agenbroad
Satstellar, LLC
109 Janwall St.
Annapolis, MD 21403
410-353-1684
contact@satstellar . com

www.satstellar.com
