June 5, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 11748
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­0941

Mr. Richard S. Bedell
Counsel
Stearns, Conrad and Schmidt, Consulting Engineers, Inc.
 dba SCS Engineers
11260 Roger Bacon Drive
Suite300
Reston, VA 20190-5282

Dear Mr. Bedell:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated March 31, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of Stearns, Conrad and Schmidt, Consulting Engineers, Inc. dba SCS Engineers
(hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption. The petitioner requested to operate an
unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct aerial photography and videography.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a DJI Phantom 2.
                                                                                                                 2

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

· They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

· The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

· A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Stearns, Conrad and Schmidt, Consulting Engineers,
Inc. dba SCS Engineers is granted an exemption from 14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c),
61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1),
91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to the extent necessary to

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                                                 3

allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection. This exemption is
subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Stearns, Conrad and Schmidt, Consulting Engineers, Inc. dba SCS
Engineers is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom 2
         when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any
         other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
         must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
                                                                                                            4

    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
                                                                                                            5

    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
                                                                                       6

exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial

    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
                                                                                               7

reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
    as documented in this grant of exemption.

30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
    exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
    District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
    notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
    must include at least the following:
      a. Dates and times for all flights;
      b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
          under this grant of exemption;
      c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
          the UAS;
      d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
      e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
      f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
          and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
          who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
      g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
      h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
          town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
          essential to accomplish the operation.

31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
    consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
    exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                    8

This exemption terminates on June 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.
Sincerely,
/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
Environmental Consultants           11260 Roger Bacon Drive                            703-471-6150
                                    Suite 300                                          FAX 703-709-8379
                                    Reston, VA 20190-5282                              www.scsengineers.com

                                                                                                              

March 31, 2015

U. S. Department of Transportation
Docket Management System
1200 New Jersey Avenue SE
Washington, DC 20590

Re: Exemption Request Section 333 of the FAA Reform Act and Part 11 of the
          Federal Aviation Regulations from 14 C.F.R. 45.23(b);14 CFR Part 21;14
          CFR 61.113 (a) & (b); 13 C.F.R. 61.133(a); 91.7 (a);91.9 (b) (2);91.103(b);
          91.109;91.119; 91.121; 91.151(a);91.203(a) & (b);91.405 (a); 91.407(a) (1);
          91.409 (a) (2);91.417 (a) & (b).

Dear Sir(s)/Madam(s):

          Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 ("Reform Act") and 14 C.F.R. Part 11,
Stearns, Conrad and Schmidt, Consulting Engineers, Inc. ("SCS Engineers"), the operator of a small unmanned drone (UA),
seeks an exemption from the Federal Aviation Regulations ("FARs") as listed and discussed below.

Make ­DJI
Model - Phantom 2
Serial # DJP2GCBWCK

           SCS Engineers' team utilize an on staff commercial pilot to fly helicopters with an on board photographer to take aerial
pictures of oil, gas, mining, landfill, and other commercial properties pursuant to its contract with the various owners. With the
advent of new technology, to reduce the cost to its client, SCS Engineers would like to use UAs equipped with cameras and
other normal, established remote sensing technologies to take aerial videography and photography and for other monitoring
purposes of those commercial properties ("purpose").

Licensed Pilot: Mr. Carlos William Cortez
Certificate Number: 2188096
Date of Issue: 27 May 2009

           Approval of SCS Engineers' exemption request will permit the operation of comparatively inexpensive UAs in tightly
controlled, predetermined and limited airspace. This airspace will include areas away from general public, airports, heliports
and vehicular traffic and within the property boundaries of private, governmental, and quasi-governmental agency owned
landfill, oil, gas, mining, and related client owned or controlled properties. Currently, similar lightweight, remote controlled UAs
are legally operated by unmonitored and untrained amateur hobbyists with no safety plan or controls in place to prevent
catastrophic events. SCS Engineers has created (and attached) confidential and detailed safety protocols and controls ("SCS
Engineers' Confidential Protocols and Controls Exhibit") to avoid and prevent public hazards as well as preventing the
interference with manned aircraft which could cause a hazard or catastrophe. This acts to enhance safety protocols unique to
SCS Engineers' lightweight UAs being utilized specifically for videography and photography and for other monitoring purposes.
SCS Engineers records flight data and other information gained through permitted flight operations which may be shared with
the FAA through any required FAA reports to assist with the development of future FAA protocols and safety regulations.

          The use of SCS Engineers' UAs for these purposes reduces the need to physically enter potentially unsafe landfills or
operate conventional aircraft, typically needed to perform these types of operations, provides an economic benefit to the
business consumer as the SCS Engineers UAs provides higher quality imagery at a fraction of the cost of aerial videography
and photography and monitoring using conventional aircraft. UAs outfitted with inferred sensors would also reduce the need to
physical enter the landfill and other properties to monitor temperatures, conditions, gas emission plumes and other similar
conditions. SCS Engineers would also use UAs for periodic terrain mapping of surface conditions at landfills and other
commercial sites for emergency response purposes and to acquire real time data on the extent and features at risk in the event
of a fire, landslide or sinkhole. These savings will result not only in enhanced efficiency and productivity for the affected
activities but added environmental and safety benefits to the public at large.

Offices Nationwide 
SCS ENGINEERS

           As described more fully below, SCS Engineers' requested exemption would authorize commercial operations of aerial
videography, photography and remote sensing, using SCS Engineers' UAs, which will be operated under controlled conditions
at an altitude of no greater than five hundred (500) feet AGL in airspace that is limited in scope and will have automated control
features. SCS Engineers' UAs will also be operated by an individual who has passed an FAA approved ground training exam .
As outlined below, the airspace in which SCS Engineers' UAs will operate within will be disclosed to the FAA in advance to
flight operation. Finally, SCS Engineers' UAs will be used in lieu of comparatively hazardous operations now conducted with
fixed wing and rotary conventional aircraft which should reassure the FAA that these operations will achieve at least an
equivalent level or greater level of safety.

           In the interest of economic efficiency and public safety, SCS Engineers hereby respectfully applies for an exemption
from the listed FARs to allow commercial operations of SCS Engineers' UAs, so long as such operations are conducted within
and under the conditions outlined herein or as may be established by the FAA as required by Section 333. Approval of this
exemption would thereby enhance safety and fulfill the Secretary of Transportation's ("Administrator") responsibilities under
Section 333(c) of the Reform Act to "establish requirements for the safe operation of such aircraft systems in the national
airspace system ."

           As discussed above and more fully described below, the requested exemption would permit the operation of small,
unmanned and relatively inexpensive UAs under controlled conditions in airspace that is limited and predetermined. Approval
of this exemption would thereby enhance safety and fulfill the Administrator responsibilities to ".. .establish requirements for the
safe operation of such aircraft systems in the national airspace system ." Please see Section 333(c) of the Reform Act.

             Additionally, the FAA has already granted a previous exemptions which are essentially identical to the exemption
being sought by SCS Engineers.

The name and address of the applicant is:

Stearns, Conrad and Schmidt, Consulting Engineers, Inc. d/b/a SCS Engineers

REGULATIONS FROM WHICH THE EXEMPTION IS REQUESTED

14 C.F.R. Part 21
14 C.F.R. 45.23(b)
14 C.F.R. 61.113(a) & (b)
13 C.F.R. 61.133(a)
14 C.F.R. 91.?(a)
14 C.F.R. 91.9(b)(2)
14 C.F.R. 91 .103
14 C.F.R. 91.109
14 C.F. R. 91.119
14 C.F.R. 91.121
14 C.F.R. 91.151(a)
14 C.F.R. 91 .203(a) & (b)
14 C.F.R. 91.405(a)
14 C.F.R. 91.407(a)(1)
14 C.F.R. 91.409(a)(2)
14 C.F.R. 91.417(a) & (b)

           This exemption application is expressly submitted to fulfill Congress' goal in passing Section 333(a) through (c) of the
Reform Act. This law directs the Secretary of Transportation to consider whether certain unmanned aircraft systems may
operate safely in the national airspace system (NAS) before completion of the rulemaking required under Section 332 of the
Reform Act. In making this determination, the Secretary is required to determine which types of UAs do not create a hazard to
users of the NAS or the public or pose a threat to national security in light of the following :

          The UA's size, weight, speed, and operational capability;                     0
          Operation of the UAs in close proximity to airports and populated areas; and

Offices Nationwide
SCS ENGINEERS

Operation of the UAs within visual line of sight {"VLOS") of the operator. Reform Act§ 333 (a).

           Lastly, if the Secretary determines that such vehicles "may operate safely in the national airspace system, the
Secretary shall establish requirements for the safe operation of such aircraft in the national airspace system" and SCS
Engineers will follow those requirements.

           The Federal Aviation Act expressly grants the FAA the authority to issue exemptions. This statutory authority by its
terms includes exempting civil aircraft, as the term is defined under §40101 of the Act, that includes UAs, from the requirement
that all civil aircraft must have a current airworthiness certificate.

           The Administrator may grant an exemption from a requirement of a regulation prescribed under subsection (a) or (b) of
this section or any sections 44702-44716 of this title if the Administrator finds the exemption in the public interest. 49 U.S.C.
§44701(f). See also 49 USC §44711(a); 49 USC §44704; 14 CFR §91.203 (a) (1).

           SCS Engineers' UAs are rotorcraft weighing less than five (5) pounds (2.26796 Kg) including energy source(s) ,
equipment and any payload. They operate, under normal conditions at a ground speed of no more than thirty (30) knots and
have the capability to hover, and move in the vertical and horizontal plane simultaneously. The UAs will operate only in line of
sight and within the area described in SCS Engineers' Confidential Protocols and Controls Exhibit. Such operations will insure
that the UA will "not create a hazard to users of the national airspace system or the public."

           Given the small size of the UAs involved and the restricted environment within which they will operate, SCS Engineers
falls squarely within that zone of safety (an equivalent level of safety) in which Congress envisioned that the FAA must, by
exemption, allow commercial operations of UAs to commence immediately. Also due to the size of the UAs and the restricted
areas in which the relevant UAs will operate, approval of the application presents no national security issue. Given the clear
direction in Section 333 of the Reform Act, the authority contained in the Federal Aviation Act, as amended; the strong
equivalent level of safety surrounding the proposed operations, and the significant public benefit, including enhanced safety,
reduction in environmental impacts, including reduced emissions associated with allowing UAs for aerial videography and
photography operations as well as other monitoring purposes, the grant of the requested exemptions is in the public interest.
Additionally, there is economic efficiency created with the use of SCS Engineers' UAs as the typical cost to perform aerial
videography and photography with helicopters and airplanes heavily multiplies the cost to business consumers and government
agencies, including law enforcement, for the services which are to be provided by SCS Engineers.

THE EXTENT AND BASIS OF THE RELIEF SOUGHT BY SCS ENGINEERS ·

            SCS Engineers submits this application in accordance with the Reform Act, 112 P.L. 95 §§ 331-334, seeking relief
from any currently applicable FARs operating that presently prevents SCS Engineers from contemplated commercial video-
graphic, photographic and other flight operations within the national airspace system. The Reform Act in Section 332 provides
for such integration of civil unmanned aircraft systems into our national airspace system as it is in the public's interest to do so.
SCS Engineers' ultralight weight UAs meet the definition of "small unmanned aircraft" as defined in Section 331 and therefore
the integration of SCS Engineers' ultralight weight UAs is expressly contemplated by the Reform Act. SCS Engineers would like
to operate its ultralight weight UAs prior to the time period by which the Reform Act requires the FAA to promulgate rules
governing such craft. Thereby, providing direct experience and valuable information for formal regulation that can be
administered uniformly to all real estate related UA aerial videography and photography. The Reform Act guides the
Administrator in determining the types of UAs that may operate safely in our national airspace system. These considerations
include: weight, size, speed and overall capabilities of the UAs; whether the UAs will be operated near airports or heavily
populated areas and; whether the UAs will be operated by line of sight. Each of these items is favorable to the grant of an
exemption to SCS Engineers. SCS Engineers' UAs utilize four (4) counter-rotating propellers for balance, control and stability.
SCS Engineers' UAs are equipped with GPS and auto return safety technology. SCS Engineers' UAs weigh less than five (5)
pounds including camera and gimbal assembly.

           SCS Engineers puts safety first when considering any UA flight. SCS Engineers' small UAs are designed to hover in
place via GPS and operate in less than a 24 knot (27 mph) wind . In order to increase safety plus stability and limit harm and
financial loss of property, SCS Engineers will not fly its UAs in winds exceeding 15 knots (17 mph) . SCS Engineers' established
safety systems include a GPS mode that allows its UAs to hover in place when radio controls are released. SCS Engineers'
UAs have three modes to choose from, SCS Engineers utilizes the Smart Modes for aerial videography and photography. This
mode is the safest, most reliable and stable mode to prevent accidents and being a hazard to others. When pilot

Offices Nationwide                                                                               0
SCS ENGINEERS

communication is lost, SCS Engineers' UAs are designed to return then slowly descend to the point of takeoff. SCS Engineers
does not operate its UAs near airports, hospitals, police heliports or news channel heliports. SCS Engineers does not operate
its UAs in areas where general public is within fifty (50) to one hundred (100) yards depending on location, conditions and
weather. SCS Engineers' pilots and observers are constantly on alert for any manned aircraft and prepared to immediately
abort and land the UA at the nearest and safest ground point in the event a manned aircraft approaches or the SCS Engineers
pilot or observer suspects a manned aircraft may approach the operating area of a SCS Engineers UA. SCS Engineers' UAs
are capable of vertical and horizontal operations, and are flown only within the line of sight of the pilot. SCS Engineers' UA
flights generally last fifteen (15) minutes with an altitude under five hundred (500) and utilize battery power rather than
combustible fuels. SCS Engineers do not operate its UAs below the manufacturer's recommended minimum charge levels for
operation preferring to remain well within a safe operating range to insure adequate communication between radio control and
the UAs to eliminate potential for crashes, loss of control or hazard . Fully charged reserve batteries are maintained on site to
insure replacement for a sufficiently safe level of operation . SCS Engineers operates very conservatively and does believe in
taking risks that may cause a crash or that could create hazard to the public, property and manned aircraft. SCS Engineers'
pilots have logged numerous practice flights in order to simulate flights for future commercial use and to gain familiarization
with the characteristics of this specific UA's performance under different temperature and weather conditions.

           SCS Engineers is extremely cautious when operating of its UAs and will not "create a hazard to users of the national
airspace system or the public."6 Given the small size and weight of SCS Engineers' UAs, they fall well within Congress's
contemplated safety zone when it promulgated the Reform Act and the corresponding directive to integrate UAs into the
national airspace system . SCS Engineers' UAs, utilized in hobby flight, has a demonstrable safety record and do not pose any
threat to the general public or national security.

SCS ENGINEERS'S REQUEST WILL BENEFIT THE PUBLIC AT LARGE

           Aerial videography and photography for general survey purposes has been around for a long time through the use of
manned fixed wing aircraft and helicopters. Although SCS Engineers has used standard helicopters in the past, in order to
remain cost effective and to provide its clients the best possible service continued use of helicopters is cost prohibitive.
Typically, only large businesses, large high end companies and high net worth owners are able to absorb such an enormous
expense. This deprives smaller companies from the enjoying the benefit of this valuable tool. Manned aircraft pose a clear
threat to the general public through potential catastrophic crashes that may occur. There are many documented events where
a manned aircraft has crashed into populated areas with the size and combustibility of these manned aircraft causing large
property damage, human injuries and loss of life. SCS Engineers' UAs pose no such threat since size and lack of combustible
fuel alleviates any of these potential threat to the public.

           With the passage of the Reform Act, Congress has already proclaimed that it is in the public's interest to integrate
commercially flown UAs into the national airspace system. The grant of the exemption request by SCS Engineers furthers the
public interest through academic and visual awareness of the geographical benefits of certain areas and by making this cost
effective alternative available to small real estate companies and the average landowner. SCS Engineers' ultralight UAs are
battery powered and create no emissions that may harm the environment. In the unlikely event of a SCS Engineers UA crash,
the consequence is far less than a full size helicopter or fixed wing aircraft, which are heavy and contain combustible fuel ,
crashing and causing catastrophic devastation to the public.

           The public's interest is furthered as SCS Engineers minimizes ecological and crash threat by permitting aerial
videography and photography captured through SCS Engineers' battery operated ultralight UA's. Permitting SCS Engineers to
immediately fly within national air space furthers not only public safety but economic growth . Granting SCS Engineers'
exemption request substantially furthers the economic impact for any community and for companies looking to relocate or build
in a certain community as well as individuals looking to relocate to a community for career advancement through academic and
geographical awareness provided by SCS Engineers. In the end , the granting of this exemption to SCS Engineers will serve as
a benefit and stimulus to any community.

SCS ENGINEERS' EXEMPTION WILL NOT ADVERSELY AFFECT SAFETY AND WILL PROVIDE A LEVEL OF
SAFETY AT LEAST EQUAL TO EXISTING FAA STANDARDS

           SCS Engineers' exemption will not adversely affect safety, as it will in fact enhance safety. SCS Engineers' ability to
log significant, controlled and monitored flight time in FAA controlled airspace will allow SCS Engineers to contribute to the
innovation and implementation of new, novel and undiscovered safety protocols for realtors that may be embraced by the

Offices Nationwide                                        0
SCS ENGINEERS

NAR7 through consistent and ongoing cooperation with the FAA. Additionally, the FAA may utilize the new safety protocols for
the use of UAs in FAA controlled airspace for all industries.

           SCS Engineers submits the following representations of enhancements to current aerial videography and photography:

                     · SCS Engineer's UAs will be flown by a licensed FAA pilot.
                         SCS Engineers' UAs weigh less than 5 pounds (2.26796 Kg) complete with the camera and gimbal
                         assembly;

                     · SCS Engineers will only operate its UAs below three hundred (300) feet which is well within the four hundred
                         (400) feet ceiling having been established by the Reform Act of 2012; SCS Engineers' UAs only operate for

                     · fifteen (15) minutes per flight;
                     · SCS Engineers lands its UAs prior to manufacturer's recommended minimum level of battery power;
                     · SCS Engineers' pilots operate the UAs through Visual Line of Sight only;
                     · SCS Engineers' UAs have a GPS flight safety feature whereby the UA hovers and then slowly lands if

                         communication with the pilot is lost;
                     · SCS Engineers actively analyzes flight data and other sources of information to constantly update and

                         enhance its safety protocols;
                     · SCS Engineers only operates in reasonably safe environments which are strictly controlled and away from

                         power lines, elevated lights, airports and actively populated areas; SCS Engineers conducts extensive pre-
                         flight inspections and protocol to ensure safety remains the primary concern;

                 I SCS Engineers always obtains all necessary permissions from the FAA and landowners prior to the

                         operation its UAs and;
                     · SCS Engineers has established safety procedures in place to abort flights in the event of safety breaches or

                         any potential danger.

           SCS Engineers' safety protocols provid~ a level of safety equal to or exceeding existing FAA rules. It is important to
note that absent the integration of commercial UAs into our national airspace system, manned fixed wing airplanes and
helicopters are the primary means of aerial videography and photography for community awareness and real estate uses.
While the safety record of such helicopters is outstanding, there have been incidents involving loss of life as well as extensive
property damage due to crashes of these manned aircraft and it is far safer and less expensive to operate a battery powered
SCS Engineers' ultralight UAs to accomplish the same task. The potential for loss of life is great diminished with a UA as SCS
Engineers' UAs carry no people or fuel on board and the UAs are also very small and versatile which allows SCS Engineers to
avoid hazards quickly and safely.

           Accordingly, SCS Engineers respectfully requests that the FAA grant the requested exemption without delay.

AIRCRAFT AND EQUIVALENT LEVEL OF SAFETY

           SCS Engineers proposes that the exemption requested herein apply to civil aircraft that have the characteristics and
that operate with the limitations listed herein. These limitations provide for at least an equivalent or even higher level of safety
to operations under the current regulatory structure because the proposed operations represent a safety enhancement to the
operations conducted with conventional aircraft. The FAA has noted in past exemptions that "Conventional aerial video
operations, using jet or piston-powered aircraft present risks associated with aircraft that weigh in the neighborhood of 5,000 to
7,000 pounds or more, carry large quantities of fuel, passengers, and, in some cases, cargo. Such aircraft must fly to and from
the survey location.

           These limitations and conditions to which SCS Engineers agrees to be bound when conducting all operations
under an FAA issued exemption include:

1. The UAs will weigh less than five (5) pounds (2.26796 Kg).
2. Maximum total flight time for each operational flight will be fifteen (15) minutes. Flights will be terminated at thirty

     percent (30%) battery power reserve should that occur prior to the fifteen (15) minute limit.
3. Flights will be operated at an altitude of no more than three hundred (300) feet AGL.
4. Minimum crew for each operation will consist of the UA Pilot and a Visual Observer ("VO").
5. The UA pilot will be an FAA licensed airman with at least a private pilot's certificate and at least a current third-

Offices Nationwide  0
SCS ENGINEERS

                 class medical certificate.
           6. The UA Pilot will be Pilot in Command (PIC).
           7. The UAs will only operate within an area as defined in SGS Engineers' Confidential Protocols and Controls Exhibit.
           8. A briefing will be conducted with regard to the planned UA operations prior to flight operations. It will be mandatory

                 that all personnel who will be performing duties with regard to the flight operations be present for this briefing .
           9. The PIC and VO will have been trained in operation of UAs generally and received up-to-date information on the

                 particular UA to be operated and the UA will be operated in conformity with SCS Engineers' Confidential Protocols
                 and Controls Exhibit.
           10. The PIC and VO will at all times be able to communicate via voice communication .
           11 . Written and/or oral permission from the relevant property holder(s), or their authorized representative(s), will
                 be obtained.
           12. All required permissions and permits will be obtained from territorial, state, county or city jurisdictions, including local
                 law enforcement, fire, or other appropriate governmental agencies.
           13. If the UA loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA will return to the launch site of the UA, or another
                 more appropriate site, and land.
           14. The UA will have the capability to abort a flight in case of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

14 C.F. R. PART 21 . SUBPART H: AIRWORTHIN ESS CERTI FICATES 14 C.F.R. §91,203 CAl {1)

           Subpart H, entitled Airworthiness Certificates, establishes the procedural requirements for the issuance of
airworthiness certificates as required by FAR §91.203 (a) (1 ). Given the size and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft to be utilized by SCS Engineers, an exemption from Part 21 Subpart H meets the requirements of an equivalent level of
safety under Part 11 and Section 333 of the Reform Act. The Federal Aviation Act (49 U.S.C.§44701 (f)) and Section 333 of the
Reform Act both authorize the FAA to exempt aircraft from the requirement for an airworthiness certificate, upon consideration
of the size, weight, speed, operational capability, and proximity to airports and populated areas of the particular UA. In all
cases, an analysis of these criteria demonstrates that the UA operated without an airworthiness certificate, in the restricted
environment and under the conditions proposed will be at least as safe, or safer, than a conventional aircraft (fixed wing or
rotorcraft) operating with an airworthiness certificate without the restrictions and conditions proposed.

           The UAs to be operated hereunder is less than five (5) pounds (2.26796 Kg) fully loaded , carries neither a pilot nor
passenger, carries no explosive materials or flammable liquid fuels, and operates exclusively within a secured area as set out
in SCS Engineers' Confidential Protocols and Controls Exhibit. Unlike other civil aircraft, operations under this exemption will
be tightly controlled and monitored by both the operator, pursuant to SCS Engineers' Confidential Protocols and Controls
Exhibit, and under the requirements and in compliance with local public safety requirements, to provide security for the area of
operation as is now done with conventional aerial videography and photography. Lastly, application of these same criteria
demonstrates that there is no credible threat to national security posed by the UAs, due to its size, speed of operation , location
of operation, lack of explosive materials or flammable liquid fuels , and inability to carry a substantial external load.

14 C.F.R. § 45.23 <Bl. MARKING OF THE AIRCRAFT

The regulation requires:

           When marks include only the Roman capital letter "N" and the registration number is displayed on limited,
restricted or light-sport category aircraft or experimental or provisionally certificated aircraft, the operator must also display
on that aircraft near each entrance to the cabin, cockpit, or pilot station, in letters not less than 2 inches nor more than 6
inches high, the words "limited," "restricted," "light-sport," "experimental," or "provisional," as applicable.

           Even though the UAs will have no airworthiness certificate, an exemption may be needed as the UAs will have no
entrance to the cabin, cockpit or pilot station on which the words "limited," "restricted," "light-sport," "experimental," or
"provisional," may be placed . Given the size of the UAs, two-inch lettering will be impossible. The word "experimental," or any
other term as is so required, will be placed on the fuselage of the UAs in compliance with §45.29 (f) .

           The equivalent level of safety will be provided by having the UAs marked on its fuselage as required by §45.29 (f)
where the pilot, observer and others working with the UAs will see the identification of the UAs as "Experimental." The FAA has
issued the following exemptions to th is regulation to Exemptions Nos. 10700, 8738, 10167 and 10167A.

Offices Nationwide  0
SCS ENGINEERS

14 C.F.R. § 61 .113(A) & <Bl: 61.133(A): PRIVATE PILOT PRIVILEGES ANDLIMITATIONS: PILOT IN COMMAND:

COMMERCIAL PILOT PRIVILEGES AND LIMITATIONS: PILOT IN COMMAND

           Section 61.113(a) & (b) limit private pilots to non-commercial operations. Unlike a conventional aircraft that carries a
pilot, passengers, and cargo, the UA in this case is remotely controlled with no passengers or property of others on board.
Section 61 .133(a) requires an individual with a commercial pilot's license to be pilot in command of an aircraft for
compensation or hire. SCS Engineers respectfully proposes that operator requirements should take into account the
characteristics of the particular UA. SCS Engineers' UAs have various built-in technical capabilities that strictly limit the
potential for operation outside of the operating conditions set forth in the exemption application including a fly back to launch
point to terminate the flight.

Detection of lost GPS or of insufficient satellites initiates an immediate return to launch location.
       · Low power on the aircraft triggers escalating alarms at 30% and 15% levels.
       · The aircraft weighs less than five (5) pounds (2 .26796 Kg), fully loaded.

           Given these safety features, SCS Engineers proposes that operators of the UAs should only be required to hold a
private pilot's license and not a commercial pilot's license.

           SCS Engineers notes that the FAA has found that safety factors permitted operation of UAs by operators with these
qualifications in the case of operations pursuant to public COAs where the mandatory operating conditions specified above
are present. Please see Federal Aviation Administration , Notice N-8900.227, Unmanned Aircraft Systems (UAS) Operational
Approval, at 20-21 (July 30, 2013). The FAA has the statutory authority, granted at 49 U.S.C.§44701(f) to waive the pilot
requirements for commercial operations.

           Given these conditions and restrictions, an equivalent level of safety will be provided by allowing operation of SCS
Engineers' UAs without a commercial pilot's license, under the conditions set forth herein.

           The risks associated with the operation of SCS Engineers' UAs (given its size, speed , operational capabilities, and lack
of combustible fuel) are so diminished from the level of risk associated with private pilot operations or commercial operations
contemplated by Part 61 with conventional aircraft (fixed wing or rotorcraft), that allowing operations of the UAs as set forth
above meets or exceeds the present level of safety provided under 14 C.F.R. § 61 .113(a) & (b) and does not rise to the level of
requiring a commercial pilot to operate the aircraft under §61 .133(a).

           Sections 61.113 (a) & (b) limit private pilots to non-commercial operations. Because the UAs will not carry a pilot or
passengers, the proposed operations can achieve the equivalent level of safety of current operations by requiring the PIC
operating the aircraft to have a private pilot's license rather than a commercial pilot's license to operate these small UAs. Unlike
a conventional aircraft that carries the pilot and passengers, the UAs are remotely controlled with no living thing on board. The
area of operation is controlled and restricted, and all flights are planned and coordinated in advance as set forth in SCS
Engineers' Confidential Protocols and Controls Exhibit. The level of safety provided by the requirements included in SCS
Engineers' Confidential Protocols and Controls Exhibit exceed that provided by a single individual holding a commercial pilot's
certificate operating a conventional aircraft. The risks associated with the operation of the UAs are so diminished from the level
of risk associated with commercial operations contemplated by Part 61 when drafted, that allowing operations of the UAs as
requested with a private pilot as the PIC exceeds the present level of safety achieved by 14 C.F.R. §61 .113 (a) & (b).

14 C.F.R. §91.?<A): CIVIL AIRCRAFT AIRWORTHINESS

           The regulation requires that no person may operate a civil aircraft unless it is in airworthy condition. As there will be no
airworthiness certificate issued for the aircraft, should this exemption be granted, no FAA regulatory standard will exist for
determining airworthiness. Given the size of the aircraft and the requirements contained in SCS Engineers' Confidential
Protocols and Controls Exhibit for maintenance and use of safety check lists prior to each flight.

14 C.F.R. § 91 9 <Bl (2): CIYIL AIRCRAFT FLIGHT MANUAL IN THE AIRCRAFT

Section 91.9 (b) (2) provides:

No person may operate a U.S. registered civil aircraft ...                                             0

Offices Nationwide
SCS ENGINEERS

(2) For which an Airplane or Rotorcraft Flight Manual is not required by §21.5 of this chapter, unless there is available in
the aircraft a current approved airplane or Rotorcraft Flight Manual, approved manual material, markings, and placards, or
any combination thereof.

           The UAs, given their size and configuration has no ability or place to carry such a flight manual on the aircraft, not only
because there is no pilot on board, but because there is no room or capacity to carry such an item on the aircraft.

           The equivalent level of safety will be maintained by keeping SCS Engineers' Confidential Protocols and Controls
Exhibit at the ground control point where the pilot flying the UAs will have immediate access to it. The FAA has issued the
following exemptions to this regulation : Please see FAA Exemption Nos. 8607, 8737, 8738, 9299, 9299A, 9565, 95658, 10167,
10167A, 10602,
32827, and 10700.

14 C.F.R. § 91.103: PREFLIGHT ACTION

           This regulation requires each pilot in command to take certain actions before flight to insure the safety of flight. As FAA
approved rotorcraft flight manuals will not be provided for the aircraft an exemption will be needed. An equivalent level of
safety will be provided as set forth in SCS Engineers' Confidential Protocols and Controls Exhibit. The PIC will take all actions
including reviewing weather, flight battery requirements, landing and takeoff distances and aircraft performance data before
initiation of flight.

14 C.F.R. §91.109: FLIGHT INSTRUCTION

           Section 91.109 provides that no person may operate a civil aircraft (except a manned free balloon) that is being used
for flight instruction unless that aircraft has fully functioning dual controls.

           UAs and remotely piloted aircraft, by their design do not have fully functional dual controls. Flight control is
accomplished through the use of a control box that communicates with the aircraft via radio communications. The FAA has
approved exemptions for flight training without fully functional dual controls for a number of aircraft and for flight instruction in
experimental aircraft. Please see FAA Exemption Nos. 5778K & 9862A. The equivalent level of safety is provided as neither a
pilot nor passengers will be carried in the aircraft and by the size and speed of the aircraft.

14 C.F.R. §91.119: MINIMUM SAFE ALTITUDES

           Section 91.119 establishes safe altitudes for operation of civil aircraft. Section 91.119(d) allows helicopters to be
operated at less than the minimums prescribed, provided the person operating the helicopter complies with any route or
altitudes prescribed for helicopters by the FAA. As this exemption is for UAs that are a helicopter and the exemption requests
authority to operate at altitudes up to three hundred (300) feet AGL, an exemption may be needed to allow such operations.
As set forth herein, except for the limited conditions stated in SCS Engineers' Confidential Protocols and Controls Exhibit, the
UAs will never operate at higher than three hundred (300) feet AGL. It will however be operated in a restricted area with
security perimeter, where buildings and people will not be exposed to operations without their pre-obtained consent.

           The equivalent level of safety will be achieved given the size, weight, speed of the UAs as well as the location where it
is operated. No flight will be taken without the permission of the property owner or local officials. Because of the advance
notice to the property owner(s), or their authorized representative(s), all affected individuals will be aware of the planned flight
operations as set forth in SCS Engineers' Confidential Protocols and Controls Exhibit. When one compares the flight
operations proposed herein with aircraft or rotorcraft weighing far in excess of the less than five (5) pounds (2.26796 Kg) and
the lack of flammable fuel, any risk associated with these proposed operations is far less than those presently presented with
conventional aircraft operating at or below five hundred (500) feet AGL. In addition, the low-altitude operations of the UAs will
ensure separation between these small UAs operations and the operations of conventional aircraft that must comply with
Section 91.119.

14 C.F.R. §91 121 ALTIMETER SETTINGS

This regulation requires each person operating an aircraft to maintain cruising altitude by reference to an altimeter that

Offices Nationwide                     0
SCS ENGINEERS

is set" ... to the elevation of the departure airport or an appropriate altimeter setting available before departure. " As the UA may
not have a barometric altimeter, but instead a GPS altitude read out, an exemption may be needed. An equivalent level of
safety will be achieved by the operator, pursuant to SCS Engineers' Confidential Protocols and Controls
Exhibit, confirming the altitude of the launch site shown on the GPS altitude indicator before flight.

14 C.E.R. § 91.151<Al: FUEL REQUIREMENTS FOR FLIGHT IN VER CONDITIONS

           Section 91.151 (a) prohibits an individual from beginning "a flight in an airplane under VER conditions unless
(considering wind and forecast weather conditions) there is enough fuel to fly to the first point of intended landing, and ,
assuming normal cruising speed - (1) During the day, to fly after that for at least 30 minutes; or (2) At night, to fly after that for
at least 45 minutes."

           SCS Engineers believes that an equivalent level of safety can be achieved by limiting flights to fifteen (15) minutes or
thirty percent (30%) of battery power whichever happens first. This restriction would be more than adequate to return the UAs
to their planned landing zone from anywhere in its limited operating area.

           Similar exemptions have been granted to other operations, including Exemptions 2689F,5745, 10673, and 10808.

14 C.F.R. §91 .203 CA) AND (Bl : CARRYING CIVIL AIRCRAFT CERTI FICATION AND REGISTRATION

The regulation provides in pertinent part:

(a) Except as provided in § 91. 715, no person may operate a civil aircraft unless it has within it the following :

     (1) An appropriate and current airworthiness certificate... .

(b) No person may operate a civil aircraft unless the airworthiness certificate required by paragraph (a) of this section or a
special flight authorization issued under §91.715 is displayed at the cabin or cockpit entrance so that it is legible to passengers
or crew.

           The UAs fully loaded weight is no greater than five (5) pounds (2 .26796 Kg) and is operated without an onboard pilot.
As such , there is no ability or place to carry certification and registration documents or to display them on the UA. An
equivalent level of safety will be achieved by keeping these documents at the ground control point where the pilot flying the UA
will have immediate access to them to the extent they are applicable to the UA. The FAA has issued numerous exemptions to
this regulation . A representative sample of other exceptions includes Exemption Nos. 9565, 9665, 9789, 9789A,
9797, 9797A, 9816A, and 10700.

14 C F R. §91.405 (Al: 407 (Al (1)' 409 (Al (2): 417(Al & <Bl: MAINTENANCE INSPECTIONS

           These regulations require that an aircraft operator or owner "shall have that aircraft inspected as prescribed in subpart
E of this part and shall between required inspections, except as provided in paragraph (c) of this section, have discrepancies
repaired as prescribed in part 43 of this chapter... ," and others shall inspect or maintain the aircraft in compliance with Part 43.

           Given that these section and Part 43 apply only to aircraft with an airworthiness certificate, these sections will not apply
to SCS Engineers. Maintenance will be accomplished by the operator pursuant to the flight manual and operating handbook as
referenced in SCS Engineers' Confidential Protocols and Controls Exhibit. An equivalent level of safety will be achieved
because these small UAs are very limited in size and will carry a small payload and operate only in restricted areas for limited
periods of time. If mechanical issues arise the UAs may land immediately and will be operating from no higher than three-
hundred (300) feet AGL. As provided in SCS Engineers' Confidential Protocols and Controls Exhibit, the operator will ensure
that the UAs are in working order prior to initiating flight, perform required maintenance, and keep a log of any maintenance
performed . Moreover, the operator is the person most familiar with the aircraft and best suited to maintain the aircraft in an
airworthy condition to provide the equivalent level of safety.

Pursuant to 14 C.E.R. Part 11, the following summary is provided for publication in the Federal Register, should it be determined
that publication is needed:

Offices Nationwide  0
SCS ENGINEERS

SCS Engineers seeks an exemption from the following rules :

14 C.F.R. §21, subpart H; 14 C.F.R 45.23(b); 14 C.F.R. §§ 61 .113( a) & (b);91.7 (a); 91 .9 (b) (2);91.103(b);91.109; 91.119;
91.121 ; 91.151(a);91.203(a) and (b); 91.405 (a); 91.407 (a) (1); 91.409 (a) (2); 91.409 (a) (2) and 91.417 (a) & (b) to operate
commercially a small unmanned vehicle weighing less than fifty-five (55) pounds (25 Kg) in its operations.

           Approval of exemptions allowing commercial operations of UAs in the purposes outlined above (or similar operations)
will enhance safety by reducing risk. Conventional aerial videography and photography operations, using jet or piston power
aircraft, operate at extremely low altitudes just feet from the object being photographed and often in extreme proximity to
people and structures; and present the risks associated with vehicles that weigh in the neighborhood of four thousand (4,000)
pounds, carrying large amounts of jet A or other fuel (one hundred and forty (140) gallons for jet helicopters). Such aircraft must
fly to and from the site's location. In contrast, a UA weighing less than five (5) pounds (2.26796 Kg) pounds and powered by
batteries eliminates virtually all of that risk given the reduced mass and lack of combustible fuel carried on board. The UA is
carried to the site of the purposes outlined above (or similar operations) and not flown to the site. The UA will carry no
passengers or crew and, therefore, will not expose them to the risks associated with manned aircraft flights.

           The operation of small UAs, weighing less than five (5) pounds (2.26796 Kg), conducted in the strict conditions outlined
above, will provide an equivalent level of safety supporting the grant of the exemptions requested herein , including exempting
SCS Engineers from the requirements of Part 21 and allowing commercial operations. These lightweight aircraft operate at
slow speeds, close to the ground, and in a sterile environment and , as a result, are far safer than conventional operations
conducted with turbine helicopters operating in close proximity to the ground and people.

PRIVACY

           All flights will occur over private, controlled or approved property with the property owner's, or their authorized
representative, prior consent and knowledge. The aerial videography and photography will be of structures and property
whose owner, or authorized representative, has consented to the aerial videography and photography or otherwise have
agreed to be in the area where aerial videography and photography will take place. The grant of this exemption request will
provide improved safety in all operations.

           Satisfaction of the criteria provided in Section 333 of the Reform Act of 2012 - size, weight, speed , operating
capabilities, proximity to airports and populated areas and operation within visual line of sight and national security - provide
more than adequate justification for the granting of the requested exemptions allowing commercial operation of SCS Engineers'
UAs pursuant to SCS Engineers' Confidential Protocols and Controls Exhibit attached hereto.

SUMMARY OF SCS ENGINEERS'S REQUEST FOR AN FAA EXEMPTION

           1. SCS Engineers' UAs must weigh less than five (5) pounds (2 .26796 Kg} , including energy source(s) and
equipment. Operations authorized by the grant of an exemption are limited to the following aircraft described in SCS Engineers'
Confidential Protocols and Controls Exhibit: SCS Engineers' UA aircraft variant, bearing serial #DJIP2-001-614 onward as
additional UAs are utilized by SCS Engineers provided the additional UAs are of the same or similar specifications as the UA
bearing serial # DJP2GCBWCK. Any proposed operations of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend
this grant.

2. SCS Engineers' UAs may not be flown at a ground speed exceeding thirty (30) knots.

           3. SCS Engineers' flights must be operated at an altitude of no more than three hundred (300) feet above
ground level (AGL), as indicated by the procedures specified in SCS Engineers' Confidential Protocols and Controls Exhibit. All
altitudes reported to ATC must be in feet AGL.

           4. SCS Engineers' UAs must be operated within the VLOS of the PIC at all times. This requires the PIC to be
able to use human vision unaided by any device other than corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued medical
certificate .

           5. All SCS Engineers operations must utilize a VO. The VO may be used to satisfy the VLOS requirement as
long as the PIC always maintains VLOS capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times.

Offices Nationwide                                                                     0
SCS ENGINEERS

           6. SCS Engineers' Confidential Protocols and Controls Exhibit to be deemed as considered as acceptable to the
FAA provided additional requirements as identified by the FAA from time to time are added to or amended in SCS Engineers'
Confidential Protocols and Controls Exhibit. SCS Engineers' Confidential Protocols and Controls Exhibit and any grant of
exemption must be maintained and made available to the Administrator upon request.

           7. Prior to each flight the PIC must inspect the UA to ensure it is in a condition for safe flight. If the inspection
reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UA, the aircraft is prohibited from operating until the necessary
maintenance has been performed and the UA is found to be in a condition for safe flight. A Ground Control Station, if utilized,
must be included in the preflight inspection. All maintenance and alterations must be properly documented in the aircraft
records.

           8. Any UA that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UA's operation or flight
characteristics, e.g. replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo a functional test flight in accordance with SCS
Engineers' Confidential Protocols and Controls Exhibit. The PIC who conducts the functional test flight must make an entry in
the UA's aircraft records of the flight. The requirements and procedures for a functional test flight and aircraft record entry must
be added to SCS Engineers' Confidential Protocols and Controls Exhibit.

           9. SCS Engineers must follow the manufacturer's UA aircraft/component, maintenance, overhaul, replacement,
inspection, and life limit requirements. When unavailable, aircraft maintenance/component/overhaul, replacement, and
inspection/maintenance requirements must be established and identified in SCS Engineers' Confidential Protocols and
Controls Exhibit. At a minimum, requirements for the following must be included in SCS Engineers' Confidential Protocols and
Controls Exhibit:

a. Actuators/Servos;
b. Transmission (single rotor);
c. Power plant (motors);
d. Propellers;
e. Electronic speed controller;
f. Batteries;
g. Mechanical dynamic components (single rotor) ;
h. Remote command and control;
i. Ground control station (if used); and
j. Any other components as determined by SCS Engineers.

           10. The PIC must possess at least a private pilot certificate and at least a current third- class medical certificate.
The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in 14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on
his or her pilot certificate.

           11 . Prior to operations conducted for the purposes outlined above (or similar operations), the PIC must have
accumulated and logged , in a manner consistent with 14 CFR §61.51 (b) , a minimum of twenty-five (25) hours of total time as a
UA rotorcraft pilot (single blade or multi-rotor) and at least ten (10) hours logged as a UA pilot with multi-rotor UA which is
similar to the UA to be utilized pursuant to this exemption. Prior documented flight experience that was obtained in compliance
with applicable regulations may satisfy this requirement. Training, proficiency, and experience-building flights must be
conducted under an exemption to accomplish the required flight cycles and flight time. During training, proficiency, and
experience-building flights, all persons not essential for flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must
operate the UA with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR §91 .119.

           12. Prior to operations conducted for the purposes outlined above (or similar operations), the PIC must have
accumulated and logged, in a manner consistent with 14 CFR §
61 .51 (b), a minimum of five (5) hours as a UA pilot operating the make and model of UAs to be utilized for operations under the
exemption and three (3) take-offs and three (3) landings in the preceding ninety (90) days. Training, proficiency, experience-
building, and take-off and landing currency flights can be conducted under the grant of exemption to accomplish the required
flight time and ninety (90) day currency. During training, proficiency, experience-building, and take-off and landing currency
flights all persons not essential for flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA with
appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

Offices Nationwide                                       0
SCS ENGINEERS

           13. SCS Engineers shall not permit the PIC to operate the UAS for the purpose of aerial videography or
photography (or similar operations), unless the PIC has demonstrated and logged in a manner consistent with 14 CFR
61.51 (b}, the ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated under this exemption,
including evasive and emergency maneuvers and maintaining appropriate distances from people, vessels, vehicles and
structures .

           14. The UA may not be operated directly over any person, except authorized and consenting personnel and
persons, below an altitude that is hazardous to persons or property on the surface in the event of a UA's failure or an
emergency.

           15. SCS Engineers' Confidential Protocols and Controls Exhibit outlines safety mitigations for authorized and
consenting production personnel. At all times, those persons must be essential to the purposes outlined above (or similar
operations) . Because these procedures are specific to participating persons, no further FSDO or aviation safety inspector
approval is necessary for reductions to the distances specified in SCS Engineers' manuals.

           16. SCS Engineers' flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating persons,
vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:

a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons from the UA and/or debris
     in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure that nonparticipating persons remain under such
     protection. If a situation arises where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet
     of the UA, flight operations must cease immediately and/or;

b. The aircraft is operated near vessels, vehicles or structures where the owner/controller of such vessels,
     vehicles or structures has granted permission and the PIC has made a safety assessment of the risk of
     operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not present an undue hazard, and;

c. Operations nearer to the PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons do not present an undue hazard to
     those persons per§ 91 .119(a).

           17. If the UAs lose communications or loses its GPS signal, the UAs must return to a pre-determined location
within the security perimeter and land or be recovered in accordance with SCS Engineers' Confidential Protocols and Controls
Exhibit.

           18. The UAs must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies in accordance with SCS
Engineers' Confidential Protocols and Controls Exhibit.

           19. Each UA operation must be completed within fifteen (15) minutes flight time or with thirty percent (30%) battery
power remaining, whichever occurs first.

           20. SCS Engineers must obtain an Air Traffic Organization (ATO) issued Certificate of Waiver or Authorization
(COA) prior to conducting any operations under this grant of exemption. This COA will also require SCS Engineers to request a
Notice to Airman (NOTAM) not more than seventy-two (72) hours in advance, but not less than forty-eight (48) hours prior to
the operation .

           21. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial number, registered in
accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C.
Markings must be as large as practicable.

           22 . SCS Engineers has developed procedures to document and maintain a record of the UA's maintenance,
preventative maintenance, alterations, status of replacement/overhaul component parts, and the total time in service of the UAs
and these procedures are contained in SCS Engineers' Confidential Protocols and Controls Exhibit.

23. Each UA operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer Safety Bulletins.

           24. The preflight inspection section in SCS Engineers' Confidential Protocols and Controls Exhibit includes the
following requirement: The preflight inspection must account for all discrepancies, i.e. Inoperable components, items, or

Offices Nationwide  0
  SCS ENGINEERS

equipment, not covered in the relevant preflight inspection sections of SCS Engineers' Confidential Protocols and Controls
Exhibit.

           25. Before conducting operations, the radio frequency spectrum used for operation and control of the UA must
comply with the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) or other appropriate government oversight agency requirements.

          26. The documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91 .9 and 91 .203 must be available to the PIC at the Ground Control
Station, if utilized, of the UA at any time the UA is operating. These documents must be made available to the Administrator or
any law enforcement official upon request.

           27 . SCS Engineers' UAs must remain clear and yield the right of way to all other manned operations and activities
at all times (including, but not limited to, ultralight vehicles, parachute activities, parasailing activities, hang gliders, etc.).

          28. SCS Engineers' UA operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All operations
must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not
authorized.

           29. SCS Engineers' UAs may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

           30. SCS Engineers' UAs may not be operated less than five-hundred (500) feet below or less than two-thousand
(2,000) feet horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than three (3) statute miles from the PIC.

           31. SCS Engineers' UA may not operate in Class B, C, or D airspace without written approval from the FAA The
UA may not operate within five (5) nautical miles of the geographic center of a non-towered airport as denoted on a current
FAA-published aeronautical chart unless a letter of agreement with that airport's management is obtained, and the operation is
conducted in accordance with a NOTAM as required by the SCS Engineers' COA. The letter of agreement with the airport
management must be made available to the Administrator upon request.

           32. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical boundaries of the operational
area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported to the FAA's UA Integration Office (AFS-80) within twenty-four (24)
hours. Accidents must be reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions contained on the NTSB
Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

           33. SCS Engineers' UAs, the UA's PIC, and the UA's operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR
including, but not limited to, parts 45, 47, 61 , and 91.

           As mentioned above, the FAA has already granted previous exemptions which are essentially identical to the
exemption being sought by SCS Engineers in this petition for an exemption .

           Therefore, SCS Engineers respectfully requests the FAA grant an exemption pursuant to its application as outlined
above.

  ichard S. edell, Esq.
  ounsel for Stearns, Conrad and Schmidt, Consulting Engineers, Inc. d/b/a SCS Engineers

Offices Nationwide  0
Safety Flight Manual
Aerial Imagery

Safety for public on the ground as well as manned aircraft above is an essential and utmost consideration for aerial videos and photography.
Maintaining a record of safe flight for FAA request and for determining future UAS safety protocols is imperative.

Date:_ _ _ _ _ _ _ __ Location:--- - - -- - - - -- - - - - - - -- - - - --

Pre-flight Inspection: 0 Yes 0 No Comment: - -- -- - - - - - -- - -- - - - - - - -

Elements                     1c1rc1e1    1c1rc1e1  Comment
           Weather
           V1s1b1l1ty        Good         Fair
           Wind speed        Good         Fair
                                       Medium
                              LOW

Proximity to airport: _ _ __ _ _ __ see attac e map pinpointing approximate ocation o

Airport notified 0 Yes 0 No            Date:_ _ _ _ _ __ Time: _ _ _ _ __ _
Phone Number:                                            Contact Name: _ _______________

  Nearest major intersection: - - - -- - - -- - -- - - - -- - - - - - -- - - - - - -

  Proximity to medium traffic road : - - -- - -- - -- - - -- - - - - - -- - - - - - -

  Proximity to heavily traveled roadway road:-- - - - - -- - - - -- - - - - -- - - --

  Proximity to congested population: - - -- - - -- - - - -- - - -- - - - - - - - - -

  Approx. Takeoff Time
  Approx. Landing Time
  Estimated Elevation

ISalety Concerns:

Additional Comments:

Unedited flight video/photos available for FAA upon written request within 180 days of flight: 0 Yes 0 No
                                   Confidential and Detailed Safety Protocols and Controls

Protocols and Controls
Aerial Imagery

Safety for public on the ground as well as manned aircraft above is an essential and utmost
consideration for aerial imagery. As such, safety protocols and controls must be implemented
through pre-flight preparation and during flight.

     · Pre-Flight Protocol:

     · Check batteries with voltage meter to insure fully charged and ready for use.
     · Inspect batteries for damage or leakage that may affect proper operation.
     · Inspect propellers for cracks, chips or damage that may cause sudden loss of propulsion

          or unmanageable/uncontrolled flight.
     · Check weather forecasts for wind advisory or other conditions that my impact flight.
     · Consult five (5) mile radius map for airport vicinity.

                     Contact respective airport to advise of estimated flight time, estimated flight
                     duration, estimated elevation of flight, and any other pertinent information.
     · Inspect flight area for
          o vicinity of public safety helipads/heliports
          o vicinity of medical helipads/heliports
          o vicinity of light poles
          o vicinity or utility wires
          o vicinity of trees
          o flocks of birds that may cause interference and potential flight impact
          o vicinity of any elevated obstructions that may pose potential flight hazard
          o vicinity of roadways with moderate to heavy traffic that can be distracted
          o public gatherings that may attract viewers o optional point of control for best visual
               site of UAS while in flight.
     · Takeoff and landing
          o inspect area for best and safest point of takeoff and landing
          o if in a subdivision or area that is within 150 feet of a residential street, post warning
               sign(s)/stand(s) "Attention Aerial Imagery In Progress -Remain Back 150 Feet"

Flight Protocol:

· takeoff and land from same location
· remain alert to birds, sound or aircraft, curious public, and approaching vehicles
· do not allow anyone to engage in conversation or distract the remote control pilot
· restrict flight to minimal elevation sufficient to acquire desired results
· remained prepared for emergency landing at all times
· pay attention to flight time

                o if possible set a timer as a safety alert
· land UAS and shut down propulsion immediately following landing
Protocols and Controls
Aerial Imagery

Post flight:

          a. disconnect battery to prevent accidental activation of propulsion system
          b. secure UAS in a safe location
          c. remove all warning signs from public access areas

Emergency or Suspected Hazard:

· Immediate land UAS at safest and closet ground location in the
     event
          o manned aircraft is heard or seen in vicinity of flight
          o there is a public gathering within established safety boundary wanting to observe
               flight
          o pilot is being distracted from focusing on flight and safety
          o sudden change in weather (wind bursts)
          o sudden increase in vehicular traffic in vicinity of flight
          o birds enter into proximity of flight
          o any sudden unsafe event that can cause collision, distraction or interruption of
               control
   PHANTOM 2 User Manual V1.4

For PHANTOM 2 Flight Controller Firmware version V3.10
& PHANTOM 2 Assistant version V3.8
& PHANTOM RC Assistant version V1.1

2015.01

Congratulations on purchasing your new DJI product. Please thoroughly read the entire contents of this manual to
fully use and understand the product.

It is advised that you regularly check the PHANTOM 2's product page at www.dji.com which is updated on a

regular basis. This will provide services such as product information, technical updates and manual corrections. Due
to any unforeseen changes or product upgrades, the information contained within this manual is subject to change
without notice.
DJI and PHANTOM 2 are registered trademarks of DJI. Names of product, brand, etc., appearing in this manual are
trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective owner companies. This product and manual are copy
righted by DJI with all rights reserved.
If you have any questions or concerns regarding your product, please contact your dealer or DJI Customer Service.

©2013-2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.1 |
Content
CONTENT........................................................................................................................2

IN THE BOX.....................................................................................................................4

LEGEND ..........................................................................................................................4

1. PHANTOM 2 AIRCRAFT ...............................................................................................5

  1.1 BUILT-IN FLIGHT CONTROL SYSTEM INSTRUCTIONS..................................................................5
  1.2 CONNECTIONS WITH OTHER DJI PRODUCTS...........................................................................5

    Important Notes of Using with Other DJI Products ........................................................6
    Connections with Other DJI Products .............................................................................7
  1.3 LED FLIGHT INDICATORS DESCRIPTION ...............................................................................11
  1.4 NOTES FOR PHANTOM 2 USING WITH OTHER DJI PRODUCTS ................................................12

2 PROPELLERS...............................................................................................................13

  2.1 ASSEMBLY.....................................................................................................................13
  2.2 DISASSEMBLY ................................................................................................................13
  2.3 NOTES .........................................................................................................................13

3 REMOTE CONTROLLER ...............................................................................................14

  3.1 POWER ON THE REMOTE CONTROLLER ...............................................................................14
  3.2 REMOTE CONTROLLER LED INDICATOR STATUS ....................................................................15

    3.2.1 Remote Controller Power LED Indicator Status ...................................................15
    3.2.2 Remote Controller Battery Level Indicator Status ...............................................15
  3.3 ANTENNA ORIENTATION ..................................................................................................16
  3.4 REMOTE CONTROLLER OPERATION ....................................................................................16
  3.5 LINKING THE REMOTE CONTROLLER & BUILT-IN RECEIVER......................................................18

4 INTELLIGENT BATTERY ...............................................................................................19

  4.1 CHARGING PROCEDURES..................................................................................................19
  4.2 INSTALL THE BATTERY ......................................................................................................20
  4.3 BATTERY USAGE.............................................................................................................20
  4.4 DESCRIPTION OF THE BATTERY LEVEL INDICATOR...................................................................21
  4.5 CORRECT BATTERY USAGE NOTES ......................................................................................22

5 CALIBRATING THE COMPASS......................................................................................23

©2013-2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved. 2 |
  5.1 CALIBRATION WARNINGS .................................................................................................23
  5.2 CALIBRATION PROCEDURES ..............................................................................................23
  5.3 WHEN RECALIBRATION IS REQUIRED...................................................................................23
6 FLIGHT .......................................................................................................................24
  6.1 FLYING ENVIRONMENT REQUIREMENTS ..............................................................................24
  6.2 STARTING THE MOTORS...................................................................................................24
  6.3 TAKEOFF/LANDING PROCEDURES.......................................................................................24
  6.4 FAILSAFE FUNCTION........................................................................................................25
  6.5 LOW BATTERY CAPACITY WARNING FUNCTION.....................................................................27
  6.6 FLIGHT LIMITS FUNCTION.................................................................................................27

    Max Height & Radius Limits .........................................................................................27
  6.7 FLIGHT LIMITS OF SPECIAL AREAS ......................................................................................28
  6.8 CONDITIONS OF FLIGHT LIMITS .........................................................................................30

    Disclaimer.....................................................................................................................30
7 ASSISTANT INSTALLATION AND CONFIGURATION ......................................................31

  7.1 INSTALLING DRIVER AND PHANTOM 2 ASSISTANT...............................................................31
  7.2 USING THE PHANTOM 2 ASSISTANT ON A PC ....................................................................32
  7.3 FIRMWARE UPGRADE OF PHANTOM 2 .............................................................................33
  7.4 PHANTOM RC ASSISTANT DESCRIPTION ...........................................................................33
8 APPENDIX ..................................................................................................................35
  8.1 SPECIFICATIONS..............................................................................................................35
  8.2 LED FLIGHT INDICATORS DESCRIPTION ...............................................................................35

©2013-2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.3 |
In the Box                               Remote Controller-2.4GHz  Propeller Pair

                   PHANTOM 2

Intelligent Battery                      Charger                   Plug Set

Screwdriver                              Assistant Wrench          Cables

Micro-USB Cable                          Screws                    Accessories Box

Legend                                   Caution                   Tip Reference

               Forbidden(Important)

©2013-2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.4 |
1 PHANTOM 2 Aircraft                                                [9]
                                                                   [10]
[1]                                                                [11]

[2]
[3]
[4]
[5]
[6]
[7]

[8]

              Figure 1-1                                                       Figure 1-2

[1]Propeller [2]Motor [3]Front Side [4]Front LEDs [5]Micro-USB Port [6]Landing Gear [7]Receiver

Antenna [8]CAN-Bus Connector [9]LED Flight Indicators [10]DJI Intelligent Battery [11]Compass

1.1 Built-in Flight Control System Instructions

The built-in flight control system is used to control the entire aircraft's functions in flight such as Pitch (forwards

and backwards), Roll (left and right), Elevator (up and down) and Yaw (turn left or right). The flight controller

contains the MC (Main Controller), IMU, GPS, compass, receiver.

The IMU (Inertial Measurement Unit) has a built-in inertial sensor and a barometric altimeter that measures both

attitude and altitude. The compass reads geomagnetic information which assists the GPS (Global Position System)

to accurately calculate the aircrafts position and height in order to lock the aircraft in a stable hover. The receiver is

used to communicate with the remote controller and the MC acts as the brains of the complete flight control

system connecting and controlling all the modules together.

The PHANTOM 2 can be configured in the Assistant, by choosing Naza-M mode or Phantom 2 mode.

This manual is for Phantom 2 mode. Please refer to the Naza-M V2 Quick Start Manual for more

information.

1.2 Connections with Other DJI Products

PHANTOM 2 is compatible with other DJI products, including ZENMUSE H3-2D and H3-3D gimbaliOSD mini

iOSD Mark II. Below are connections for these products and wireless video transmission module.

Video Cable                                                                    8-Pin Cable
To the iOSD module or wireless                                                 To the G8 port on
video transmission module.                                                     the H3-2D/H3-3D
                                                                               gimbal.
CAN-Bus Connector

                                                                               5-Pin Cable
                                                                               To the compass.

                                                                               Compass

                                         Gimbal Mounting Position  Figure 1-3
                                         Mount the H3-2D/H3-3D
                                         gimbal using 4 screws.

©2013-2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.5 |
Important Notes of Using with Other DJI Products

  1 The video cable can provide power for the wireless video transmission module with a battery voltage
          (11.1V~12.6V) and a maximum current 2A.

  2 Make sure the working current of the wireless video transmission module you connect can work with an
          operational voltage between 11.1V~12.6V and the total working current of the iOSD and wireless video
          transmission module is under 2A, as an overcurrent will damage the central board's components. If the
          total current exceeds 2A, please be sure to provide power supplied from a separate power source for the
          wireless video transmission module.

  3 PHANTOM 2 uses a 2.4GHz RC system. To avoid communication interference, it's not recommended to
          use other 2.4GHz devices (including 2.4G Wi-Fi or 2.4G wireless video transmission module) except the
          2.4G Bluetooth and 2.4G Datalink.

  4 Be sure to keep the wireless video transmission module and other communicating devices away from the
          compass during installation and connection to avoid interference.

  5 To improve the compatibility with ZENMUSE gimbals, the latest factory deliveries of PHANTOM 2 has
          updated to the Version 2 shown below. H3-2D/H3-3D gimbal can be directly installed for the Version 2
          while for Version 1, a H3-3D adapter kit (coming soon) is required to install the H3-3D gimbal.

     Version 1                                            Version 2
Gimbal Mounting                                      Gimbal Mounting

     Position                                             Position

                                                                           Figure 1-4

6 When using the H3-3D gimbal, please connect the 8-Pin cable of PHANTOM 2 to the G8 port of H3-3D
        shown below.

                                         Figure 1-5

©2013-2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.6 |
Connections with Other DJI Products

1 Connecting the H3-2D and H3-3D gimbal and wireless video transmission module, the figure below uses
        H3-2D as an example.

     Wireless        Batt-               Description of the Video Cable
                                         (sequence by color)
       video         Batt+
                                                  VIDEO
transmission                                      VIDEO GND
     module VIDEO GND                             VBat+
                                                  GND
Transmitter VIDEO

                                                     ZENMUSE
                                                       H3-2D

                                                                         Compass

                                                                              Figure 1-6

2 Connecting the H3-2D and H3-3D gimbal, iOSD mini and wireless video transmission module, the figure
        below uses H3-2D as an example.

Batt-  Wireless                                      Description of the Video Cable
                                                     (sequence by color)
Batt+
VIDEO GND video                                              VIDEO
       transmission                                          VIDEO GND
VIDEO     module                                             VBat+
                                                             GND
       Transmitter
                                                                                             ZENMUSE
                                                                                               H3-2D

        CAN-Bus
       Connector

                                                                         Compass

DJI

                                         Figure 1-7

©2013-2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.7 |
3 Connecting the H3-2D and H3-3D gimbal, iOSD mini and DJI specified wireless video transmission module
        AVL58, the figure below uses H3-2D as an example.

     DJI specified                       Description of the Video Cable
        wireless                         (sequence by color)
         video
                                                VIDEO
     transmission                                VIDEO GND
        module                                   VBat+
        AVL58                                   GND

     Transmitter                                                               ZENMUSE
                                                                                  H3-2D

     CAN-Bus                             Compass
     connector

DJI

                                                                              Figure 1-8

             We recommend connecting the VBat+ port of the video cable to the two BATT+ ports of the AVL58
             simultaneously. The same is true of the GND port of the video cable and two BATT- ports.

4 Connecting the H3-2D and H3-3D gimbal, iOSD Mark II and wireless video transmission module, the figure
        below uses H3-2D as an example.

©2013-2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.8 |
Wireless video transmission                            Description of the Video Cable
module Transmitter specified by                        (sequence by color)
DJI(AVL58)
                                                               VIDEO
                    OR                                         VIDEO GND
Other wireless video transmission                              VBat+
module Transmitter                                             GND

                      CAN-Bus                                                                 ZENMUSE
                     Connector                                                                  H3-2D

                                                                                               Compass

DJI

                                                                              Figure 1-9

The diagram below illustrates the conneciton between the iOSD Mark II and the wireless video transmission module.

     iOSD Mark II                    BATT-  Batt-      Other wireless video
                                            Batt-      transmission module
                                     BATT-  Batt+
                                            Batt+           Transmitter
                                     BATT+
                                     BATT+  VIDEO GND
                                     UART   VIDEO

                                     UART
                                   AV-GND

                                   AV-OUT

     iOSD Mark II                    BATT-                Wireless video
                                                           transmission
                                     BATT-
                                                              module
                                     BATT+             AVL58 Transmitter
                                     BATT+
                                     UART                specified by DJI

                                     UART
                                   AV-GND
                                   AV-OUT

Use the 8-Pin cable in the iOSD Mark II package when connecting to the DJI specified wireless video
transmission module AVL58.

5 Using the iPad Ground Station

©2013-2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.9 |
                                            Air End
                                          Ground End

 3S-6S
Battery

+-

                                                       iPad Ground
                                                          Station

                                                                             Figure 1-10

             Connect the Air End of 2.4G Bluetooth Datalink to a spared CAN-Bus port of iOSD if an iOSD is used.
6 Using the PC Ground Station

                                            Air End
                                          Ground End

                                                       PC Ground
                                                         Station

                                          Figure 1-11

©2013-2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.10 |
1.3 LED Flight Indicators Description

1. LED flight indicators are used to show the aircraft's current status. Once powered on, the indicators will light
    up.

                                          LED flight
                                          indicators

Aircraft in Normal status                 Descriptions
Aircraft in abnormal status
                                          Power On Self-Test
                                          Warming Up & Aircraft cannot take off during warming up
                                          Ready to Fly
                                          Ready to Fly (non-GPS)

                                          Warnings and errors

                                          Remote Controller Signal Lost
                                          1st Level Low Battery Capacity Warning
                                          2nd Level Low Battery Capacity Warning
                                          Not Stationary or Sensor Bias is too big
                                          Errors & Aircraft cannot fly.
                                          Compass data abnormal because of ferro-magnetic interference or
                                          the compass needs calibration.

             1 The LED indicators diagram above are for Phantom 2 mode. In Naza-M mode, LED indicators
                     will work according to the Naza-M flight control system.

             2 Connect to the PHANTOM 2 Assistant for detailed information about warnings and errors.
2. The front LEDs are for indicating where the nose of the aircraft is. They light up solid red only after the motors

    have spooled up.

The front
   LEDs

©2013-2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.11 |
1.4 Notes for PHANTOM 2 using with other DJI products

Before using PHANTOM 2 with other DJI products, users should connecting the products correctly and upgrade

the firmware as requirements below .

Items to upgrade  Firmware versions required          Assistant for upgrading  Assistant version

P330CB (built-in  V1.0.1.19 or above                                PHANTOM 2   V1.08 or above
 central board)
                                                                                V1.08 or above
Zenmuse H3-2D     CMU V1.0IMU V1.6 or above                         PHANTOM 2   V4.0 or above
  iOSD Mark II              V3.01 or above                               iOSD   V4.0 or above

iOSD mini                             V1.06 or above                iOSD

*The iOSD Assistant is applied to both iOSD Mark II and iOSD mini.

©2013-2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.12 |
2 Propellers

PHANTOM 2 uses the original 9-inch propellers which are classified by the color of each central nut. Damaged

propellers should be replaced by purchasing new ones if necessary.

Propellers              Grey Nut (9450)                                         Black Nut (9450 R)

Diagram

Assembly Location       Attach to the motor thread that does Attach to the motor thread that has a

                        not have a black dot.                       black dot.

Fastening/Un-fastening  Lock: Tighten the propeller in this direction.
Instructions            Unlock: Remove the propeller in this direction.

2.1 Assembly

  1. Figure 2-1Remove the four warning cards from the motors after you've read them.
  2. Figure 2-2Prepare the two grey nut propellers and two black nut propellers. Make sure to match the

      black nut propellers with the correctly marked black dot motors. Tighten the propellers according to the
      fastening instructions.

            Figure 2-1                         Figure 2-2                       Figure2-3

2.2 Disassembly

  Figure 2-3Keep the motor deadlocked in place with the assistant wrench (or one hand) and remove the

  propeller according to the un-fastening instructions.

2.3 Notes

  1. Propellers are self tightening during flight. DO NOT use any thread locker on the threads.
  2. Make sure to match the propeller nut colors with the corresponding motors.
  3. It is advised to wear protective gloves during propeller assembly and removal.
  4. Check that the propellers and motors are installed correctly and firmly before every flight.
  5. Check that all propellers are in good condition before flight. DO NOT use any ageing, chipped, or broken

      propellers.
  6. To avoid injury, STAND CLEAR of and DO NOT touch the propellers or motors when they are spinning.
  7. ONLY use original DJI propellers for a better and safer flight experience.

©2013-2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.13 |
3 Remote Controller

The PHANTOM 2 remote controller can be configured in the PHANTOM RC Assistant. The sticks mode is Mode 2
on delivery.

          For upgraded remote controller (models: NDJ6 or NRC900), select "Upgrade Version" in Phantom Assistant.
          For basic remote controller (models: DJ6 or RC900), select "Basic Version" in Phantom Assistant.

[1]

             [2]              [4] J2      [12]                                                 [14]
             [3]              [6] J1  [13]
      J3 [5]
                              [11]
J4 [7]

             [8]
            [9]
           [10]

                  Figure 3-1                    Figure 3-2

[1]Antenna [2]Carrying Handle [3]Left Dial [4]3-Position Switch S1 [5]3-Position Switch S2 [6]Joystick1(J1;J2)

[7]Joystick2(J3;J4) [8]Neck Strap Attachment [9]Power Switch [10]Power Indicator

[11]Battery Level Indicators LED1/LED2/LED3/LED4 (from left to right) [12]Trainer Port

[13]Battery Charge & RC Assistant Port (micro-USB port) [14] Potentiometer

3.1 Power on the Remote Controller

  1. Set the S1 and S2 switches to the upper most position and ensure both joysticks are at
      the mid-point position. Then toggle on the power switch.

  2. Push the power switch to the right to power on the remote controller. If the power LED
      indicator is solid on, the remote controller is functioning normally. The battery level
      indicators display the current battery level.

             1. Please make sure the battery level of remote controller is enough. If the low voltage warning alert
             sounds (refer to <Remote Controller Power LED Indicator Status>), please recharge the battery as soon
             as possible.
             2. Charge the remote controller's battery by using the included micro-USB cable. Using the incorrect
             type of charging cable may cause damage.
             3. Turn off the remote controller before charging. The power LED indicator will display solid red when
             charging is in progress. The LED indicators will display solid green when the battery is fully charged.

©2013-2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.14 |
3.2 Remote Controller LED Indicator Status
3.2.1 Remote Controller Power LED Indicator Status

Power LED Indicator     Sound             Remote Controller Status
                        None              Functioning normally.
                        None              Charging( remote controller is powered off)
                        None              Remote controller joysticks calibration error, need to be re-calibrate.
                        BB---BB---BB      Low voltage (from 3.5V-3.53V), recharge the remote controller.
                                          Critical low voltage (from 3.45V-3.5V). Recharge the remote
                        B-B-B......       controller immediately.
                                          Alert will sound after 15 minutes of inactivity. It will stop once you
                        B--B--B......     start using the remote controller.

The remote controller will power off automatically when battery voltage drops below 3.45V. Land and
recharge the battery as soon as possible when the low voltage alert occurs to avoid loss of control
during flight.

3.2.2 Remote Controller Battery Level Indicator Status
The battery level indicators will show the current battery level during both the discharging process. The following is
a description of the indicators.

: The LED is solid on                  : The LED will blink regularly

: The LED is light off

                     Discharging process  LED4      Current battery level
                     LED1 LED2 LED3                       75%~100%
                                                          50%~75%
                                                          25%~50%
                                                          12.5%~25%
                                                          0%~12.5%
                                                              <0%

©2013-2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.15 |
3.3 Antenna Orientation

The remote controller's antenna should point skywards without obstructions for maximum communication range

during flight.

                                                                              Figure 3-3

3.4 Remote Controller Operation

  The operations of remote controller are based on mode 2 stick configuration.

 Definitions

  The `stick neutral' positions and `stick released' mean the control sticks of the remote controller are placed at
  the central position.
  To `move the stick' means that the stick of remote controller is pushed away from the central position.

  Slide Lever is used for the pitch control of the H3-2D and H3-3D gimbal.

 Remote               Aircraft                                   Operation details
Controller   nose direction
(Mode 2)                                  The throttle stick controls aircraft altitude/elevation.
                                          Push the stick up and the aircraft will rise.
                                          Pull the stick down and the aircraft will descend.
                                          The aircraft will automatically hover and hold its
                                          altitude if the sticks are centered.
                                          Push the throttle stick above the centered (mid-point)
                                          position to make the aircraft take off. When flying, we
                                          suggest that you push the throttle stick slowly to
                                          prevent the aircraft from sudden and unexpected
                                          elevation changes.

©2013-2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.16 |
                                                      The yaw stick controls the aircraft rudder.
                                                      Push the stick left and the aircraft will rotate counter
                                                      clock-wise.
                                                      Push the stick right and the aircraft will rotate
                                                      clock-wise. If the stick is centered, the aircraft will
                                                      remain facing the same direction.
                                                      The yaw stick controls the rotating angular velocity of
                                                      the aircraft. Pushing the stick further away from center
                                                      results in a faster aircraft rotation velocity.
                                                      The pitch stick controls the aircraft's front & back tilt.
                                                      Push the stick up and the aircraft will tilt and fly
                                                      forward.
                                                      Pull the stick down and the aircraft will tilt and fly
                                                      backward. The aircraft will keep level and straight if the
                                                      stick is centered.
                                                      Pushing or pulling the stick further away from center
                                                      will result in a larger tilt angle (maximum of is 35°) and
                                                      faster flight velocity.
                                                      The roll stick controls the aircraft's left & right tilt.
                                                      Push the stick left and the aircraft will tilt and fly left.
                                                      Push the stick right and the aircraft will tilt and fly right.
                                                      The aircraft will keep level and straight if the stick is
                                                      centered.
                                                      Pushing the stick further away from center will result in
                                                      a larger tilt angle (maximum of 35°) and faster flight
                                                      velocity.

Position-1  Position-2                    Position-3  S1 is for compass calibration. Toggle the S1 switch from
                                                      position-1 to position-3 and back to position-1 at least 5
                                                      times, which will force the aircraft to enter into
                                                      compass calibration mode.
                                                      Users can configure position 3(bottom position) of the
                                                      S1 switch to trigger the Failsafe in the Assistant.

OFF Course Lock Home                                  S2 is the IOC mode switch. IOC (Intelligent
               point Lock                             Orientation Control) function can be enabled in the
                                                      Assistant when in Naza-M mode. Only use the IOC
                                                      function after you are familiar with flying.

©2013-2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.17 |
                                                                         The left dial controls the pitch of the H3-2D and H3-3D
                                                                         gimbal. The position of left dial determines the pitch
                                                                         angle relative to the horizontal level.
                                                                         Turn the left dial to the right to make the gimbal pitch
                                                                         up.
                                                                         Turn the left dial to the left to make the gimbal pitch
                                                                         down.
                                                                         The gimbal will keep its current position if the dial is
                                                                         static.

             1 For `Ready to Fly' the aircraft will hover when all sticks are released.
             2 For `Ready to Fly (non-GPS)' the aircraft will only keep the altitude when all sticks are released.

3.5 Linking the Remote Controller & Built-in Receiver

PHANTOM 2 has a built-in receiver, the link button and indicator located on the bottom of the aircraft as illustrated
in the Figure 3-4.
The link between the remote controller and aircraft is already established for you so you can initially skip this
procedure. If you ever replace the remote controller, re-establishing the link is required.

                                                      Link button &
                                                      Link indicator

                                          Figure 3-4

Linking procedures

1. Power on the PHANTOM 2.
2. Turn on the remote controller and place it 0.5m~1m away from the aircraft.
3. Push the link button with a thin object and hold it until the Link indicator blinks red, then release it.
4. When the Link indicator turns solid green, the link between the remote controller and the built-in receiver

    has been successfully established.

Link Indicator      Status
                    The remote controller is turned off and there is no 2.4GHz signal around, please turn
                    on the remote controller.
                    The receiver is ready for linking.

                    There is 2.4GHz signal around but the remote controller is not linked with the receiver,

©2013-2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.18 |
                                 please carry out the linking procedures.
                                 The remote controller is linked with the receiver successfully.

4 Intelligent Battery

The intelligent battery is specially designed for the PHANTOM 2, with a battery capacity of 5200mAh, voltage of

11.1V and charge-discharge management functionality. The battery should only be charged with the DJI charger.

Intelligent Battery                       Charger

DJI Intelligent Battery Functions

1 Balance Charging                 Automatically balance the voltage of each battery cell during charging.
2 Capacity Display
3 Communicating                    Display the current battery level.
                                   The main controller communicates with the battery via communication ports
4 Overcharging Protection           for battery voltage, capacity, current and other information.
5 Over Discharging                 Charging stops automatically when the battery voltage reaches 12.8V to
                                   prevent overcharging damage.
        Protection                 Discharging stops automatically when the battery voltage reaches 8.4V to
6 Short Circuit Protection         prevent over discharging damage.
                                   Automatically cuts off the power supply when a short circuit is detected.
7 Sleep Protection                 The battery will enter sleep mode after 10 minutes of inactivity to save
                                   power. The static current is 10nA in sleep mode when the battery is
8 Charging Temperature             powered on without connecting to other devices.
        Detection                  The battery will charge only when its temperature is within 0~55. If the
                                   battery temperature is out of this range, the battery will stop charging.

              1 Before use, please read and follow the user manual, disclaimer, and the warnings on the battery.
                      Users take full responsibility for all operations and usage.

              2 The battery should only be charged with the charger provided by DJI. DJI does not take any
                      responsibility for operation of any charger from a third party.

4.1 Charging Procedures

  1. Connect the charger to a wall socket (Use the plug set if necessary).
  2. Connect the battery to the charger. If the current capacity of the battery is over 75%, you should power on

      the battery to begin charging.
  3. The Battery Level indicators display current capacity level as the battery charges. Please refer to battery

©2013-2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.19 |
      level indicator description for details.
  4. The battery is fully charged when the Battery Level indicator lights are off. Please disconnect the charger

      and battery when the charging is completed.

                                                                                                                                          Wall Socket

4.2 Install the Battery

Push the battery into the battery compartment correctly as the following diagram shows. Make sure to push the
battery into the compartment until you hear a `click' sound.

                                                                              Figure 4-1

              An incorrectly inserted battery may cause one of the following to occur: (1) Bad contact. (2) Unavailable
              battery information. (3) Unsafe for flight. (4) Unable to take off.

4.3 Battery Usage

                       LED2               LED3
                       LED1               LED4
Battery Level Indicator                   Battery Power Button
                                          (Built-in Battery Power Indicator)

                                                                              Figure 4-2

(1) Checking the battery level: When the battery is powered off; pressing the battery power button once will
    indicate the current battery level. Refer to < Battery Level Indicator Description> for details.

(2) Powering on: When the battery is powered off; press the battery power button once and then press and hold for
    2 seconds to turn on the intelligent battery.

(3) Powering off: When the battery is powered on; press the battery power button once and then press and hold for
    2 seconds to turn off the intelligent battery.

©2013-2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.20 |
(4) Checking the battery life: When the battery is powered off; press and hold the battery power button for 5
    seconds to check the battery life. The battery level indicators will show the life and the battery power indicator
    will blink for 10 seconds, then all LEDs will light out and the intelligent battery will turn off. Refer to < Battery
    Level Indicator Description> for details.
             More battery information is available in the battery tab of the PHANTOM 2 Assistant.

4.4 Description of the Battery Level Indicator

The battery level indicators will show the current battery level during both the charging and discharging process as
well as battery life. The following is a description of the indicators.

: The LED is solid on   : The LED will blink regularly

: The LED is light off

Charging process                          LED4  Current battery level
LED1 LED2 LED3                                         0%~25%
                                                      25%~50%
Discharging process                       LED4        50%~75%
LED1 LED2 LED3                                        75%~100%

Battery life            LED3              LED4       Full charged
LED1 LED2
                                                Current battery level
                                                     87.5%~100%
                                                     75%~87.5%
                                                     62.5%~75%
                                                     50%~62.5%
                                                     37.5%~50%
                                                     25%~37.5%
                                                      12.5%~25%
                                                      0%~12.5%
                                                          <0%

                                                 Current battery life
                                                      90%~100%

©2013-2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.21 |
                                                                                        80%~90%
                                                                                        70%~80%
                                                                                        60%~70%
                                                                                        50%~60%
                                                                                        40%~50%
                                                                                        30%~40%
                                                                                        20%~30%
                                                                                     Less than 20%

4.5 Correct Battery Usage Notes

  1. Never plug or unplug the battery into the aircraft when it is powered on.
  2. The battery should be charged in an environment that is between 0 to 40, and be discharged in an

      environment that is between -20 to 50. Both charging and discharging should be in an environment
      where the relative humidity is lower than 80%.
  3. It's recommended to charge and discharge the battery thoroughly once every 20 charge/discharge cycles.
      Users should discharge the battery until there is less than 8% power left or until the battery can no longer
      be turned on. Users should then fully recharge the battery to maximum capacity. This power cycling
      procedure will ensure the battery is working at its optimal level.
  4. For long term storage please place the battery with only a 40~50% capacity in a strong battery box
      securely. We recommend discharging and charging the battery completely once every 3 months to keep it
      in good condition. The capacity should be varied in such a cycle (40%~50%)--0%--100%--(40%~50%).
  5. It's suggested you purchase a new battery after you have discharged your current battery over 300 times.
      Please completely discharge a battery prior to disposal.
  6. It's suggested that you purchase a new battery if the current battery is swollen or damaged in any way.
  7. Never try to recharge or fly with a battery that is swollen or damaged in any way.
  8. Never charge the battery unattended. Always charge the battery on a non-flammable surface such as
      concrete and never near any flammable materials.
  9. Safety is extremely important and users can get more information in the DISCLAIMER.

©2013-2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.22 |
5 Calibrating the Compass

IMPORTANT: Make sure to perform the Compass Calibration procedures prior to the first flight.

The compass is very sensitive to electromagnetic interference which causes abnormal compass data and leads to

poor flight performance or even flight failure. Regular calibration of the compass enables the compass to perform at

its optimal level.

5.1 Calibration Warnings

             1 DO NOT calibrate your compass where there is a possibility for the existence of strong

                     magnetic interference such as magnetite, parking structures, and steel reinforcement

                    underground.

       2 DO NOT carry ferromagnetic materials with you during calibration such as keys or cellular
               phones.

       3 Compass Calibration is very important; otherwise the flight control system will work abnormally.

5.2 Calibration Procedures

Please carry out the calibrating procedures in the flight field before flight. Please watch the quick start video of the

PHANTOM 2 for more compass calibration details.

       Quickly flip the switch S1          360o Rotate the aircraft              360oRotate the aircraft
                                                  horizontally                 vertically (Nose downward)

       Position-1

Start      Position-3
cali
       Position-1->Position-3->Position-1
           Flip no less than 5 times

       LED Flight Indicator                      LED Flight Indicator                      LED Flight
                                                                                            Indicator

                                                                               Normal LED

       Start horizontal calibration        Start vertical calibration          Succeed                 Fail

                                              Position-1                       Re-calibrate

                                             Position-3

                                           Position-1->Position-3->Position-1
                                                         Flip once

5.3 When Recalibration is required

1 When Compass Data is abnormal, the LED flight indicator will blink alternating between red and yellow.
2 Last compass calibration was performed at a completely different flying field/location.
3 The mechanical structure of the aircraft has changed, i.e. changed mounting position of the compass.
4 Evident drifting occurs in flight, i.e. the aircraft doesn't fly in straight lines.

©2013-2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.23 |
6 Flight

6.1 Flying Environment Requirements

          1 Before your first flight, please allow yourself some flight training (Using a flight simulator to
                   practice flying, getting instruction from an experienced person, etc.).

          2 DO NOT fly in bad weather, such as rain or wind (more than moderate breeze) or fog.
          3 The flying field should be open and void of tall buildings or other obstacles; the steel structure

                   within buildings may interfere with the compass.

          4 Keep the aircraft away from obstacles, crowds, power lines, trees, lakes and rivers etc.
          5 Try to avoid interference between the remote controller and other wireless equipment (No base

                   stations or cell towers around).

          6 The flight control system will not work properly at the South Pole or North Pole.
          7 Never use the aircraft in a manner that infringes upon or contravenes international or domestic

                   lays and regulations.

6.2 Starting the Motors

A Combination Stick Command (CSC) is used to start the motors. Push the sticks according to one of the options
below to start motors. Once the motors have started, release both sticks simultaneously. The same CSC is used to
stop the motors.

A                                         BC          D

                                          Figure 6-1

6.3 Takeoff/Landing Procedures

  1. Start by placing the PHANTOM 2 on the ground with the battery level indicators facing you.
  2. Turn on the remote controller.
  3. Power on the aircraft by turning on the intelligent battery.
  4. When LED flight indicator blinks green/yellow, the PHANTOM 2 is entering Ready to Fly/Ready to Fly

      (non-GPS) mode. Start the motors with the CSC command.
  5. Push the throttle stick up slowly to lift the aircraft off the ground. Refer to <Remote Controller Operation>

      for more details.
  6. Be sure you are hovering over a level surface. Pull down the throttle stick to descend. The stick will lock into

©2013-2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.24 |
      place and the aircraft will descend steadily.
  7. After landing, leave the throttle stick down for 3 to 5 seconds to stop the motors. Return throttle stick to

      middle position after the motors have stopped.

          You SHOULD NOT execute the CSC during normal flight! This will stop the motors and cause the
          aircraft to descend rapidly and drop without any type of control.
          1 When the LED flight indicator blinks yellow rapidly during flight, the aircraft has entered into

                   Failsafe mode, refer to <Failsafe Function> for details.
          2 A low battery capacity warning is indicated by the LED flight indicator blinking red slowly or

                   rapidly during flight. Refer to the <Low Battery Capacity Warning Function> for details.
          3 Watch the quick start video about flight for more flight information.
          4 Aircraft and battery performance is subject to environmental factors such as air density and

                   temperature. Be very careful when flying 3000 meters (9800 feet) or more above sea level, as
                   battery and aircraft performance may be reduced.
          5 When used with a H3-3D gimbal, a GoPro camera, and the iOSD mini, your Phantom 2 will be very
                   close to its maximum takeoff weight. It is not recommended that you attach the Phantom 2
                   propeller guards at this weight. Otherwise, the aircraft will be unable to fly normally.

6.4 Failsafe Function

The aircraft will enter Failsafe mode when the connection from the remote controller is lost. The flight control
system will automatically control the aircraft to return to home and land to reduce injuries or damage. The following
situations would make the aircraft fail to receive a signal from the remote controller and enter Failsafe mode:
1 The remote controller is powered off.
2 The remote controller is powered on but the S1 is toggled in the position triggering the Failsafe (this must

        have been configured in the PHANTOM 2 Assistant).
3 The aircraft has flown out of the effective communication range of the remote controller.
4 There is an obstacle obstructing the signal between the remote controller and the aircraft, essentially

        reducing the distance the signal can travel.
5 There is interference causing a signal problem with the remote controller.

Failsafe works differently depending on the mode the aircraft is in when Failsafe mode is initiated whether it is in
the Ready to Fly or Ready to Fly (non-GPS) mode.
Ready to Fly (non-GPS) ---- Automatic landing

  The flight control system will try to keep the aircraft level during descent and landing. Note that the aircraft may
  be drifting during the descent and landing process.

Ready to Fly ---- Automatic go home and land
  The flight control system will automatically control the aircraft to fly back to the home point and land.

©2013-2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.25 |
Home Point

When the aircraft is initializing the Ready to Fly status, the aircraft will record the current GPS coordinates as

the home point. It is recommended to lift off only after Ready to Fly status is confirmed for the safety of being

able to fly back to home point successfully in case the Failsafe mode is initiated.

Go Home Procedures                         2 Flying.                                         3 Remote controller signal lost.

1 Record Home Point.

LED Flight Indicator                       LED Flight Indicator                              LED Flight Indicator

4 Signal lost lasts 3s, begin to go home.  5 Fly back to home point.                         6 Landing after hovering 15s.

LED Flight Indicator                                             Height over home point>20m  LED Flight Indicator

                                                          20m Elevate to 20m

                                                               Height over home point<=20m

                                           LED Flight Indicator

                                                             Figure 6-2

          1 In a Failsafe situation, if less than 6 GPS satellites are found for more than 20 seconds, the aircraft
                   will descend automatically.

          2 When the aircraft is landing automatically, users can control the aircraft's position and altitude if
                   the remote controller signal is recovered.

          In Phantom 2 mode, users can set a new home point manually when the aircraft is in "Ready to fly" status
          as long as a home point has been recorded automatically. Quickly flipping the S2 switch of the remote
          controller from upper most to lower most positions 5 times or more will reset the current aircraft position
          as a new home point of PHANTOM 2. When successfully reset, you will see a series of rapid green blinks
          on the LED Flight Indicator. The definition of "home point" is:

          1 The home point is the place PHANTOM 2 returns to when the control signal is lost, which is
                   recorded last time.

          2 The home point is used to calculate the horizontal distance between you and the aircraft, the

               distance will be displayed as D if using iOSD module.

Regaining Control during Failsafe Procedure

Position of                                Position-1                     Position-2                   Position-3
Switch S1                                                                                    (No triggering the Failsafe)

How to regain         When the S1 switch is switched to Position-1,       Regain control as soon as signal is
control               toggle the S1 switch to any other position once to  recovered.
                      regain control. If remote controller's signal is
                      recovered, control is returned back to the pilot.

©2013-2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.26 |
6.5 Low Battery Capacity Warning Function

The low battery capacity warning alerts users when the battery is close to depletion during flight. When it appears,
users should promptly fly back and land to avoid accidental damage. The PHANTOM 2 has two levels of low battery
capacity warning. The first appears when the battery has less than 30% power and the second appears when it has
less than 15% power.
1 When battery power drops below 30% and LED indicator will blink red slowly.
2 At lower than 15% the LED indicator will blink red rapidly, the PHANTOM 2 will also begin to descend and

    land automatically. After it has landed, keep the throttle stick at its lowest point or execute CSC.
3 There is a hidden third low battery threshold in addition to the 1st and 2nd level warnings. This uses 10.65V

    as its threshold. Both this voltage threshold and the 2nd Level Low Battery Warning will trigger auto-landing.
    Altitude can be maintained if necessary by pushing up on the throttle stick.

             1 Remember to fly your PHANTOM 2 back as soon as you see a low battery capacity warning.
             2 Keeping the battery contact needles and pads clean is very important. Any dirt and dust may

                      cause a communication failure.

6.6 Flight Limits Function

All UAV (unmanned aerial vehicle) operators should abide by all regulations from such organizations at ICAO
(International Civil Aviation Organization) and per country airspace regulations. For safety reasons, the flight limits
function is enabled by default to help users use this product safely and legally. The flight limits function includes
height, distance limits.
In Ready to Fly status, height, distance limits works together to restrict the flight. In Ready to Fly (non-GPS) status,
only height limit works and the flying height restricted to be not over 120m.

             (1) The default parameters in the Assistant is compliant within the definitions of class G ruled by
                      ICAO. (Refer to Airspace Classification to get more details). As each country has its own rules,
                      make sure to configure the parameters to comply with these rules too, before using the
                      PHANTOM 2.

             (2) Users in Mainland China can refer to .
Max Height & Radius Limits
The Max Height & Radius restricts the flying height and distance. Configuration can be done in the PHANTOM 2
Assistant. Once complete, your aircraft will fly in a restricted cylinder.

©2013-2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.27 |
                                                                 Max                    Max
                                                                Height                 Radius

                                      Figure 6-3                                       Home Point
                                                                                      The height of
                                                                                     aircraft when it
                                                                                      is powered on

                                                                             Figure 6-4

Ready to Fly

                       Limits                         Ground Station         Rear LED flight indicator

Max Height    The flight height is restricted to fly  Warning: Height limit            None.
Max Radius    under the max height.                   reached.

              The flight distance is restricted to fly Warning: Distance limit Rapid red flashings

              within the max radius.                  reached.               when close to the Max radius limit.

Ready to Fly(non-GPS)

                       Flight Limits                  Ground Station                   Rear LED flight indicator

              The flight height is restricted to fly Warning: Height limit reached.

Max Height    under the minor height between the                                       None.
Max Radius
              Max height and 120m.

                                          Not limited, no warnings or LED indicators.

(1) If the aircraft flies out of the limits, you can still control your aircraft except to fly it further away.
(2) If the aircraft is flying out of the max radius in Ready to Fly (non-GPS) status, it will fly back

        within the limits range automatically if 6 or more GPS satellites have been found.

6.7 Flight Limits of Special Areas

Special areas include airports worldwide. All special areas are listed on the DJI official website. Please refer to

http://www.dji.com/fly-safe/category-mc for details. These areas have been divided into category A and category B.

©2013-2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.28 |
8100m        c                            Center of  2000m c                      Center of
8000m       b                              Special                                 Special
                                             Area                                    Area
                                                                 a
                a

2400m           a            Airspace: A,B,C,D       1000m                             Airspace: A,C,D
        cb                  Boundary: a, b, c, d              c                       Boundary: a, c,

                   a bc                                          a ac

                             A B CD                                   A CD
120m
                                                                 Category B
                dd

       10.5m

                        Category A

Ready to Fly

Airspace                                  Limits                                     Rear LED
                                                                                  Flight Indicator
   A            Motors will not start.
Orange          If the Phantom flies into a special area in Ready to Fly               None.
                (non-GPS) mode and Ready to Fly mode activates, it will
   B            automatically descend and land then stop its motors.
Yellow          If the Phantom flies into a special area in Ready to Fly
                (non-GPS) mode and Ready to Fly mode activates, it will
   C            descend to airspace C and hover 5 meters below edge d.
Green           No restrictions of flight, but the Phantom will not enter
                Category A, the aircraft can fly free, but it will not enter
   D            Airspace B through Boundary b & d.
  Blue          Around Category B sites, the phantom can fly freely, but it will
                not enter into Airspace A through Boundary a.

                No restrictions.

©2013-2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.29 |
              Semi-automatic descent: All stick commands are available except the throttle stick command during
              the descent and landing process. Motors will stop automatically after landing. Users will regain control
              once the motors have stopped. There is no need to toggle the S1 switch.
              (1) When flying in the airspace (A/B/C) of restricted special area, LED flight indicators will blink red

                                             quickly and continue for 3 seconds, then switch to indicate current flying
                      status and continue for 5 seconds at which point it will switch back to red blinking.
              (2) For safety reasons, please do not fly close to airports, highways, railway stations, railway lines,
                      city centers and other special areas. Try to ensure the aircraft is visible.

6.8 Conditions of Flight Limits

In different working modes and flight modes, flight limits will differ according to number of GPS satellites found.
The following table demonstrates all the cases(: available; ×:unavailable).
All flights are restricted by height, distance and special areas simultaneously.

  Phantom mode

      Flight Status     Limits of Special Area   Max Height          Max Radius
      Ready to Fly                                                         
Ready to Fly (non-GPS)              ×                                      ×

Naza-M mode

Control Mode number of GPS found Limits of Special Area  Max Height  Max Radius

                             6                    
GPS                                              × ×

                            6

ATTI.                   6                         ×
                        6                        × ×

Manual                  6                        × ××
                        6                        × ××

Disclaimer

Please ensure that you are kept up to date with International and Domestic airspace rules and regulations before

using this product. By using this product, you hereby agree to this disclaimer and signify that you have read this fully.

You agree that you are responsible for your own conduct and content while using this product, and for any direct or

indirect consequences caused by not following this manual, violate or disregard any other applicable local laws,

administrative rules and social habits thereof.

©2013-2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.30 |
7 Assistant Installation and Configuration

7.1 Installing Driver and PHANTOM 2 Assistant

  Installing and running on Windows
  1. Download driver installer and Assistant installer in EXE format from the download page of PHANTOM 2

          on the DJI website.
  2. Connect the PHANTOM 2 to a PC via a Micro-USB cable.
  3. Run the driver installer and follow the prompts to finish installation.
  4. Next, run the Assistant installer and follow the prompts to finish installation.
  5. Double click the PHANTOM 2 icon on your Windows desktop to launch the software.

             The installer in EXE format only supports Windows operating systems (Win XP, Win7, Win8 (32 or 64
             bit)).
  Installing and running on Mac OS X
  1. Download the Assistant installer in DMG format from the download page of PHANTOM 2 on the DJI
          website.
  2. Run the installer and follow the prompts to finish installation.

  3. When launching for the first time if use Launchpad to run the PHANTOM 2 Assistant, Launchpad won't
          allow access because the software has not been reviewed by Mac App Store.

  4. Locate the PHANTOM 2 icon in the Finder, press the Control key and then click the PHANTOM 2 icon
          (or right-click the PHANTOM 2 icon using a mouse). Choose Open from the shortcut menu, click open in
          the prompt dialog box and then software will launch.

  5. After the first successful launch, directly launching of the software can be achieved by double-clicking
          the PHANTOM 2 icon in the Finder or using Launchpad.

©2013-2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.31 |
Installer in DMG format supports only Mac OS X 10.6 or above.

Usage of PHANTOM 2 Assistant on Mac OS X and Windows are exactly the same. The Assistant pages

appear in other places of this manual are on the Windows for example.

7.2 Using the PHANTOM 2 Assistant on a PC

  1. Start up the PC, power on the PHANTOM 2, then connect the PHANTOM 2 to the PC with a Micro-USB

cable. DO NOT disconnect until configuration is finished.

2. Run the PHANTOM 2 Assistant and wait for the PHANTOM 2 to connect to the Assistant. Observe the

indicators               on the bottom of the screen. When connected successfully, the connection indicator is

    and communication indicator is blinking .
3. Choose [Basic] or [Advanced] configuration pages.

4. View and check the current configuration in the [View] page.

View configurations                                                    Function switch of Phantom 2
               RC, Gain                                                       and Naza-M mode

      Gimbal, Battery                                                  Language swap

                                                                       Account, software
                                                                       version

                                                                       Firmware upgrade

                                                                       IMU calibration

           Communication                                               *This image is for reference
                    indicator                                          only. Please refer to the
                                                                       actual user interface.
    Connection indicator

©2013-2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.32 |
             1 Users should not enable the Naza-M function before finishing Advanced Flight Maneuvers
                      procedure in the " PHANTOM Pilot Training Guide". If the Naza-M mode is enabled, users can
                      switch the control mode between ATTI. Mode, GPS Mode or Manual Mode, and access the
                      advanced settings (e.g. IOC). In addition, the LED located on the rear frame arms will display
                      Naza-M flight status indications instead of the PHANTOM 2's indicators. Do not enable the
                      Naza-M mode unless you are an experienced user or guided by a professional.

             2 You can change to the Phantom 2 mode by clicking the same button used to turn on the Naza-M
                      mode. This operation will disable the Naza-M mode and enable Phantom 2 mode. All parameters
                      will be returned to factory settings.

7.3 Firmware upgrade of PHANTOM 2

Please refer to the PHANTOM 2 Assistant to install driver and PHANTOM RC Assistant, and then follow the
procedures below to upgrade the software and firmware; otherwise the PHANTOM 2 might not work properly.

  1. An internet connection is required to upgrade PHANTOM 2's firmware.
  2. Click the [Upgrade] icon to check the current firmware version and whether the installed firmware is the

      latest version. If not, click the relative links to upgrade.
  3. Be sure to wait until the Assistant shows "finished". Click OK and power cycle the PHANTOM 2 after 5

      seconds. Once completed, the firmware is up to date.

Firmware upgradable items

                           Upgrade link

Current firmware version

                                                                                                                                                  *This image is for reference
                                                                                                                                                  only. Please refer to the
                                                                                                                                                  actual user interface.

             1 DO NOT power off until the upgrade is finished.
             2 If the firmware upgrade failed, the main controller will enter a waiting for firmware upgrade

                     status automatically. If this happens, repeat the above procedures.

             Firmware upgradable items:1Main Controller2P330CB(Main Board)3Receiver4Gimbal
             CMU5Gimbal IMU6Battery

7.4 PHANTOM RC Assistant Description

Please follow the procedures to finish the configuration of the remote controller.
©2013-2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.33 |
1. Turn off the remote controller and find the Micro-USB port on the bottom of it.

2. Start up the PC, power on the remote controller, and then connect the remote controller to the PC with a

Micro-USB cable. DO NOT disconnect until the configuration is finished.

3. Run the PHANTOM RC Assistant and wait for the remote controller to connect to the Assistant. Observe

the indicators  on the bottom left of the screen. When connected successfully, the connection

indicator is and communication indicator is blinking .

4. Finish configuration in the [Main] page.

5. Finish upgrade in the [Info] page if necessary.

Main Page of the 2.4GHz Remote Controller               DT7

                   Main page                                                              Language swap
                                                                                         Firmware upgrade
Communication indicator                                                                  Account, software
     Connection indicator                                                                version

                                                                                       *This image is for
                                                                                       reference only. Please
                                                                                       refer to the actual
                                                                                       user interface.

©2013-2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.34 |
8 Appendix                                        -10 to 50
                                                  5.6W
8.1 Specifications                                DJI Intelligent battery
                                                  1000g
 Aircraft                                         1300g
                                                  Vertical: 0.8m; Horizontal: 2.5m
  Operating environment temperature               200°/s
  Power consumption                               35°
  Supported Battery                               Ascent: 6m/s; Descent: 2m/s
  Weight (including the battery)                  15m/s (Not Recommended)
  Take-off Weight                                 350mm
  Hovering Accuracy (Ready to Fly)
  Max Yaw Angular Velocity                        2.4GHz ISM
  Max Tilt Angle                                  1000m
  Max Ascent / Descent Speed                      -97dBm
  Max Flight Speed                                120 mA@3.7V
  Wheelbase                                       3.7V, 2000mAh

 2.4GHz Remote Controller                         3S LiPo Battery
                                                  5200mAh, 11.1V
  Operating Frequency                             0 to 40
  Communication Distance (open area)              -20 to 50
  Receiver Sensitivity (1%PER)
  Working Current/Voltage
  Built-in LiPo Battery Working Current/Capacity

 DJI Intelligent Battery

  Type
  Capacity
  Charging Environment Range
  Discharging Environment Range

8.2 LED Flight Indicators Description

Aircraft in Normal status                 Descriptions

                                          Power On Self-Test

                                          Warming Up & Aircraft cannot take off during warming up

                                          Ready to Fly

                                          Ready to Fly (non-GPS)

Aircraft in abnormal status               Warnings and errors

                                          Remote Controller Signal Lost

                                          1st Level Low Battery Capacity Warning

©2013-2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.35 |
                                                           2nd Level Low Battery Capacity Warning
                                                           Not Stationary or Sensor Bias is too big
                                                           Errors & Aircraft cannot fly.*
                                                           Compass data abnormal because of ferro-magnetic interference or
                                                           the compass needs calibration.
* Users can connect to the PHANTOM 2 Assistant to get detailed information about warnings and errors.

©2013-2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.36 |
