August 31, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12667
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA-2015-0953

Mr. Curt Daniels
Seminole Club, Inc. dba Flatwater Studios
709 West Park Avenue, Suite D
Edgewater, FL 32132

Dear Mr. Daniels:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letters dated April 7 and July 29, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration
(FAA) on behalf of Seminole Club, Inc. dba Flatwater Studios (hereinafter petitioner or
operator) for an exemption. The petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system
(UAS) to conduct closed-set filming, mapping, photography, and videography.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner. However, the FAA
received six comments in support of the petition made to the docket.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner are the Gryphon Dynamics X8 and DJI Inspire 1.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
                                                                                                                 2

provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1 and closed set motion picture and
filming. The FAA has issued grants of exemption in circumstances similar in all material
respects to those presented in your petition. In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus
Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352), 11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and
11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the
enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned aircraft (UA) with the specifications described
by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or crew, rather than a manned aircraft of
significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA
good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

· They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

· The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

· A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Seminole Club, Inc. dba Flatwater Studios is granted an
exemption from 14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a),
91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and
91.417(a) and (b), to the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform
aerial data collection and closed set motion picture and filming. This exemption is subject to
the conditions and limitations listed below.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                                                 3

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Seminole Club, Inc. dba Flatwater Studios is hereafter referred to
as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the Gryphon
         Dynamics X8 and DJI Inspire 1 when weighing less than 55 pounds including
         payload. Proposed operations of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a
         petition to amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
         must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
         documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
                                                                                                            4

    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.
                                                                                                            5

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.
                                                                                                            6

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

    The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
    nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
    reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
    contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.
                                                                                                                 7

 If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
 television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                                                 8
This exemption terminates on September 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.
Sincerely,
/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
April 7, 2015

United States Department of Transportation
Docket Management System
1200 New Jersey Ave., SE
West Building Ground Floor Room W12-140
Washington, DC 20590

Re: Exemption Request Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Reform Act of 2012

Dear Sir or Madam:

Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (the Reform
Act) and C.F.R. Part 11, Seminole Club, Inc., DBA: Flatwater Studios, owner and
operator of Small Unmanned Aircraft Systems (UASs), request to be exempted from the
Federal Aviation Regulations (FARs) listed below so that Seminole Club, Inc., DBA:
Flatwater Studios may operate UASs commercially in airspace regulated by the Federal
Aviation Administration; as long as such operations are conducted within and under the
conditions outlined herein or as may be established by the FAA as required by section
333.

The Name and address of the applicant is:

Seminole Club, Inc. (SCI)
DBA: Flatwater Studios
Attn: Curt Daniels
709 West Park Ave
Suite D
Edgewater, Florida 32132
curt@flatwaterstudios.com
386-957-3925

As described below, the requested exemption would permit the operation of lightweight
(less than 55 lbs total take off gross weight) UASs under controlled conditions for
commercial use by professional certificated pilots thereby enhancing safety and fulfill the
Secretary of Transportation's (the FAA Administrator's) responsibilities to ".... establish
requirements for the safe operation of such aircraft systems in the national airspace
system." Section 333(c) of the Reform Act.

SCI respectfully requests the grant of an exemption to the following specific sections of
the Title 14 Code of federal Regulations allowing it to operate lightweight UAS's for
commercial use:

14 CFR 21, subpart H, 14 CFR 45.23(b), 14 CFR 91.7(a), 91.9 (b)(2),
91.103(b), 91.109, 91.119, 91.121, 91.151(a), 91.203(a) &(b), 91.405(a),
91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(2), 91.417(a) &(b)

SCI submits this application in accordance with the Reform Act, 112 P.L. 95 331-334,
seeking relief from any currently applicable FAR's operating to prevent SCI's future
commercial use of small UASs to operate in the national airspace system as described
below. The Reform Act Section 332 provides for such integration of civil unmanned
aircraft systems into our national airspace system as it is in the public's interest to do so.
SCI's lightweight UASs meet the definition of "small unmanned aircraft" as defined in
section 331 and therefore the integration of SCI's lightweight UASs are expressly
contemplated by the Reform Act. SCI would like to operate its lightweight UASs prior to
the time period by which the Reform Act requires the FAA to promulgate rules governing
such aircraft.

The Reform Act directs the Secretary of Transportation to consider whether certain
unmanned aircraft systems may operate safely in the national airspace system (NAS)
before completion of the rulemaking required under Section 332 of the Reform Act. In
making this determination, the Secretary is required to determine which types of UASs
do not create a hazard to users of the NAS or the public or pose a threat to national
security in light of the following:

· The UAS's size, weight, speed and operational capability
· Operation of the UAS in close proximity to airports and populated areas
· Operation of the UAS within visual line of sight of the operator Reform Act 333 (a)

If the secretary determines that such vehicles "may operate safely in the National
Airspace System, the Secretary shall establish requirements for the safe operation of such
aircraft in the National Airspace System."

SCI's UAS's are rotorcraft weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. They operate
at a speed of less than 50 knots and have the capability to hover and move in the vertical
and horizontal plane simultaneously. The UAS will operate only within the line of sight
of the pilot within a protected flight area as described below. Such operations will insure
that the UASs will not create a hazard to the users of the national airspace system or the
public.

The small nature of the UASs utilized by SCI combined with the safety protocols
outlined below will allow for a greater than equivalent level of safety in which Congress
envisioned that the FAA must, by exemption allow commercial operations of UASs to
commence immediately. Also due to the size of the UASs and the areas and altitudes they
will operate, approval of the exemption presents no national security issue and absolutely
minimal safety concerns which have been mitigated through a rigorous risk management
process. Given the clear direction given in Section 333 of the Reform Act, the authority
contained in the Federal Aviation Act, as amended; the strong equivalent level of safety
surrounding the proposed operations, the significant public benefit, including enhanced
safety, reduced emissions utilizing UASs vice traditional aircraft as well as the economic
impact of greatly reducing the cost of aerial photography thereby benefiting the greater
public's interest. Accordingly, the applicant requests that the FAA grant the requested
exemption without delay.

The following limitations are considered to be binding for the operation of UASs for
commercial purposes by SCI:

1. Flights will be operated in the line-of-sight by a ground-based pilot
2. Flights will only occur in the daytime and clear of clouds
3. The UASs will weigh less than 55lbs at take off and during flight
4. Flights will be terminated with 25% of battery life remaining
5. Flights will be operated at an altitude at or below 400' AGL
6. Pilots, camera operators and observers will be trained as to the applicable portion of
the UAS's manual as well as the SOPs.
7. Minimum UAS crew will be one certificated Commercial pilot or higher rating with a
current FAA medical. A camera operator and or observer may be added as required to
further reduce the possibility of task saturation by the pilot depending on the mission
requirements.
8. Pilot, observer and camera operator will maintain real time communication capability
throughout flight operations.
9. The UAS Pilot will conduct a full site survey to determine the Area of Responsibility
(AOR). This AOR is the actual area for UAS operations for a particular day. Each survey
will include the assessment of potential hazards to include but not limited to airspace
classification, NOTAMS, temporary flight restrictions, closest airport proximity, natural
and manmade obstacles, and unnecessary persons which may pose a risk to operations or
safety. If deemed necessary, the crew will employ additional personal as safety observers.
10. SCI will employ safety observers as well as sign notifications in areas close to public
activity.
11. A thorough briefing will be conducted, prior to the first flight of the day in an AOR,
utilizing the briefing guide in the SOPs. All persons who will be in the AOR while UAS
flights are conducted will be present for this briefing.
12. SCI will obtain consent (verbal or written) for any persons who need to be within 100
feet of UAS flight operations.
13. Written and or verbal permission from the relevant property owners will be obtained
prior to flight.
14. All required permissions and permits would be obtained from territorial, state, county
or city jurisdictions, including local law enforcement, fire or other governmental
agencies.
15. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UAS will have the
capability to return to a pre-determined location within the AOR and land autonomously.
16. The UAS will have the ability to abort a flight in case of unpredicted obstacles or
emergencies.

14 C.F.R Part 21 Subpart H: Airworthiness Certificates 14 C.F.R. 91.7(a), 91.203
(a)(1)
Subpart H, entitled Airworthiness Certificates, sets forth requirements for procurement of
necessary airworthiness certificates in relation to FAR 91.203(a)(1) The size, weight and
defined area of operations for SCI UAS flights permits exemption from Part 21 because
SCI meets an equivalent level of safety pursuant to Section 333 of the Reform Act. The
FAA is authorized to exempt aircraft from the airworthiness certificate requirement under
both the ACT (49 U.S. C. 44701(f)) and Section 333 of the Reform Act. Both pieces of
legislation permit the FAA to exempt UASs from the airworthiness certificate
requirement in consideration of weight, size, speed, maneuverability and proximity to
areas such as airports and dense populations. SCI meets or exceeds each of these
elements.

14 C.F.R. 91.203 (a &b) provides for carrying of civil aircraft certifications and
registrations. They are inapplicable for the same reasons stated above. The equivalent
level of safety will be achieved by maintaining such certifications and registrations at
SCI's flight operations center.

14 C.F.R. 91.7(a) prohibits the operation of an aircraft without an airworthiness
certificate. As no such certificate will be applicable in the form contemplated by the
FARs, this regulation is inapplicable.

14 C.F.R. 91.9(b)(2) Civil Aircraft Flight Manual in the Aircraft

14 C.F.R. 91.9(b)(2) requires an aircraft flight manual in the aircraft. As there are no
pilots of passengers, and given the size of the UASs, this regulation is inapplicable. An
equivalent level of safety will be achieved by maintaining an operators manual at the
flight operations center. The FAA has previously issued exemptions to this regulation in
Exemption Nos. 8607, 8737, 8738, 9299, 9299A, 9565, 9565B, 10167, 10167A, 10602,
10700 and 32827.

14 C.F.R. 91.103(b) Preflight actions

14 C.F.R. 91.103 Each pilot in command shall, before beginning a flight, become
familiar with all available information concerning that flight. This information must
include: (b) For any flight, runway lengths at airports of intended use, and the following
takeoff and landing distance information. This subparagraph is not applicable due to our
off airfield operations.

14 C.F.R. 91.109 Flight instructions; Simulated instrument flight and certain flight
tests.

14 C.F.R. 91.109 and all the subparagraphs address the operation of a civil manned
aircraft in conjunction with training and flight tests. The UAS to be employed by SCI are
not designated in this category.
14 C.F.R. 91.121 Altimeter Settings

14 C.F.R. 91.121 regarding altimeter settings is inapplicable because SCI UASs utilize
GPS systems and internal gyroscopes to provide spatial stability and a reference datum.

14 C.F.R. 91.151 Fuel Requirements for Flight in VFR Conditions

14 C.F.R. 91.151 prohibits an individual from beginning a "flight in an airplane under
VFR conditions unless (considering wind and forecast weather conditions) there is
enough fuel to fly to the first point of intended landing, and assuming normal cruising
speed- (1) During the day to fly after that for at least 30 minutes; or (2) At night, to fly
after that for at least 45 minutes.

The battery powering the UAS provides approximately 25 minutes of powered flight,
which is less than the reserve requirement alone by FARs for day or night VFR flight.
Given the limitations on the UAS's flight envelope, proposed AOR size, battery life and
its ability to land immediately it is reasonable to allow an exception.

An equivalent level of safety can be achieved by limiting flights to 25% of battery power.
This restriction would be more than adequate to return the UAS to its planned landing
zone in the AOR.

Similar exemptions have been granted to other operations, including Exemptions 2689F,
5745, 10673 and 10808.

14 C.F.R. 45.23 Marking of the Aircraft

Applicable Codes of Federal regulations require aircraft to be marked according to
certain specifications. SCI UASs are unmanned; do not have a cabin, cockpit or pilot
station on which to mark certain words or phrases. Further, two-inch lettering is
impractical to place on such small aircraft. SCI will, however, place the word
"EXPERIMENTAL" on its fuselage as required by 14 C.F.R. 45.29 (f) so that the pilot,
camera operator, observer and any other persons operating in the AOR can see the
markings on the UAS. The FAA has previously issued exemptions to this regulation
through Exemptions Nos. 8738, 10167, 10167 A, and 10700.

14 C.F.R. 91.119 Minimum Safe Altitudes

14 C.F.R. 91.119 prescribes safe altitudes for the operation of civil aircraft. It allows
helicopters to be operated at lower altitudes in certain conditions. SCI will only operate
its UASs at or below 400 AGL. SCI will operate its UASs in a defined AOR that has
been carefully reviewed for hazards and minimizes the presence of any persons not
essential for operations. Flights will only be conducted over private property with consent
of the property owner. The equivalent level of safety will be achieved given the size,
weight and speed of the UAS as well as the location where it is operated. Compared to
flight operations with traditional aircraft or rotorcraft weighing far more than 55lbs,
operating below 500 AGL with flammable fuel UAS operations present a far smaller risk.

14 C.F.R. 91.405 (a), 407 (a)(1), 409(a)(2), 417(a&b) Maintenance Inspections

These regulations require that an aircraft operator or owner "shall have the aircraft
inspected as prescribed in subpart E of this part and shall between required inspections,
except as prescribed in paragraph (c) of this section, have discrepancies repaired as
prescribed in part 43 of this chapter, and others shall inspect or maintain the aircraft in
compliance with Part 43.

These regulations only apply to aircraft with an airworthiness certificate. They will not,
therefore, apply to SCI UASs should its requested exemption be granted. As an
equivalent level of safety SCI requires its pilots to conduct a preflight, through flight and
post flight inspection of the UAS to ensure it's flight worthiness prior to launch. Each
UAS is flown in compliance with the applicable manufactures manual to include all
software update cycles as well as flight checklists. In the event of a malfunction the UAS
can land immediately.

Privacy
All flights will occur over private or controlled access property with the property owner's
prior consent and knowledge.

Summary

SCI is seeking exemption from the following rules:

14 CFR 21, subpart H, 14 CFR 45.23(b), 14 CFR 91.7(a), 91.9 (b)(2), 91.103(b), 91.109,
91.119, 91.121, 91.151(a), 91.203(a)&(b), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(2),
91.417(a)&(b).

Approval of the above exemptions allowing commercial operations of small UASs in the
service of aerial photography will greatly enhance safety by reducing the overall risk
associated with traditional aircraft. Traditional aerial photography requires large aircraft
weighing thousands of pounds and carrying hundreds of pound of fuel presenting a
significant risk to life and property. With SCI's use of small UASs weighing less than 55
lbs, powered by batteries and operating at or below 400 AGL they virtually eliminate all
of the risk associated with traditional aerial photography. The UASs will carry no people
thereby eliminating the exposure to the risks associated with flying while accomplishing
the same task in a much safer manner.

Granting SCI the above exemptions will allow for the expansion of UAS systems into the
future, in a professional, safety conscious culture steep in the tradition of Aviation. The
safety culture established by the founding members of SCI is based on our 35+ years of
business experience.
.
SCI respectfully requests that the FAA grant its exception without delay. The FAA has
the authority to issue the exemption sought by SCI pursuant to the Federal Aviation Act,
85 P.L. 726 (1958), as amended (the "Act").

Sincerely,

Curt Daniels
Seminole Club, Inc.
DBA: Flatwater Studios
709 West Park Ave
Suite D
Edgewater, FL 32132
July 29, 2015

ID: FAA-2015-0953-000

United States Department of Transportation
Docket Management System
1200 New Jersey Ave., SE
West Building Ground Floor Room W12-140
Washington, DC 20590

Re: Exemption Request Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Reform Act of 2012

Dear Sir or Madam:

In response to you letter dated July 2, 2015, we wish to provide you the following
information as per your request.

The specific reasons we seek relief is to operate in the following areas of commerce:

1. Closed Set Filming

         Our MPTOM is outlined in the documents we provided in our original exemption
         request. Please refer to the two published documents labeled:

         A. Seminole Club, Inc. d/b/a Flatwater Studios ­ UAV Flight Operations Manual
         B. Seminole Club, Inc. d/b/a Flatwater Studios ­ Preflight Checklist

2. Geographical Mapping

3. Agricultural Mapping and Analysis

4. Real Estate Photography and Video

5. General Aerial Photography and Video

In addition, we are providing to you all of the Release forms we currently use in out film
and photography operations.

We hope this information helps clear up any concerns the FAA has toward our approval
process. If more information is needed, we are always available to provide to your office
any and all requested documentation. Thank you for you time and consideration.

Sincerely,
Curt Daniels
Seminole Club, Inc.
DBA: Flatwater Studios
709 West Park Ave
Suite D
Edgewater, FL 32132
