September 14, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12840
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA-2015-2076

Mr. Marcelino A. Belizario
Shakyamuni Films, LLC
8148 Turbys Treehouse Place
Las Vegas, NV 89131

Dear Mr. Belizario:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter posted to the public docket June 4, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation
Administration (FAA) on behalf of Shakyamuni Films, LLC (hereinafter petitioner or
operator) for an exemption. The petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system
(UAS) to conduct aerial videography and cinematography.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a DJI Inspire 1.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
                                                                                                                 2

aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Shakyamuni Films, LLC is granted an exemption from
14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c),
91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to
the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                             3

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Shakyamuni Films, LLC is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Inspire 1 when
    weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any other
    aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
    not permitted.

3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
    exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
    compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
    airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
    aircraft manufacturer.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.

    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
    electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
    must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
    required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
                                                                                                            4

    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
                                                                                                            5

    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
                                                                                                               6

       (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
       be as large as practicable.

   23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
       any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
       PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
       These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
       official upon request.

   24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
       activities at all times.

   25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

   26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
       persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
          a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
             from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
             that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
             where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
             the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
             of nonparticipating persons; and
          b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
             for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
             the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
             present an undue hazard.

       The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
       nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

   27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
       permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
       Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
       obtained for each flight to be conducted.

   28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
       boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
       to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
       reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
       contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.
                                                                                                                 7

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.

This exemption terminates on September 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,
/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
U. S. Department of Transportation Docket Management System
1200 New Jersey Ave, SE Washington, DC 20590
Exemption Request Section 333 of the FAA Reform Act of the Federal Aviation
Regulations from Part 21; 14 C.F.R. 45.23(b); 14 C.F.R. Part 21; 14 C.F.R.
61.113(a)&(b); 91.7(a); 91.9(b) (2); 91.121; 91.151(a); 91.203(a)&(b); 91.405(a);
91.407(a) (1); 91.409(a) (2); 91.417(a)&(b) ; 91.119c

Dear Sir or Madam,

I, Marcelino A Belzario (dba Shakyamuni Films, LLC), am writing pursuant to the FAA
Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 and the procedures contained within 14
C.F.R. 11, to request that I, Marcelino A Belizario (dba Shakyamuni Filmsm, LLC), a
private pilot, AMA Member, and owner and operator of small unmanned aircraft, be
exempted from the Federal Aviation Regulations ("FARs") listed below so that I,
Marcelino A Belizario (dba Shakyamuni Films, LLC), may operate my small hobby level
light weight unmanned aircraft system ("UAS") commercially in airspace regulated by
the Federal Aviation Administration ("FAA"). The Multicopter is as follows...

· DJI Inspire 1 using DJI Inspire 1 stock Remote Control

Flight operations with DJI Inspire 1 will be as follows. Line of site operation only, 200ft
height restriction, 30kt speed, and 1500ft max lateral distance, GPS guided with return
to home capability. 100+ hours of flight time experience have been logged by me for my
multicopter and I will be the sole operator of the multicopter.

As described herein I, Marcelino A Belizario (dba Shakyamuni Films, LLC), am a Private
Pilot with a Class III Medical Certificate; experienced in flying hobby RC Aircraft and
Multicopters for recreational purposes as well as personal manned aircraft. My intent for
aerial videography/cinematography to enhance community awareness for those
individuals and companies unfamiliar with the geographical layout of the areas in which
we are operating, community awareness, aerial media for business and real estate
photography and videos at less cost and lower threat (accident impact and lower
emissions) than manned aircraft, thereby increasing safety and ecological impact to the
public and promote economic growth for the areas in which we are operating.

My, Marcelino A. Belizario (Shakyamuni Films, LLC)'s, exemption request would permit
operation of ultra-light weight, unmanned (piloted by remote control) and comparatively
inexpensive UAS(s) in tightly controlled and limited airspace predetermined in areas
away from general public, airports, heliports and vehicular traffic for community videos,
and within property boundaries for small business and individual real estate listing
videos/photos with the permission of the property owners or designee. Currently, similar
lightweight, remote controlled UAS's are legally operated by unmonitored amateur
hobbyists with no safety plan or controls. I, Marcelino A Belizario (dba Shakyamuni
Films, LLC), have personally instilled safety within AMA guidelines, AC 91.57 circular,
and Certificated Manned Aircraft Knowledge.

                                                                                                                              1
Operation of UAS will be per attached user guides and modified RCAPA checklists, AC
91-57 (400 ft max height, Line of site, not within Class C or B airspace, and only in
Class D with prior permission and Transceiver contact with Control tower, Class G and
E airports at least 3 miles from airports or with proper Airspace procedures
Authorization or Contact, and under VFR rules.

Granting my, Marcelino A. Belizario (dba Shakyamuni Films, LLC)'s, request comports
with the Secretary of Transportation's (FAA Administrator's) responsibilities and
authority to not only integrate UAS's into the national airspace system, but to
"...establish requirements for the safe operation of such aircraft systems [UAS's] in the
national airspace system" under Section 333(c) of the Reform Act specific to the use of
UAS's for aerial media and real estate purposes. Further I, Marcelino A. Belizario (dba
Shakyamuni Films, LLC), will conduct my operations in compliance with the protocols
described herein or as otherwise established by the FAA.

For the reasons stated below I, Shakyamuni Films (dba Shakyamuni Films, LLC),
respectfully request the grant of an exemption allowing me to operate ultra light weight,
remote controlled UAS's for academic community awareness to benefit/ stimulate
attraction to the areas of operation and to enhance aerial media for small business and
real estate listing videos for homeowners who cannot afford expensive manned aircraft
for the same purpose. Both of which will promote local economic growth through
increased employment and increased tax base. Both with public safety in mind by
keeping heavier manned aircraft containing combustible fuels and emissions that that
poses potential public hazard.

This exception is similar and has precedence as exemption 11153 (Burnzeye View,
INC.) and exemption 11138 (Douglas Trudeau).

I have attached...

      Operator Manuals for the DJI Inspire 1 (Maintenance, Quick Start, User)
      DJI Disclaimer and Warnings | Release Notes
      Personal (RCAPA modified) Operational/preflight checklist guidelines

I. Contact Information:
Shakyamuni Films (dba Shakyamuni Films, LLC)
8148 Turbys Treehouse Place Las Vegas, NV 89131
Phone: (702) 985-8690
Email: shakyamunifilms@live.com

II. The Specific Sections of Title 14 of the Code of Federal Regulations From

                                                                                           2
Which Marcelino A Belizario (dba Shakyamuni Films, LLC) Requests Exemption
Are:

14 C.F.R. Part 21
14 C.F.R. 45.23(b);
91.9(b) (2);
91.203(a)&(b);
14 C.F.R. §§ 61.23(a) and (c)
14 C.F.R. §§ 61.101(e)(4) and (5)
14 C.F.R. § 61.113(a)
14 C.F.R. § 61.315(a)
14 C.F.R. § 91.7(a)
14 C.F.R. § 91.119(c)
14 C.F.R. § 91.121
14 C.F.R. § 91.151(a)(1)
14 C.F.R. § 91.405(a)
14 C.F.R. § 91.407(a)(1)
14 C.F.R. §§ 91.409(a)(1) and (2)
14 C.F.R. §§ 91.417(a) and (b)

III. The Extent of relief Marcelino A Belizario (dba Shakyamuni Films, LLC)
and the Reason He Seeks Such Relief:

I, Marcelino A Belizario (dba Shakyamuni Films, LLC), submit this application in
accordance with the Reform Act, 112 P.L. 95 §§ 331-334, seeking relief from any
currently applicable FARs operating to prevent me, Marcelino A Belizario (dba
Shakyamuni Films, LLC), contemplated commercial cinematic, academic and other
flight operations within the national airspace system. The Reform Act in Section
332 provides for such integration of civil unmanned aircraft systems into our
national airspace system as it is in the public's interest to do so. My, Marcelino A
Belizario (dba Shakyamuni Films, LLC)'s, ultra light weight RC multicopter meets
the definition of "small unmanned aircraft" as defined in Section 331 and therefore the
integration omg small UAS's are expressly contemplated by the Reform Act. I would like
to operate my multicopters commercially prior to the time period by which the Reform
Act requires the FAA to promulgate rules governing such craft. The Reform Act guides
the Secretary in determining the types of UAS's that may operate safely in our national
airspace system. Considerations nclude: The weight, size, speed and overall
capabilities of the UAS's; Whether the UAS will be operated near airports or heavily
populated areas; and, Whether the UAS will be operated by line of sight. 112 P.L. 95 §
333 (a). Each of these items reflect in favor of an exemption for me, Marcelino A
Belizario (dba Shakyamuni Films, LLC). My multicopter uses four (4) counter-rotating
propellers for balance, control and stability. My UAS is equipped with GPS and auto
return safety technology. Weighing less than seven (7) pounds (far
below the maximum 55 pound limit); including camera.

I, Marcelino A Belizario (dba Shakyamuni Films, LLC), considers safety as foremost

                                                                                                                              3
with each flight. I am an experienced certificated manned Private Pilot and have
knowledge of Airspace and manned flight operations. I have 100+ hours of
experience with said multi rotor (DJI Inspire 1) and will operate each flight per attached
user guides and modified RCAPA checklists, AC 91-57 (200 ft max height, Line of site,
not within Class C or B airspace, only in Class D with prior permission and
Transceiver contact with Control tower, Class G and E airports at least 3 miles
from airports or with proper Airspace procedures Authorization or Contact, and under
VFR rules.

The multicopter and it's control system operates with GPS and accelerometers which
keep the systems in place with no control input and allow return to home if the radio
control signal is loss.

I never take off without fully charged batteries and I land with at least 30% battery life,
have a real time feed of battery power and visual indication for the Inspire 1. Multirotor
has autoland capability if battery life is low.

Typical flight time is 7 to 15 minutes and operation is Line of site only, 200ft
height restriction, 30kt speed, and 1500ft max lateral distance.

I, Marcelino A Belizario (dba Shakyamuni Films, LLC)'s, am extremely cautious when
operating of my UAS/ultra light weight unmanned aircraft and will not "create a hazard
to users of the national airspace system or the public." 112 P.L. 95 § 333
(b). Given the small size and weight of my UAS it falls well within Congress's
contemplated safety zone when it promulgated the Reform Act and the
corresponding directive to integrate UAS's into the national airspace system.
Marcelino A Belizario (dba Shakyamuni Films, LLC)'s UAS, used in hobby flight, has a
demonstrable safety record and does not pose any threat to the general public or
national security.

IV. How Marcelino A Belizario (dba Shakyamuni Films, LLC)'s Request Will
Benefit the Public As A Whole:

Aerial videography for business use, geographical awareness and for real estate
marketing has been traditionally completed with manned fixed wing aircraft and
helicopters. Aerial videography is cost prohibitive. Only large businesses and
high end Realtors or luxury homeowners can afford such expense. This deprives
small businesses, non-luxury homeowners, and small budget Realtors from a
valuable marketing tool. Manned aircraft pose more of a threat to both the pilots
and the general public due to the size and the combustable fuel held on board.
than do small UAS which are low mass and contain no fuel.

Congress has already proclaimed that it is in the public's interest to integrate
commercially flown UAS's into the national airspace system. The multicopters proposed
for exemption are battery powered and creates no emissions that can harm the

                                                                                                                              4
environment. The consequence of a small UAS crashing is far less than a full size
helicopter or fixed wing aircraft.

Permitting me, Marcelino A Belizario (dba Shakyamuni Films, LLC), to immediately fly
within national air space furthers economic growth. Granting my exemption
request substantially furthers the economic impact for the Las Vegas
community, in which I'm, Marcelino A Belizario (dba Shakyamuni Films, LLC), based
and for companies looking to relocate or build in the areas of operation as well
as individuals looking to relocate for career advancement through academic and
geographical awareness. Both of which serve as a stimulus to the community.

V. Reasons Why Marcelino A Belizario (dba Shakyamuni Films, LLC)'s Exemption
Will Not Adversely Affect Safety Or How The Exemption Will Provide a
Level of Safety At Least Equal To Existing Rule:

My, Marcelino A Belizario (dba Shakyamuni Films, LLC)'s, exemption will not adversely
affect safety.

I will be flying UAS with tighter restrictions than the general hobbyist who may
or may not be operating to AC 91-57.

As a Certificated Private Pilot, local to the area, I have knowledge of airspace and
aircraft operations as well as basic sectional knowledge.

My operations will typically occur in non navigable airspace or airspace that manned
aircraft should not be flying in. <200 feet AGL.

As a commercial interest, I will have a vested interest in safety to build business and
community integrity and respect.

The UAS's I will be flying are 5 and 14 lbs takeoff weight and contain no flammable
aviation fuel compared to a equivalent manned aircraft. Much less mass, energy,
flammability compared to a full size aircraft.

The aircraft will only operate 7-15 minutes per flight minimizing risk compared to full size
aircraft.

Multicopter is directly controlled, line of site, with return to home capability. As the sole
operator, have 100+ hours on my multicopter.

Prescribe to RCAPA checklists, AC 91-57, user manuals attached for each flight.

My, Marcelino A Belizario (dba Shakyamuni Films, LLC)'s, safety protocols provide a
level of safety equal to or exceeding existing rules. It is important to note that absent the
integration of commercial UAS into our national airspace system, helicopters are the
primary means of aerial video and photography for community awareness and real

                                                                                                                              5
estate. While the safety record of such helicopters is remarkably astounding, there have
been several incidents across the nation involving loss of life as well as extensive
property damage; it is far safer to operate a battery powered ultra-light weight UAS.

UAS's do not need to operate as high as manned aircraft and pose less potential
energy and a less volatility in a crash.

VI. Permissions and Permitting

A. All required permissions and permits shall be obtained from territorial, state, county
or city jurisdictions, including local law enforcement or other appropriate governmental
agencies.

B. At least three days before a scheduled operational flight, Shakyamuni Films, LLC,
shall submit a written plan of activities to the local flight standards district office (FSDO)
with jurisdiction over the area of the proposed flight. The 3 day notification may be
waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. i) The plan of activities shall include at least
the following:

         1. Dates and times for all requested flights.
         2. Name and phone number of Shakyamuni Films, LLC sUAS Flight

            Operations.
         3. Name, certificate and phone number of PIC responsible.
         4. Make, model and N-Number of sUAS to be used
         5. Statement from Shakyamuni Films, LLC that it will be operating on

            approved privately owned and operated property; the list of those who gave
            permission shall be made available to the inspector upon request.
         6. Description of flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area over
            which flights will be conducted, the relationship of that area to any nearby city,
            town, etc., and the altitudes essential to accomplish the operation.
         7. Signature of the exemption-holder or representative

C. Documents required under 14 CFR 91.9 and 91.203 shall be readily available to the
PIC anytime the aircraft is in operation. These documents shall be made available to the
Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

D. Shakyamuni Films, LLC shall obtain an Air Traffic Organization (ATO) issued
Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA) prior to conducting any operations under
this grant of exemption.

E. Shakyamuni Films, LLC shall also request a Notice to Airman (NOTAM) not
more than 72 hours in advance, but not less than 48 hours prior to the operation.

F. Shakyamuni Films, LLC shall obtain the consent of all persons involved in the
operation and ensure that only consenting persons be allowed within 500 feet of the
Operations Area.

                                                                                                                              6
VII. A Summary The FAA May Publish in the Federal Register:

A. 14 C.F.R. 21 and 14 C.F.R. 91: Airworthiness Certificates, Manuals and The
Like.

14 C.F.R. 21, Subpart H, entitled Airworthiness Certificates, sets forth requirements for
procurement of necessary airworthiness certificates in relation to FAR § 91.203(a)(1).
The size, weight of my, Marcelino A Belizario (dba Shakyamuni Films, LLC)'s, UAS's
permits exemption from Part 21 because my UAS meets (and exceeds) an equivalent
level of safety pursuant to Section 333 of the Reform Act. The FAA is authorized to
exempt aircraft from the airworthiness certificate requirement under both the Act (49
U.S.C. § 44701 (f)) and Section 333 of the Reform Act. Both pieces of legislation permit
the FAA to exempt UAS's from the airworthiness certificate requirement in consideration
of the weight, size, speed, maneuverability and proximity to areas such as airports and
dense populations. My, Marcelino A Belizario (dba Shakyamuni Films, LLC)'s, current
and projected UAS's meet or exceed each of the elements.
Precedence of exemption 11138

14 C.F.R. 91.7(a) prohibits the operation of an aircraft without an airworthiness
certificate. As no such certificate will be applicable in the form contemplated by the
FARs, this Regulation is inapplicable. Aircraft will be inspected and preflighted per
operators manual and attached preflight guidelines.

14 C.F.R. § 91.9 (b) (2) requires an aircraft flight manual in the aircraft. As there
are no on board pilots or passengers, and given the size of the UAS(s), this
Regulation is inapplicable. An equivalent level of safety will be achieved by maintaining
a safety/flight manual delineating areas of where safety can be defined. The FAA has
previously issued exemptions to this regulation in Exemption Nos. 8607, 8737, 8738,
9299, 9299A, 9565, 9565B, 10167, 10167A,10602, 10700 and 32827.

14 C.F.R. § 91.121 regarding altimeter settings is inapplicable insofar as the
UAS(s) utilizes electronic global positioning systems with a barometric sensor
which "zeros" at field elevation. Since flight times are limited to 15 minutes AGL
indications will be accurate.

14 C.F.R. § 91.151 Fuel requirements for flight in VFR conditions prescribed
minimums below entire duration of flight time of sUAS. SUAS will land with at
least 30% of battery life. Visual LED warnings from sUAS as well as telemetry
data will show battery level and auto land will begin at 30% battery life.

14 C.F.R. § 91.203 (a) and (b) provides for the carrying of civil aircraft
certifications and registrations. They are inapplicable for the same reasons
described above. The equivalent level of safety will be achieved by maintaining
any such required certifications and registrations by me, Marcelino A Belizario (dba
Shakyamuni Films, LLC).

                                                                                                                              7
14 C.F.R. § 45.23: Marking of The Aircraft.
Applicable Codes of Federal Regulation require aircraft to be marked according
to certain specifications. My UAS are, by definition, unmanned. They therefore do
not have a cabin, cockpit or pilot station on which to mark certain words or
phrases. Further, two-inch lettering is difficult to place. Per exemption 11138
which highlights previous exemptions, no marking is required or applicable.

14 C.F.R. §§ 61.113 (a) & (b), private pilots are limited to non-commercial
operations.

I, Marcelino A Belizario (dba Shakyamuni Films, LLC), can achieve an equivalent level
of safety as achieved by current Regulations because my UAS does not carry
any pilots or passengers. Further, I possess a private pilot license and a class III
medical certificate and have a knowledge of Airspace and aircraft operations and
have a personal interest that UAS and manned aircraft do not intersect. The
risks attended to the operation of my UAS is far less than the risk levels inherent
in the commercial activities outlined in 14 C.F.R. § 61, et seq. Thus, allowing me,
Marcelino A Belizario (dba Shakyamuni Films), to operate my UAS meet and
exceed current safety levels in relation to 14 C.F.R. §61.113 (a) & (b).

14 C.F.R. § 91.119c prescribes safe altitudes for the operation of civil aircraft. It
allows helicopters to be operated at lower altitudes in certain conditions. My UAS
will never operate at an altitude greater than 200 feet AGL. I, Marcelino A Belizario (dba
Shakyamuni Films, LLC), will however, operate my UAS in safe areas away from
public and traffic, only with permission of said property and structure owners or
designee, providing a level of safety at least equivalent to or below those in
relation to minimum safe altitudes. In addition the DJI flight controller
allows me to restrict the multicopters max height to 200 feet and 1500 feet
horizontal. Given the size, weight, maneuverability and speed of my UAS, an
equivalent or higher level of safety will be achieved.

Per exemption 11138 ... "If barriers or structures are present that can sufficiently
protect nonparticipating persons from the UA or debris in the event of an
accident, then the UA may operate closer than 500 feet to persons afforded such
protection. The operator must also ensure that nonparticipating persons remain
under such protection. If a situation arises where nonparticipating persons leave
such protection and are within 500 feet of the UA, flight operations must cease
immediately. When considering how to immediately cease operations, the
primary concern is the safety of those nonparticipating persons. In addition, the
FAA finds that operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet to vessels,
vehicles and structures when the owner/controller of any such vessels, vehicles
or structures grants permission for the operation and the PIC makes a safety
assessment of the risk of operating closer to those objects and determines that it
does not present an undue hazard."

                                                                                                                              8
14 C.F.R. 91.405 (a); 407 (a) (1); 409 (a) (2); 417(a) & (b): Maintenance
Inspections.

The above-cited Regulations require, amongst other things, aircraft owners and
operators to "have [the] aircraft inspected as prescribed in subpart E of this part
and shall between required inspections, except as provided in paragraph (c) of
this section, have discrepancies repaired as prescribed in part 43 of this
chapter. . . ."

These Regulations only apply to aircraft with an airworthiness certificate. They
will not, therefore, apply to my, Marcelino A Belizario (dba Shakyamuni Films, LLC)'s,
UAS. However, as a safety precaution I inspect my UAS before and after each
flight.

A Summary The FAA May Publish in the Federal Register: A. 14 C.F.R. 21 and 14
C.F.R. 91: Airworthiness Certificates, Manuals and The Like. 14 C.F.R. 21, Subpart H,
entitled Airworthiness Certificates, sets forth requirements for procurement of necessary
airworthiness certificates in relation to FAR §91.203(a)(1). The size, weight and
enclosed operational area of my UAS permits exemption from Part 21 because my,
Marcelino A Belizario (dba Shakyamuni Films, LLC)'s, UAS meets an equivalent level of
safety pursuant to Section 333 of the Reform Act. The FAA is authorized to exempt
aircraft from the airworthiness certificate requirement under both the Act (49 U.S.C. §
44701 (f)) and Section 333 of the Reform Act. Both pieces of legislation permit the FAA
to exempt UAS's from the airworthiness certificate requirement in consideration of the
weight, size, speed, maneuverability and proximity to areas such as airports and dense
populations. My UAS meets or exceeds each of the elements. 14C.F.R. 91.7(a)
prohibits the operation of an aircraft without an airworthiness certificate. As no such
certificate will be applicable in the form contemplated by the FARs, this Regulation is
inapplicable. 14 C.F.R. § 91.9 (b) (2) requires an aircraft flight manual in the aircraft. As
there are no pilots or passengers, and given the size of the UAS's, this Regulation is
inapplicable. An equivalent level of safety will be achieved by maintaining a manual.
The FAA has previously issued exemptions to this regulation in Exemption Nos. 8607,
8737, 8738, 9299, 9299A, 9565, 9565B, 10167, maintenance program that involves
regular software updates and curative measures for any damaged hardware. Therefore,
an equivalent level of safety will be achieved.

Request precedence of 11138 exemption...

"7) Prior to each flight, the PIC must inspect the UAS to ensure it is in a condition
for safe flight. If the inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation
of the UAS, the UAS is prohibited from operating until the necessary
maintenance has been performed and the UAS is found to be in a condition for
safe flight. The Ground Control Station must be included in the preflight
inspection. All maintenance and alterations must be properly documented in the
aircraft records.

                                                                                        9
8) Any UAS maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation or flight
characteristics, e.g. replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo a
functional test flight. The PIC who conducts the functional test flight must make
an entry in the aircraft records.

9) The pre-flight inspection section in the operating documents must account for
all discrepancies, i.e. inoperable components, items, or equipment, not already
covered in the relevant sections of the operating documents.

10) The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's aircraft/component,
maintenance, overhaul, replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements.

11) The operator must carry out its maintenance, inspections, and record keeping
requirements, in accordance with the operating documents. Maintenance,
inspection, and alterations must be noted in the aircraft records, including total
flight hours, description of work accomplished, and the signature of the
authorized person returning the UAS to service.

12) Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
Safety Bulletins.

13) The authorized person must make an entry in the aircraft record of the
corrective action taken against discrepancies discovered between inspections."

In summary, Marcelino A Belizario (dba Shakyamuni Films, LLC) seeks an
exemption from the following Regulations:

Part 21; 14 C.F.R. 45.23(b); 14 C.F.R. Part 21; 14 C.F.R. 61.113(a)&(b); 91.7(a);
91.9(b) (2); 91.121; 91.151(a); 91.203(a)&(b); 91.405(a); 91.407(a) (1); 91.409(a)
(2); 91.417(a)&(b) ; 91.119c) to commercially operate my, Marcelino A Belizario (dba
Shakyamuni Films, LLC)'s, small unmanned vehicle/lightweight unmanned aircraft
vehicle in community awareness, small business, and real estate operations, and
to develop economic platforms for real estate to enhance the experience of those
seeking to relocate to the Las Vegas area. Currently, aerial media for small
business,area awareness, and real estate aerial videography/photography relies
primarily on the use of larger aircraft running on combustible fuel. Posing
potential risk to the public. Granting my, Marcelino A Belizario (dba Shakyamuni Films,
LLC)'s, request for exemption will reduce current risk levels and thereby enhance
safety. My UAS craft do not contain potentially explosive fuel, is smaller, lighter and
more maneuverable than conventional real estate video and photographic aircraft with
much less flight time. Further, I operate at lower altitudes in primarily non navigable
airspace eliminating potential public risk flying to and from established air fields. Formal
collection of information shared with the FAA will enhance the FAA's internal efforts to
establish protocols for complying with the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012.
There are no personnel on board my, Shakyamuni Films (dba Shakyamuni Films,

                                                                                                                             10
LLC)'s, UAS and therefore the likelihood of death or serious bodily injury is significantly
diminished. My, Shakyamuni Films (dba Shakyamuni Films, LLC)'s, operation of my
UAS, weighing less than 7 pounds and traveling at lower speeds within limited areas will
provide an equivalent level of safety as that achieved under current FARs. Accordingly
I, Marcelino A Belizario (dba Shakyamuni Films, LLC), respectfully request that the FAA
grant my exemption request and am willing to cooperate in sharing information to
benefit the FAA, safety of manned aircraft, and the general public at large.
Respectfully submitted,
Marcelino A Belizario (Shakyamuni Films, LLC)

                                                                                                                             11
