April 17, 2015

                                                          Exemption No. 11378
                                                          Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­0065

Mr. Shanon Kern
3589 Hume Street
West Sacramento, CA 95691

Dear Mr. Kern:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

The Basis for Our Decision

By letter posted January 14, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA)
for an exemption. The exemption would allow the petitioner to operate an unmanned aircraft
system (UAS) to conduct aerial photography, videography, and cinematography.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner are the DJI Phantom and DJI F550.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
                                                                                                                 2

provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS aerial data collection. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Shanon Kern is granted an exemption from 14 CFR
§§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121,
91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to the
extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Shanon Kern is hereafter referred to as the operator.
                                                                                                                 3

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom and
         DJI F550 when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations
         of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC must
         be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
         documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
         Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
         limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
         the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
         Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
         documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
         operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
         documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
                                                                                                            4

    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update or
    revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then the
    operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's UAS
    Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding updates or
    revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g. replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g. inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and aircraft
    components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer safety
    bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Colombia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
                                                                                                            5

    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current FAA-
    published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a pre-
    determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification (N-
    Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must be
    as large as practicable.
                                                                                                               6

   23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
       any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
       PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating. These
       documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
       official upon request.

   24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
       activities at all times.

   25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

   26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
       persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
          a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
             from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
             that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
             where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
             the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
             of nonparticipating persons; and
          b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
             for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
             the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
             present an undue hazard.

       The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
       nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

   27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
       permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
       Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
       obtained for each flight to be conducted.

   28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
       boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
       to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
       reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
       contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

   29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
       as documented in this grant of exemption.
                                                                                                                 7

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.

This exemption terminates on April 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service
Re: Exemption Request Section 333 of the FAA Reform Act of the Federal
Aviation Regulations from 14 C.F.R. Part 21; 14 C.F.R. 61.113(a)&(b); 91.7(a);
91.9(b) (2); 91.109; 119.121; 91.151(a); 91.203(a)&(b); 91.405(a); 91.407(a) (1);
91.409(a) (2); 91.417(a)&(b)

Dear Sir or Madam,

I, Shanon Kern, am writing pursuant to the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of
2012 and the procedures contained within 14 C.F.R. 11, to request that I,
Shanon Kern, an owner and operator of small unmanned aircraft, be exempted
from the Federal Aviation Regulations ("FARs") listed below so that I, Shanon
Kern, may operate my small ultra light weight unmanned aircraft system ("UAS")
commercially in airspace regulated by the Federal Aviation Administration
("FAA").

As described herein I, Shanon Kern, am a licensed Private Pilot ASEL, and an
experienced RC multi-copter enthusiast, in the state of California. I intend to use
my DJI Phantom and DJI F550 equipped with a GoPro camera for aerial
photography/videography/cinematography. My small lightweight UAS is a cost
effective and potentially safer option than utilizing the industry standard single
engine plane or rotorcraft for aerial photography. As a private pilot ASEL, I am
very aware of the dangers that lay inside our national air space. If given the
exemptions required to commercially fly a UAS, I will continue to operate my
UAS in a safe and effective manner. I am currently in the process of building the
required cross-country hours in order to become a commercial and instrument
rated pilot. I have developed a series of pre-flight, in-flight and post-flight
checklists that will ensure safe operation. I have developed safety protocols and
controls to avoid and prevent public hazard, as well as manned aircraft
hazards/catastrophe.

Granting my, Shanon Kern's, request comports with the Secretary of
Transportation's (FAA Administrator's) responsibilities and authority to not only
integrate UAS's into the national airspace system, but to "...establish
requirements for the safe operation of such aircraft systems [UAS's] in the
national airspace system" under Section 333(c) of the Reform Act specific to the
use of UAS's for commercial photography. Further I, Shanon Kern, will conduct
my operations in compliance with the protocols described herein or as otherwise
established by the FAA.

For the reasons stated below I, Shanon Kern, respectfully request the grant of an
exemption allowing me to operate ultra light weight, remote controlled UAS's for
commercial aerial photography/videography/cinematography.
I. Contact Information:
         Shanon Kern
         3589 Hume st, West Sacramento, CA 95691
         shanon.kern@icloud.com

II. The Specific Sections of Title 14 of the Code of Federal Regulations
From Which Shanon Kern Requests Exemption are:

14 CFR 21;                                    14 C F R 61.113 (a)
(1);        14 C F R 409 (a) (2);and,14 C F R 417 (a) & (b

III. The Extent of relief Shanon Kern seeks and the Reason He Seeks Such
Relief:

I, Shanon Kern, submit this application in accordance with the Reform Act, 112
P.L. 95 §§ 331-334, seeking relief from any currently applicable FARs operating
to prevent me, Shanon Kern, contemplated commercial cinematic, academic and
other flight operations within the national airspace system. The Reform Act in
Section 332 provides for such integration of civil unmanned aircraft systems into
our national airspace system as it is in the public's interest to do so. My, Shanon
Kern's, ultra light weight UAS meets the definition of "small unmanned aircraft" as
defined in Section 331 and therefore the integration of my ultra light weight UAS
is expressly contemplated by the Reform Act. I would like to operate my ultra
light weight UAS prior to the time period by which the Reform Act requires the
FAA to promulgate rules governing such craft. The Reform Act guides the
Secretary in determining the types of UAS's that may operate safely in our
national airspace system. Considerations include: The weight, size, speed and
overall capabilities of the UAS's; Whether the UAS will be operated near airports
or heavily populated areas; and, Whether the UAS will be operated by line of
sight. 112 P.L. 95 § 333 (a). Each of these items reflect in favor of an exemption
for me, Shanon Kern. My UAS utilizes four (4) counter-rotating propellers for
balance, control and stability. My UAS is equipped with GPS and auto return
safety technology. Weighing less than five (5) pounds (far below the maximum
55 pound limit); including camera with gimbal.

I, Shanon Kern, consider safety as foremost with each flight. My UAS is designed
to hover in place via GPS and operate in less than a 20 knot wind. For safety,
stability and fear of financial loss I will not fly in winds exceeding 10 KPH. Built in
safety systems include a GPS mode that allows my UAS to hover in place when
radio controls are released. . When pilot communication is lost UAS is designed
slowly descend to point of take off. I do not operate my UAS near airports,
Hospitals nor Police heliports, and do not operate near areas where general
public is within fifty to one hundred (50-100) yards depending on location,
conditions and weather. . When pilot communication is lost my UAS is designed
slowly descend to the point of take off. I do not operate my UAS near airports,
hospitals nor police heliports, and do not operate near areas where general
public is within fifty to one hundred (50-100) yards depending on location,
conditions and weather. Utilizing battery power rather than combustible fuels,
flights generally last between three (3) to seven (7) minutes, with an altitude
under one hundred fifty (150) feet AGL. I, Shanon Kern, will operate my UAS with
a fully charged battery and will ensure there is enough power to return to the
original starting destination with 2 minutes reserve on a battery as tested lasting
15 minutes.

My skills as a private pilot have made me hyper vigilant when it comes to the
safe and effective use of my UAS. I use the same pre-flight techniques on my
UAS as I use in a airplane. By using FAA approved weather I am able to better
understand the operating environment, while checking NOTAMS, METARS and
other pertinent information. I have 10+ years experience operating RC
helicopters and UAS's. I believe that my knowledge as a private pilot will assist in
properly understanding the potential hazards to persons and property as I
operate in the national air space. The UAS I am currently using can be
purchased and built off the shelf. By granting me an exemption, I am operating
my UAS with significantly more restrictions then the hobby UAS operator.

IV. How Shanon Kern's Request Will Benefit the Public As A Whole:

Aerial videography is traditionally achieved using small single engine aircraft
equipped with large cameras. In order to achieve a clear picture, the pilot is
tasked with performing ground reference maneuvers at around 1000ft AGL. By
utilizing a UAS for this function, pilots reduce the risk of damages to persons or
property in the event of an in flight emergency. Congress has already proclaimed
that it is in the public's interest to integrate commercially flown UAS's into the
national airspace system, hence the passing of the Reform Act.

V. Reasons Why Shanon Kern's Exemption Will Not Adversely Affect Safety
Or How The Exemption Will Provide a Level of Safety At Least Equal To
Existing Rule:

I, Shanon Kern, believe that by allowing this exemption, it will create the
beginning framework for other UAS enthusiasts to operate their aircraft in a much
more regulated and safer environment. By creating laws and regulations for
commercial UAS use, it will legitimize the industry and create a clear path for
safer aviation.

I have the knowledge and skills to understand the intricacies of locating and
flying in different air spaces. I have set standards and practices that allow for a
much safer use than the average UAS hobbyist. My UAS is equipped with fail
safe programming that allows it to fly and return safely if the pilot were to become
incapacitated, or the connection was lost.
VI. A Summary The FAA May Publish in the Federal Register:

A. 14 C.F.R. 21 and 14 C.F.R. 91: Airworthiness Certificates, Manuals and The
Like.

14 C.F.R. 21, Subpart H, entitled Airworthiness Certificates, sets forth
requirements for procurement of necessary airworthiness certificates in relation
to FAR § 91.203(a)(1). The size, weight and enclosed operational area of my,
Shanon Kern's, UAS permits exemption from Part 21 because my UAS meets
(and exceeds) an equivalent level of safety pursuant to Section 333 of the
Reform Act. The FAA is authorized to exempt aircraft from the airworthiness
certificate requirement under both the Act (49 U.S.C. § 44701 (f)) and Section
333 of the Reform Act. Both pieces of legislation permit the FAA to exempt UAS's
from the airworthiness certificate requirement in consideration of the weight, size,
speed, maneuverability and proximity to areas such as airports and dense
populations. My, Shanon Kern's current and projected UAS's meet or exceed
each of the elements.

14 C.F.R. 91.7(a) prohibits the operation of an aircraft without an airworthiness
certificate. As no such certificate will be applicable in the form contemplated by
the FARs, this Regulation is inapplicable.

14 C.F.R. § 91.9 (b) (2) requires an aircraft flight manual in the aircraft. As there
are no on board pilots or passengers, and given the size of the UAS's, this
Regulation is inapplicable. An equivalent level of safety will be achieved by
maintaining a

B.

safety/flight manual delineating areas of where safety can be defined.10 The
FAA has previously issued exemptions to this regulation in Exemption Nos. 8607,
8737, 8738, 9299, 9299A, 9565, 9565B, 10167, 10167A, 10602, 10700 and
32827.

14 C.F.R. § 91.121 regarding altimeter settings is inapplicable insofar as my UAS
utilizes electronic global positioning systems with a barometric sensor.

14 C.F.R. § 91.203 (a) and (b) provides for the carrying of civil aircraft
certifications and registrations. They are inapplicable for the same reasons
described above. The equivalent level of safety will be achieved by maintaining
any such required certifications and registrations by me, Shanon Kern.

14 C.F.R. § 45.23: Marking of The Aircraft.

Applicable Codes of Federal Regulation require aircraft to be marked according
to certain specifications. My UAS are, by definition, unmanned. They therefore do
not have a cabin, cockpit or pilot station on which to mark certain words or
phrases. Further, two-inch lettering is difficult to place on such small aircraft with
dimensions smaller that minimal lettering requirement. Regardless, I will mark its
UASs in the largest possible lettering by placing the word "EXPERIMENTAL" on
its fuselage as required by 14 C.F.R. §45.29 (f) so that I the pilot, or anyone
assisting me as a spotter with the UAV will see the markings. The FAA has
previously issued exemptions to this regulation through Exemptions Nos. 8738,
10167, 10167A and 10700.

14 C.F.R. § 61.113: Private Pilot Privileges and Limitations: PIC.

Pursuant to 14 C.F.R. §§ 61.113 (a) & (b), private pilots are limited to non-
commercial operations. I, Shanon Kern, can achieve an equivalent level of safety
as achieved by current regulations because my UAS does not carry any pilots or
passengers. The risks attended to the operation of my UAS is far less than the
risk levels inherent in the commercial activities outlined in 14 C.F.R. § 61, et seq.
Thus, allowing me, Shanon Kern, to operate my UAS meet and exceed current
safety levels in relation to 14 C.F.R. §61.113 (a) & (b).

14 C.F.R. 91.119: Minimum Safe Altitudes.

14 C.F.R. § 91.119 prescribes safe altitudes for the operation of civil aircraft. It
allows helicopters to be operated at lower altitudes in certain conditions. My UAS
will never operate at an altitude greater than 200 AGL; safely below the standard
of 400 AGL. I, Shanon Kern, will however operate my UAS in safe areas away
from public and traffic, providing a level of safety at least equivalent to or below
those in relation to minimum safe altitudes. Given the size, weight,
maneuverability and speed of my UAS, an equivalent or higher level of safety will
be achieved.

14 C.F.R. 91.405 (a); 407 (a) (1); 409 (a) (2); 417(a) & (b): Maintenance
Inspections.

C.

D.

E.

Douglas Trudeau, Realtor®, Tucson AZ - Section 333 Exemption Petition

The above-cited Regulations require, amongst other things, aircraft owners and
operators to "have [the] aircraft inspected as prescribed in subpart E of this part
and shall between required inspections, except as provided in paragraph (c) of
this section, have discrepancies repaired as prescribed in part 43 of this chapter.
. . ."

These Regulations only apply to aircraft with an airworthiness certificate. They
will not, therefore, apply to my, Shanon Kern's, UAS.

14 C.F.R. 21 and 14 C.F.R. 91: Airworthiness Certificates, Manuals and The
Like.

14 C.F.R. 21, Subpart H, entitled Airworthiness Certificates, sets forth
requirements for procurement of necessary airworthiness certificates in relation
to FAR § 91.203(a)(1). The size, weight and enclosed operational area of my
UAS permits exemption from Part 21 because my, Shanon Kern's, UAS meets
an equivalent level of safety pursuant to Section 333 of the Reform Act. The FAA
is authorized to exempt aircraft from the airworthiness certificate requirement
under both the Act (49 U.S.C. § 44701 (f)) and Section 333 of the Reform Act.
Both pieces of legislation permit the FAA to exempt UAS's from the airworthiness
certificate requirement in consideration of the weight, size, speed,
maneuverability and proximity to areas such as airports and dense populations.
My UAS meets or exceeds each of the elements. 14 C.F.R. 91.7(a) prohibits the
operation of an aircraft without an airworthiness certificate. As no such certificate
will be applicable in the form contemplated by the FARs, this Regulation is
inapplicable. 14 C.F.R. § 91.9 (b) (2) requires an aircraft flight manual in the
aircraft. As there are no pilots or passengers, and given the size of the UAS's,
this Regulation is inapplicable. An equivalent level of safety will be achieved by
maintaining a manual. The FAA has previously issued exemptions to this
regulation in Exemption Nos. 8607, 8737, 8738, 9299, 9299A, 9565, 9565B,
10167, maintenance program that involves regular software updates and curative
measures for any damaged hardware. Therefore, an equivalent level of safety
will be achieved.

In summary, Shanon Kern seeks an exemption from the following
Regulations:

14 C.F.R. 21, subpart H; 14 C.F.R. 45.23(b); 14 C.F.R. §§ 61.113 (a) & (b); 14
C.F.R. § 91.7 (a); 14 C.F.R. § 91.9 (b)(2); 14 C.F.R. § 91.103(b); 14 C.F.R. §
91.109; 14 C.F.R. § 91.119; 14 C.F.R. § 91.121; 14 C.F.R. § 91.151(a); 14
C.F.R. §§ 91.203(a) and (b); 14 C.F.R. § 91.405 (a); 14 C.F.R. § 91.407 (a)(1);
14 C.F.R. § 91.409 (a)(2); 14 C.F.R. § 91.409 (a ) (2); and, 14 C.F.R. §§ 91.417
(a) & (b) to commercially operate my, Shanon Kern's, small unmanned
vehicle/lightweight unmanned aircraft vehicle in thereby enhance safety. My UAS
craft do not contain potentially

Thank you for your time and consideration in this matter.

Respectfully,

Shanon Kern
