September 25, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 13026
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA-2015-2830

Mr. Peter Dawson
Sho-Me Power Electric Cooperative
P.O. Box D
301 West Jackson Street
Marshfield, MO 65706

Dear Mr. Dawson:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated June 8, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of Sho-Me Power Electric Cooperative (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an
exemption. The petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to
conduct infrastructure evaluation and inspection.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a DJI Phantom 3.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
                                                                                                                 2

consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Sho-Me Power Electric Cooperative is granted an
exemption from 14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a),
91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and
91.417(a) and (b), to the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform
aerial data collection. This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed
below.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                             3

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Sho-Me Power Electric Cooperative is hereafter referred to as
the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom 3
    when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any
    other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
    not permitted.

3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
    exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
    compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
    airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
    aircraft manufacturer.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.

    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
    electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
    must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
    required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
                                                                                                            4

    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.
                                                                                                            5

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.
                                                                                                            6

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles, or structures has granted
          permission for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety
          assessment of the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it
          does not present an undue hazard.

    The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
    nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
    reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
    contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.
                                                                                                                 7

 If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
 television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                       8

This exemption terminates on October 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.
Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
                                                     June 8, 2015

U.S. Department of Transportation
Docket Management System
1200 New Jersey Avenue, SE
Washington, DC 20590

RE: Request for exemption from multiple regulatory provisions to allow the use of small
unmanned aerial systems controlled by Sho-Me Power Electric Cooperative and its subsidiaries
to assist in the safe evaluation of infrastructure and operations.

Dear Sir or Madam:

Sho-Me Power Electric Cooperative (`Sho-Me') respectfully requests an exemption from several
provisions of Title 14 of the Code of Federal Regulations (CFR) to permit the use of small unmanned
aerial systems (sUAS) to assist in the evaluation and inspection of infrastructure and operations of
Sho-Me and its subsidiary companies. The use of such systems would complement the existing
inspection methods while affording a timely and safe alternative to either inspection by larger fixed
or rotary winged craft or from personnel physically climbing and inspecting such infrastructure.

Background

         Sho-Me is an electrical utility headquartered in Marshfield, Missouri. Sho-Me was formed to
provide reliable, low-cost electric energy to multiple Rural Electric Cooperatives across the state of
Missouri. Sho-Me Technologies, LLC is a subsidiary of Sho-Me Power Electric Cooperative also
headquartered in Marshfield, MO. Sho-Me Technologies operates an advanced fiber optic
communication network.

         The safety and efficiency of infrastructure operations is heavily dependent upon constant
analysis of assets, right-of-way, infrastructure and other facilities. There are a wide variety of factors
that can affect conditions and cause problems for infrastructure. Even relatively small objects or
minor failures can lead to accidents or other incidents causing downtime of infrastructure. Extreme
weather, vegetation, natural disasters, theft, and vandalism are among the many risks that modern
infrastructure faces.

         As such, employees routinely inspect the infrastructure, such as Transmission Lines,
Substations, Fiber Optic Lines, Cell and Microwave Towers and other similar structures. At present,
this work is done primarily by company personnel in motor vehicles, on foot, in specialized
equipment. This is often a labor-intensive and sometimes difficult task.
While our clients do all they can to make these inspections as safe as possible, there is an irreducible
element of risk involved whenever employees are required to go out on structures. Employees may
need to climb over or onto structures, which can be slippery, rough, and/or exposed to the elements.
Some structures, such as bridges, are high above the ground. Equipment moving through inspection
zones can increase risk as well, especially in high-traffic areas. While the use of sUAS for
supplemental infrastructure and general asset evaluation would not eliminate these risks entirely (as it

                                                         Page 1 of 9
is an additive safety measure), it would reduce the risks to employees by allowing for remote aerial
review.

         Sho-Me and its subsidiary operate thousands of miles of utility infrastructure across portions
of several states, this sheer amount of assets and the widely dispersed locations, in many instances
across rural areas, means that visual inspection in all instances by company personnel can be
inefficient. Aerial analysis by traditional fixed wing aircraft is another method utilized, however only
partially beneficial because the required altitudes and speeds for safe flight can reduce visibility
below meaningful levels and it is simply not possible to see all asset anomalies from such heights.

         Helicopters present better vantage points; however manned helicopters are much more costly,
subject to human safety and carry highly explosive fuel making them impractical for deployment.
By using sUAS for supplemental asset evaluation, Sho-Me will be able to substantially upgrade its
capacity to detect and address issues with the facilities, rights-of-way and other assets before they
become a problem for safe operations. Thus, the use of sUAS has the potential to improve efficiency,
resulting in faster and safer delivery of energy and telecommunications services vital to the U.S.
economy.

Infrastructure Safety Inspection Operations
Transmission Line Inspections
Substation Inspections
Cell Tower Inspections
Microwave Tower Inspections
Power Plant Inspections
Environmental Inspections

Regulatory Basis for Exemption Request
         This request is in accordance with Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of

2012 (Modernization Act)1 through which Congress acknowledged the use of such systems prior to
the finalization of specific sUAS rules and regulations. Until such time as these regulations are
finalized, the Secretary of Transportation is required to make a determination whether certain
unmanned aircraft systems may operate safely in the national airspace system (NAS). As part of
such determination the Secretary is to consider the following:

    - The UAS's size, weight, speed, and operational capability;
    - Operation of the UAS in close proximity to airports and populated areas; and
    - Operation of the UAS within visual line of sight of the operator.

    In regards to specific requests the FAA has adopted requirements, providing that applicants of
such requests shall explain why granting the exemption would not adversely affect safety or how the
exemption would provide at least an equivalent level of safety compliance with the underlying
regulation. In this case, approval of this exemption would advance the public interest by
significantly enhancing the safety and efficiency of infrastructure operations and by providing the
FAA with valuable user experience on sUAS in a context with appreciable economic and societal
benefits. As described more fully below, the requested exemption would permit the operation of
sUAS under tightly controlled conditions, thus ensuring that operations will not have an adverse
impact on safety, both public and worker. To the contrary, as explained below, Sho-Me expects that

1 P.L. 112-95, 126 Stat 11, February 14, 2012.

                                                Page 2 of 9
use of sUAS will enhance safety in infrastructure operations. Granting an Exemption is in the Public
Interest. The safety and efficiency of infrastructure operations is heavily dependent upon constant
analysis of assets, right-of-way, infrastructure and other assets/facilities.

Provisions for which an exemption is sought
14 CFR Part 21
14 C.F.R. Part 61
14 CFR 61.113 (a)
14 C.F.R. 91.7 (a)
14 CFR 91.9 (b) (2)
14 C.F.R. 91.103
14 C.F.R. 91.109
14 C.F. R. 91.119
14 C.F.R. 91.121
14 CFR 91.151 (a)
14 CFR 91.203 (a) & (b)
14 CFR 91.405 (a)
14 CFR 407 (a) (1)
14 CFR 409 (a) (2)
14 CFR 417 (a) & (b)

Explanation:

14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H: Airworthiness Certificates 14 C.F.R. §91.203 (a) (1)

Subpart H, entitled Airworthiness Certificates, establishes the procedural requirements for the
issuance of airworthiness certificates as required by FAR §91.203 (a) (1). Given the size and limited
operating area associated with the aircraft to be utilized by the Applicant, an exemption from Part 21
Subpart H meets the requirements of an equivalent level of safety under Part 11 and Section 333 of
the Reform Act. The Federal Aviation Act (49 U.S.C.§44701 (f)) and Section 333 of the Reform Act
both authorize the FAA to exempt aircraft from the requirement for an airworthiness certificate, upon
consideration of the size, weight, speed, operational capability, and proximity to airports and
populated areas of the particular UAS. In all cases, an analysis of these criteria demonstrates that the
UAS operated without an airworthiness certificate, in the restricted environment and under the
conditions proposed will be at least as safe, or safer, than a conventional aircraft (fixed wing or
rotorcraft) operating with an airworthiness certificate without the restrictions and conditions
proposed.

The sUAS to be operated hereunder is less than 55 lbs. fully loaded, carries neither a pilot nor
passenger, carries no explosive materials or flammable liquid fuels, and operates exclusively within a
secured area as set out in the Manual. Unlike other civil aircraft, operations under this exemption will
be tightly controlled and monitored by both the operator, pursuant to the Manual's requirements, and
under the requirements and in compliance with local public safety requirements, to provide security
for the area of operation as is now done with conventional filming. The FAA will have advance
notice of all operations. These safety enhancements, which already apply to civil aircraft operated in
connection with motion picture and television production, provide a greater degree of safety to the
public and property owners than conventional operations conducted with airworthiness certificates

                                                         Page 3 of 9
issued under 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H. Lastly, application of these same criteria demonstrates
that there is no credible threat to national security posed by the UAS, due to its size, speed of
operation, location of operation, lack of explosive materials or flammable liquid fuels, and inability
to carry a substantial external load.

14 C.F.R. § 45.23 (b). Marking of the Aircraft & 14 C.F.R. Part 47. Aircraft Registration
These regulations require:

When marks include only the Roman capital letter "N" and the registration number is displayed on
limited, restricted or light-sport category aircraft or experimental or provisionally certificated aircraft,
the operator must also display on that aircraft near each entrance to the cabin, cockpit, or pilot
station, in letters not less than 2 inches nor more than 6 inches high, the words "limited," "restricted,"
"light-sport," "experimental," or "provisional," as applicable.

Sho-Me will register all sUASs under the appropriate serial number in accordance with the
referenced regulation.

Sho-Me will mark the fuselage with a Registration Number as large as practicable in locations on the
sUAS as feasible.

14 C.F.R. § 61.113 (a) & (b): Private Pilot Privileges and Limitations: Pilot in Command.
Sections 61.113 (a) & (b) limit private pilots to non-commercial operations. Because the UAS will
not carry a pilot or passengers, the proposed operations can achieve the equivalent level of safety of
current operations by requiring the PIC operating the aircraft to have a private pilot's license rather
than a commercial pilot's license to operate this small UAS. Unlike a conventional aircraft that
carries the pilot and passengers, the sUAS is remotely controlled with no living thing on board. The
area of operation is controlled and restricted, and all flights are planned and coordinated in advance
as set forth in the Manual. The level of safety provided by the requirements included in the Manual
exceeds that provided by a single individual holding a commercial pilot's certificate operating a
conventional aircraft. The risks associated with the operation of the sUAS are so diminished from the
level of risk associated with commercial operations contemplated by Part 61 when drafted, that
allowing operations of the sUAS as requested with a private pilot as the PIC exceeds the present level
of safety achieved by 14 C.F.R. §61.113 (a) & (b).

14 C.F.R. Part 61, additional subparts
Sho-Me requests the FAA to advise on the intended pilots licensing requirements. Sho-Me intends to
use employee(s) with a private/sports pilot certificate. When the FAA introduces sUAS specific
regulations (such as 14 C.F.R. 107), Sho-Me will transition to the appropriate licensure at that time

14 C.F.R. §91.7(a): Civil aircraft airworthiness.
The regulation requires that no person may operate a civil aircraft unless it is in airworthy condition.
As there will be no airworthiness certificate issued for the aircraft, should this exemption be granted,
no FAA regulatory standard will exist for determining airworthiness. Given the size of the aircraft
and the requirements contained in the Manual for maintenance and use of safety check lists prior to
each flight an equivalent level of safety will be provided.

                                                         Page 4 of 9
14 C.F.R. § 91.9 (b) (2): Civil Aircraft Flight Manual in the Aircraft.
Section 91.9 (b) (2) provides:

No person may operate a U.S.-registered civil aircraft ...

(2) For which an Airplane or Rotorcraft Flight Manual is not required by §21.5 of this chapter, unless
there is available in the aircraft a current approved airplane or Rotorcraft Flight Manual, approved
manual material, markings, and placards, or any combination thereof.

The sUAS, given its size and configuration has no ability or place to carry such a flight manual on
the aircraft, not only because there is no pilot on board, but because there is no room or capacity to
carry such an item on the aircraft.

The equivalent level of safety will be maintained by keeping the flight manual at the ground control
point where the pilot flying the sUAS will have immediate access to appropriate manuals.

14 C.F.R. § 91.103: Preflight action
This regulation requires each pilot in command to take certain actions before flight to insure the
safety of flight. As FAA approved rotorcraft flight manuals will not be provided for the aircraft an
exemption will be needed.

Sho-Me can provide an equivalent level of safety as set forth in owner's manual. The PIC will take
all actions including reviewing weather, flight battery requirements, landing and takeoff distances
and aircraft performance data before initiation of flight.

14 C.F.R. §91.109: Flight instruction:
Section 91.103 provides that no person may operate a civil aircraft (except a manned free balloon)
that is being used for flight instruction unless that aircraft has fully functioning dual controls.

sUASs and remotely piloted aircraft, by their design do not have fully functional dual controls. Flight
control is accomplished through the use of a control box that communicates with the aircraft via
radio communications. The FAA has approved exemptions for flight training without fully functional
dual controls for a number of aircraft and for flight instruction in experimental aircraft.

The equivalent level of safety provided by the fact that neither a pilot nor passengers will be carried
in the aircraft and by the size and speed of the aircraft. Sho-Me intends to flight instruction to be in
accordance with the manufacturer's guidelines and by utilizing the Phantom's `Beginner Mode'
function to instruct in-house pilots in the nuanced flight of the sUAS.

14 C.F.R. §91.119: Minimum safe altitudes
Section 91.119 establishes safe altitudes for operation of civil aircraft. Section 91.119 (c) allows
aircraft to be operated at less than the minimums prescribed. As this exemption is for a sUAS, the
exemption requests authority to operate at altitudes up to 400 AGL an exemption may be needed to
allow such operations. As set forth herein, except for the limited conditions stated in the Manual, the
UAS will never operate at higher than 400 AGL.

It will however typically be operated in a restricted area, where buildings and people will not be
exposed to operations without their pre-obtained consent. The equivalent level of safety will be

                                                         Page 5 of 9
achieved given the size, weight, speed of the UAS as well as the location where it is operated. No
flight will be taken without the permission of the property owner or local officials. Compared to
flight operations with aircraft or rotorcraft weighting far more than the maximum 55lbs. proposed
herein and the lack of flammable fuel, any risk associated with these operations is likely less than
those presently presented with conventional aircraft. In addition, the low-altitude operations of the
sUAS will ensure separation between these small-UAS operations and the operations of conventional
aircraft that must comply with Section 91.119.

Sho-Me also notes that the proposed operations covered under this exemption request are intended to
be conducted near infrastructure for the purposes of their inspection. The operation of a sUAS so
close to much larger structures would provide a negligible flight hazard to other aircraft compared to
the tower or utility line itself.

14 C.F.R. §91.121 Altimeter Settings
This regulation requires each person operating an aircraft to maintain cruising altitude by reference to
an altimeter that is set "...to the elevation of the departure airport or an appropriate altimeter setting
available before departure." As the sUAS may not have a barometric altimeter, but instead a GPS
altitude read out, an exemption may be needed. An equivalent level of safety will be achieved by the
operator, pursuant to the Manual and Safety Check list, confirming the altitude of the launch site
shown on the GPS altitude indicator before flight.

14 C.F.R. § 91.151(a): Fuel Requirements for Flight in VFR Conditions
Section 91.151 (a) prohibits an individual from beginning "a flight in an airplane under VFR
conditions unless (considering wind and forecast weather conditions) there is enough fuel to fly to
the first point of intended landing, and, assuming normal cruising speed ­ (1) During the day, to fly
after that for at least 30 minutes; or (2) At night, to fly after that for at least 45 minutes."

Sho-Me believes that an exemption from 14 CFR §91.151(a) falls within the scope of prior
exemptions. Operating the small UAS, in a tightly controlled area where only people and property
owners or official representatives who have signed waivers will be allowed, with less than 30
minutes of reserve fuel, does not engender the type of risks that Section 91.151(a) was intended to
alleviate given the size and speed of the small UAS.

14 C.F.R. §91.203 (a) and (b): Carrying Civil Aircraft Certification and Registration
The regulation provides in pertinent part:

(a) Except as provided in § 91.715, no person may operate a civil aircraft unless it has within it the
following:
(1) An appropriate and current airworthiness certificate. . . .
(b) No person may operate a civil aircraft unless the airworthiness certificate required by paragraph
(a) of this section or a special flight authorization issued under §91.715 is displayed at the cabin or
cockpit entrance so that it is legible to passengers or crew.
The UAS fully loaded weighs no more than 55 lbs and is operated without an onboard pilot. As such,
there is no ability or place to carry certification and registration documents or to display them on the
sUAS.

                                                         Page 6 of 9
An equivalent level of safety will be achieved by keeping these documents at the ground control
point where the pilot flying the sUAS will have immediate access to them, to the extent they are
applicable to the sUAS. The FAA has issued numerous exemptions to this regulation.

14 C.F.R. §91.405 (a); 407 (a) (1); 409 (a) (2); 417(a) & (b): Maintenance Inspections
These regulations require that an aircraft operator or owner "shall have that aircraft inspected as
prescribed in subpart E of this part and shall between required inspections, except as provided in
paragraph (c) of this section, have discrepancies repaired as prescribed in part 43 of this chapter...,"
and others shall inspect or maintain the aircraft in compliance with Part 43.
Given that these section and Part 43 apply only to aircraft with an airworthiness certificate, these
sections should not apply to Sho-Me's sUAS(s). Maintenance will be accomplished by the operator
pursuant to the flight manual and operating handbook as referenced in the Manual. An equivalent
level of safety will be achieved because these small UASs are very limited in size and will carry a
small payload and operate only in restricted areas for limited periods of time. If mechanical issues
arise the UAS can land immediately and will be operating from no higher than 400 feet AGL. As
provided in the Manual, the operator will ensure that the UAS is in working order prior to initiating
flight, perform required maintenance, and keep a log of any maintenance performed. Moreover, the
operator is the person most familiar with the aircraft and best suited to maintain the aircraft in an
airworthy condition to provide the equivalent level of safety.

Regulatory Relief from Other Sections as deemed appropriate by FAA
Sho-Me requests additional relief, to the extent practicable, from provisions which the FAA has
learned through the rulemaking process have proven impractical for the use of sUASs.

                                                         Page 7 of 9
Exhibit A ­ Specific sUASs operated by Sho-Me
DJI Phantom 3
See Attached Manuals:
DJI Phantom 3 User Manual
Or manuals can be downloaded from the following location:
http://www.dji.com/product/phantom-3/download

                                                         Page 8 of 9
EXHIBIT B ­ FEDERAL REGISTER PUBLICATION VERBIAGE
Pursuant to 14 C.F.R. Part 11, the following summary is provided for publication in the Federal
Register, should it be determined that publication is needed:
Applicant seeks an exemption from the following rules:
14 C.F.R. §21, subpart H; 14 C.F.R 45.23(b);14 C.F.R. §§ 61.113( a) & (b);91.7 (a); 91.9 (b)
(2);91.103(b);91.109; 91.119; 91.121; 91.151(a);91.203(a) and (b); 91.405 (a); 91.407 (a) (1); 91.409
(a) (2); 91.409 (a) (2) and 91.417 (a) & (b) to operate commercially a small unmanned vehicle (55lbs
or less) for the purposes of inspecting electrical and telecommunications infrastructure.
Approval of exemptions allowing these particular commercial operations of sUASs will enhance
safety by reducing risk. Conventional inspections require fixed wing aircraft, rotary winged aircraft
or qualified climbers to work on or around electrical and other hazards. In contrast, a sUAS weighing
fewer than 55 lbs. and powered by batteries eliminates virtually all of that risk given the reduced
mass and lack of combustible fuel carried on board as well as limiting risk to Sho-Me personnel. The
sUAS is transported or carried to the location and not flown. The sUAS will carry no passengers or
crew and, therefore, will not expose them to the risks associated with manned aircraft flights.
The operation of small UASs, weighting less than 55 lbs., conducted in the strict conditions outlined
above, will provide an equivalent level of safety supporting the grant of the exemptions requested
herein, including exempting the applicant from the requirements of Part 21 and allowing commercial
operations. These lightweight aircraft operate at slow speeds, close to the ground, and in a controlled
environment and, as a result, are far safer than conventional operations conducted with manned
aircraft operating in close proximity to the ground and people.

                                                         Page 9 of 9
