July 30, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12225
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­1656

Mr. Yovani Linares
Shot From Above, LLC
9059 NW 152nd LN
Miami, FL 33018

Dear Mr. Linares:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated May 3, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of Shot From Above, LLC (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption. The
petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct aerial
photography for the motion picture and television industry.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a DJI S1000+.

In accordance with the statutory criteria provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in
reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited
operating area associated with the aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation
has determined that this aircraft meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA
                                                                                                2

finds that relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts,
Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing

requirements of part 36, is not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial photography and closed set motion picture and
filming. The FAA has issued grants of exemption in circumstances similar in all material
respects to those presented in your petition. In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus
Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352), 11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and
11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the
enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned aircraft (UA) with the specifications described
by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or crew, rather than a manned aircraft of
significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA
good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Shot From Above, LLC is granted an exemption from
14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c),
91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to
the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial photography
and/or closed set motion picture and filming. This exemption is subject to the conditions and
limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Shot From Above, LLC is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.
                                                                                                            3

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI S1000+ when
    weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any other
    aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming
    are permitted.

3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
    exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
    compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
    airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
    aircraft manufacturer.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
    electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
    must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
    required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
                                                                                                            4

    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
                                                                                                            5

    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
                                                                                                               6

       These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
       official upon request.

   24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
       activities at all times.

   25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

   26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
       persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
          a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
             from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
             that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
             where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
             the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
             of nonparticipating persons; and
          b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
             for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
             the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
             present an undue hazard.

       The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
       nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

   27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
       permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
       Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
       obtained for each flight to be conducted.

   28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
       boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
       to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
       reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
       contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

   29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
       as documented in this grant of exemption.

   30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
       exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
       District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
                                                                                                                 7

         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:

           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted

              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of

              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners

              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.

This exemption terminates on July 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,
/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
                                                                           !
                                                                                  9059 NW 152nd LN!
                                                                                      Miami, FL 33018

                                                   !

May 3, 2015

!

US Department of Transportation!
Docket Management System!
1200 New Jersey Ave., SE!
Washington DC 20590!

!

Re: Exemption Request Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Reform Act and
Part 11 of the Federal Aviation Regulations from: 14 CFR 61.113(a) and (b);
91.103; 91.119(c); 91.121; 91.151(a); 91.405(a); 91.407(a)(1); 91.409 (a)(1) and
(2); 91.417(a) and (b).

!

Dear Sir or Madam:


Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (the
"Reform Act") and 14 C.F.R. Part 11, Shot From Above, LLC, an operator of
Unmanned Aircraft Systems ("UASs") for aerial photography for the motion
picture and television industry, hereby applies for an exemption from the Federal
Aviation Regulations ("FARs") to allow commercial operation of its UASs.


On or about September 25, 2014, the FAA granted exemptions to six UAS
operators, including Astraeus Aerial (the "Astraeus Exemption"). As set forth in
Shot From Above, LLC's Flight Operations and Procedures Manual (the "FOPM")
and Motion Picture Television Operations Manual (both submitted under
separately under 14 CFR 11.35(b)), Shot From Above, LLC will adhere to the
terms of the Astraeus Exemption.


Shot From Above, LLC's requested exemption would permit the operation of
small, unmanned UAS under controlled and "sterile" conditions in motion picture
and television airspace that is: (i) limited, (ii) predetermined, (iii) subject to
controlled access, and (iv) provide greater safety in connection with aircraft
operations in the film and television industry. As established by the exemptions
already granted by the FAA, approval of Shot From Above's exemption would
enhance safety and fulfill the Secretary of Transportation's (the FAA
Administrator's) responsibilities to "...establish requirements for the safe

Shot from Above LLC  Page 1 of 8
operation of such aircraft systems in the national airspace system." Section
333(c) of the Reform Act.


The name and address of the applicant is:


Shot From Above, LLC
Attn: Yovani Linares; Ph: 786-970-8352
Email: yovani@shotfromabove.net
Address: 9059 NW 152nd LN, Miami FL 33018

UAS to be used:

The aircraft to be used with this exemption is a DJI S1000+ multi-rotor octocopter
(8 rotors). This UAS has been engineered and is considered a professional class
UAS compared to other consumer brand UASs. It has a maximum take off
weight of 25 lbs and a max speed of 45 knots which are less than what is
currently being mandated. It is controlled via remote control operating on a
digital 2.4ghz signal. Because this is a digital signal and not analog, interference
from other 2.4ghz signals would not pose a safety risk or loss of aircraft control.
This particular UAS has a realtime PIC camera installed as well as providing real
time telemetry information from the UAS itself while in flight. Additionally the
UAS will be utilizing the DJI A2 flight controller which is one of the most
advanced and robust flight controllers that have been developed from DJI which
is also the manufacturer of the the proposed UAS to be used with this exemption.

S1000+ User Manual v1.2
http://download.dji-innovations.com/downloads/s1000_plus/en/
S1000_Plus_User_Manual_v1.2_en.pdf

A2 User Manual v1.2
http://download.dji-innovations.com/downloads/a2/en/
A2_Quick_Start_Guide_v1.2_en.pdf

Safety features and redundancy:

The DJI S1000+ UAS has several built-in safety features and redundancies.
With the addition of the A2 advanced flight controller many of these safety
features can be utilized.

· Sparkproof Plugs

· New Power Distribution System

· Return to home (Failsafe)

· Can still be airborne and controllable by PIC with 1 motor failure.

Shot from Above LLC  Page 2 of 8
Regulations from which the exemption is requested:


14 CFR 61.113(a) and (b)


14 C.F.R. 91.103
14 C.F. R. 91.119
14 C.F.R. 91.121
14 CFR 91.151(a)
14 CFR 91.405(a)
14 CFR 407(a)(1)
14 CFR 409(a)(2)
14 CFR 417(a) and (b)


UASs operated by Shot From Above, LLC weigh less than 55 pounds, including
the payload (i.e. camera, lens, and gimbal). They operate at speeds of no more
than 50 knots, can hover, and can simultaneously move vertically and
horizontally. Shot From Above, LLC will only operate its UASs in line of sight and
will operate only within the sterile area described in the FOPM. Such operations
will insure that the UAS will "not create a hazard to users of the national airspace
system or the public."


Given the small size of Shot From Above, LLC's UASs and the restricted sterile
environment within which they will operate, Shot From Above, LLC's UAS
operations adhere to the Reform Act's safety requirements. Additionally, due to
the size of the UASs and the limited areas in which they will operate, approval of
this application presents no national security issues. Based on the substantial
level of safety surrounding the proposed operations, and the significant public
benefit (enhanced safety), reduction in environmental impacts (reduced
emissions and noise), the grant of the requested exemption is in the public
interest. Accordingly, Shot From Above, LLC respectfully requests that the FAA
grant the requested exemption without delay.

!

Aircraft And Equivalent Level Of Safety


The operating limitations proposed by Shot From Above provide for at least an
equivalent or higher level of safety because operations further enhance safety of
movie and television filming using conventional aircraft.


As set forth in the FOPM, the limitations and conditions include:


· The UASs will weigh less than 55 pounds 


· Flights will be operated within line of sight of a pilot and/or observer. 


· Maximum flight time for each operational flight will be 30 minutes. Flights will

Shot from Above LLC  Page 3 of 8
         be terminated at 25% battery power reserve should that occur prior to the
         30 minute limit. 


· Flights will be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet AGL, and not
         more than 200 feet above an elevated platform from which filming is
         planned. 


· Minimum crew for each operation will consist of the UAS Pilot, the Visual
         Observer, and the Camera Operator. 


· A UAS pilot will be an FAA licensed airman with at least a private pilot's
         certificate and third class medical. 


· A UAS Pilot will be Pilot in Command (PIC). If a pilot certificate holder other
         than the UAS Pilot, who possesses the necessary PIC qualifications, is
         also present onset (i.e. the Aerial Coordinator), that person can also be
         designated as PIC.


· The UAS will only operate within a confined "Sterile Area" as defined in the
         FOPM. The FOPM requires the establishment of a "Security Perimeter" for
         the flight operations area. 


· A briefing will be conducted for planned UAS operations prior to each day's
         flight. All personnel performing duties within the boundaries of the safety
         perimeter are required to attend. 


· The operator will file a FAA Form 7711-1, or its equivalent, as modified in light
         of the requested exemption, with the appropriate Flight Standards District
         Office ("FSDO"). 


· The operator will obtain consent of all persons involved in the filming and
         ensure that only consenting persons will be allowed within 100 feet of the
         flight operation. This radius may be reduced to 30 feet based upon an
         equivalent level of safety determination, as required under the FOPM.
         With the advanced permission of the FSDO, operations at closer range
         can be approved. 


· The operator will submit a written Plan of Activities to the FSDO three days
         before the proposed shoot as required in the FOPM. 


· The Pilot and observer must be trained in UAS operations and have received
         current information on the particular UAS to be operated as required by
         the FOPM. 


· The Observer and pilot will at all times be able to communicate by voice.


Shot from Above LLC  Page 4 of 8
· Written and/or oral permission from the relevant property holders will be
         obtained. 


· All required permissions and permits will be obtained from territorial, state,
         county, or city jurisdictions, including local law enforcement, fire, or other
         appropriate governmental agencies. 


· If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UAS will have the 
         capability to return to a pre-determined location within the Security
         Perimeter and land. 


· The UAS will have the capability to abort a flight in case of unpredicted
         obstacles or emergencies.
         14 C.F.R. § 61.113(a) and (b): Private Pilot Privileges and Limitations: Pilot
         in Command 
         Sections 61.113 (a) and (b) limit private pilots to non-commercial
         operations. Because the UAS will not carry a pilot or passengers, the
         proposed operations can achieve the equivalent level of safety of current
         operations by requiring the PIC operating the aircraft to have a private
         pilot's license rather than a commercial pilot's license to operate a small
         UAS. Unlike a conventional manned aircraft, a UAS is remotely controlled
         by a ground-based operator. The operational area is controlled and
         restricted, and all flights are planned and coordinated in advance. The
         level of safety exceeds that provided by a single individual holding a
         commercial pilot's certificate operating a conventional aircraft. The risks
         associated with the use of a UAS are so diminished from the level of risk
         associated with commercial operations contemplated by Part 61 allowing
         UAS use by a private pilot as the PIC exceeds the present level of safety
         sought by 14 C.F.R. §61.113 (a) and (b). 
         14 C.F.R. § 91.103: Preflight Action 
         Section 91.103 requires each pilot to preflight an aircraft before flight to
         insure the safety of flight. As FAA approved rotorcraft flight manuals will
         not be used, an exemption is requested. However, an equivalent level of
         safety will be provided. The PIC will take all actions, including reviewing
         weather, flight battery requirements, landing and takeoff distances, and
         aircraft performance data before commencement of flight.


14 C.F.R. §91.119(c): Minimum Safe Altitudes


Section 91.119 establishes safe altitudes for operation of civil aircraft. Section
91.119 provides, in pertinent part, that:


"except when necessary for takeoff or landing, no person may operate an aircraft
below the following altitudes: .....


(c) Over other than congested areas. An altitude of 500 feet above the surface,

Shot from Above LLC  Page 5 of 8
except over open water or sparsely populated areas. In those cases, the aircraft
may not be operated closer than 500 feet to any person, vessel, vehicle, or
structure."


Because Shot From Above, LLC requests authority to operate at altitudes only up
to 400 AGL, and not more than 200 above an elevated platform from which
filming is planned, an exemption is needed to allow such operations. Except for
the limited conditions stated in the FOPM, the UAS will never operate higher than
400 AGL. It will, however, be operated in a restricted area within a security
perimeter, where buildings and people will not be exposed to operations without
their pre- obtained consent.


The equivalent level of safety will be achieved given the size, weight, and speed
of the UAS as well as the location where it is operated. No flight will be taken
without the permission of property owners or local officials. Because of the
advance notice to the property owners and participants in the filming activity, all
affected individuals will be informed of the planned flight operations. Compared
to flight operations for manned aircraft and the lack of flammable fuel, any risk
associated with the proposed UAS operations is far less than conventional
aircraft operating at or below 500 AGL. In addition, the low-altitude operations of
the UAS will ensure separation between a UAS and conventional aircraft.


14 C.F.R. §91.121 Altimeter Settings


Section 91.121 requires each person operating an aircraft to maintain cruising
altitude by reference to an altimeter that is set "...to the elevation of the departure
airport or an appropriate altimeter setting available before departure." As a UAS
may not have a barometric altimeter, but instead a GPS altitude data, an
exemption is needed. An equivalent level of safety will be achieved by the
operator, pursuant to the FOPM and Safety Check list, confirming the altitude of
the launch site shown on the GPS altitude indicator before flight.


14 C.F.R. §91.151(a): Fuel Requirements for Flight in VFR Conditions


Section 91.151(a) prohibits an individual from beginning "a flight in an airplane
under VFR conditions unless (considering wind and forecast weather conditions)
there is enough fuel to fly to the first point of intended landing, and, assuming
normal cruising speed ­ (1) During the day, to fly after that for at least 30 minutes
. . . ."


The battery powering the Shot From Above, LLC UASs provides approximately
40 minutes of powered flight. To meet the 30-minute reserve requirement in 14
CFR §91.151, UAS flights will be limited to approximately 10 minutes in length.
Given the limitations on the UAS's proposed flight area and its proposed
operations within a predetermined location, a longer time frame for flight in
daylight VFR conditions is reasonable. Furthermore, operating the UASs in a
tightly controlled area where only people, property owners, or official

Shot from Above LLC  Page 6 of 8
representatives who have signed waivers will be allowed, less than 30 minutes of
reserve fuel does not engender the type of risk that §91.151(a) was intended to
address.


Shot From Above, LLC believes that safety can be achieved by limiting flights to
30 minutes or 25% of battery power, whichever occurs first. This restriction would
be more than adequate to return the UAS to its pre-determined landing zone
from anywhere in its limited operating area.


Shot From Above, LLC is not seeking an exemption for night-time UAS
operations.
14 C.F.R. §91.405 (a); 407 (a) (1); 409 (a) (2); 417(a) & (b): Maintenance
Inspections


These regulations require that an aircraft operator or owner shall "have that
aircraft inspected as prescribed in subpart E of this part and shall between
required inspections, except as provided in paragraph (c) of this section, have
discrepancies repaired as prescribed in part 43 of this chapter...," and others
shall inspect or maintain the aircraft in compliance with Part 43.


Given that these sections and Part 43 apply only to aircraft with an airworthiness
certificate, these sections will not apply to Shot From Above operations.
Maintenance will be accomplished by the operator. An equivalent level of safety
will be achieved because the UASs are limited in size, will carry a small payload
and operate only in restricted areas for limited periods of time. If mechanical
issues arise, the UAS can land immediately and will be operating from no higher
than 400 feet AGL. As provided in the FOPM, the operator will ensure that the
UAS is in working order prior to flight, perform any required maintenance, and
keep a log of any maintenance performed. Moreover, the operator is the person
most familiar with the UAS and best suited to maintain it in an airworthy
condition.

!

Summary for Publication


Pursuant to 14 C.F.R. Part 11, the following summary is provided for publication
in the Federal Register, should it be determined that publication is needed:


Shot From Above, LLC seeks an exemption from the following rules:


14 C.F.R. §§ 61.113(a) and (b); 91.103; 91.119(c); 91.121; 91.151(a); 91.405(a);
91.407(a)(1); 91.409(a)(2); and 91.417(a) and (b) to operate commercially a
small unmanned vehicle (55 pounds or less) in motion picture and television
operations.


As established by the UAS exemptions already granted by the FAA, allowing

Shot from Above LLC  Page 7 of 8
commercial operations of UASs in the film industry will enhance safety by
reducing risk. Conventional film operations, using turbine aircraft, operate at low
altitudes and present the risks associated with aircraft that weigh around 4,000
pounds, and which carry large amounts of Jet A fuel. Such aircraft must also fly
to and from the film location. In contrast, a UAS weighing fewer than 55 pounds
and powered by batteries eliminates virtually all of that risk given the small size
and lack of combustible fuel. The UAS is carried, and not flown, to a film set. In
this regard, the UAS carries no passengers or crew and, therefore, will not
expose them to the risks associated with manned flights.


The operation of UASs conducted in the strict conditions outlined in the FOPM
will provide an equivalent level of safety supporting the grant of the exemption
requested herein. The UASs operate at slow speeds, close to the ground, and in
a sterile environment. As a result, they are far safer than conventional operations
conducted with turbine helicopters carrying fuel and flying near the ground and
people.

!

Privacy


All flights will occur over private or controlled access areas with the property
owner's prior consent and knowledge. Filming will be only of people who have
given their consent or otherwise have agreed to be in the area where filming will
take place.


Satisfaction of the criteria provided in Section 333 of the Reform Act of 2012
(size, weight, speed, operating capabilities, proximity to airports and populated
areas and operation within visual line of sight and national security) provide more
than adequate justification to grant Shot From Above, LLCs requested
exemption, allowing for Shot From Above, LLC's UAS commercial operations for
the motion picture and television industry pursuant to the FOPM included
herewith.

If you have any questions or need any additional information, please contact the
undersigned at 786-970-8352 or at yovani@shotfromabove.net.

!

Sincerely yours,


                     !

                              
Yovani Linares

President

Shot From Above, LLC

Shot from Above LLC             Page 8 of 8
