April 29, 2015

                Exemption No. 11159A
                Regulatory Docket No. FAA-2014-0784

Mr. Jack Snyder
Shotover Camera Systems L.P.
16303 Waterman Drive
Van Nuys, CA 91406

Dear Mr. Snyder:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your petition to amend Exemption No. xxxx.
It explains the basis for our decision, describes its effect, and lists the revised conditions and
limitations.

By letter dated February 12, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA)
on behalf of Shotover Camera Systems L.P. (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an
amendment to Exemption No. 11159. That exemption from ㎣ 61.113(a) and (b); 91.7(a);
91.119(c); 91.121; 91.151(a); 91.405(a); 91.407(a)(1); 91.409(a)(1), 91.409 (a)(2); and
91.417(a) and (b) of Title 14, Code of Federal Regulations (14 CFR) allows the petitioner to
conduct aerial photography in the motion picture and television industry. You requested an
amendment to add new aircraft, the Gryphon Dynamics X8 and DJI S1000.

In your petition, you indicate that there has been no change in the conditions and reasons
relative to public interest and safety that were the basis for granting the original exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested amendment to the exemption would not set a
precedent, and any delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner. The
unmanned aircraft(s) authorized in the original grant are comparable in type, size, weight,
speed and operating capabilities to those in this petition.
                                                                                                  2

Airworthiness Certification

In accordance with the statutory criteria provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in
reference to 49 U.S.C.  44704, and in consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited
operating area associated with the aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation
has determined that this aircraft meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA
finds that relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts,
Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing
requirements of part 36, is not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

The FAA has updated the conditions and limitations since the petitioner's initial grant of
exemption to those found in Exemption No. 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (Docket No. FAA-
2014-0642). Also in Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0352), 11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to
VDOS Global, LLC (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), the FAA found that the enhanced
safety achieved using an unmanned aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the
petitioner and carrying no passengers or crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly
greater proportions, carrying crew in addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to
find that the UAS operation enabled by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an amendment to an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of an amendment is in the public interest.

Our Decision

The FAA has determined that the justification for the issuance of Exemption No. xxxx
remains valid with respect to this exemption and is in the public interest. Therefore, under the
authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701, delegated to me by the
Administrator, Shotover Camera Systems L.P. is granted an amendment to its exemption from
14 CFR ㎣ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c),
91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to
the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection
and closed set motion picture and filming. This exemption is subject to the conditions and
limitations listed below.
                                                                                                                  3

Conditions and Limitations

The conditions and limitations within Grant of Exemption No. 11159 have been superseded,
and are amended as follows.

In this grant of exemption, Shotover Camera Systems L.P. is hereafter referred to as
the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the Gryphon
         Dynamics X8 and DJI S10001 when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload.
         Proposed operations of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to
         amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming (are)
         permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
         must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

1 Per Exemption No. 11159 issued on January 30, 2015, the FAA authorized the use of the Gryphon Dynamics
X8 SN#001 and the DJI S1000.
                                                                                                              4

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g. replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g. inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
                                                                                                              5

    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR  61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR  61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR  91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR  1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.
                                                                                                              6

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR ㎣ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating. These
    documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
    a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
         from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
         that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
         where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
         the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
         of nonparticipating persons; and
    b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
         for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
         the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not present
         an undue hazard.

    The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
    nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
                                                                                               7

reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
    as documented in this grant of exemption.

30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
    exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
    District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
    notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
    must include at least the following:
    a. Dates and times for all flights;
    b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
         under this grant of exemption;
    c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
         the UAS;
    d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
    e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
    f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners and/or
         local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those who gave
         permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
   g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
   h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
         town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
         essential to accomplish the operation.

31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
    consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
    exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                       8

This exemption terminates on January 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.
Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service
Regulations.gov - Other Document                                                                                                             Page 1 of 1

Regulations.gov will undergo infrastructure maintenance and be unavailable from 5am (ET) through 12 pm (ET), Saturday, February 14.

       Shotover Camera Systems, L.P. - Exemption/Rulemaking                                                                                       Comment Period Closed

This Other document was issued by the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA)                                                                         ID: FAA-2014-0784-0009
For related information, Open Docket Folder
                                                                                                                                                 Document Information
 Content
                                                                                                                                             Date Posted:
  PETITION TO AMEND FAA EXEMPTION NO. 11159:                                                                                                 Feb 12, 2015
  Shotover Camera Systems, L.P., hereby requests approval, under the same terms and conditions contained in Exemption No. 11159
  (the Exemption), to operate multiple aircraft of the same make and model (Gryphon Dynamics X8 and DJI S1000) already approved              Show More Details
  under the Exemption issued on January 30, 2015.
  Petitioner is not seeking authorization to operate any unmanned aircraft systems (UAS) other than those already approved under the             Submitter Information
  Exemption.
  All UAS will fully adhere to the conditions of the Exemption and all operations of the additional UAS will be in full compliance with the  Submitter Name:
  terms of the Exemption.                                                                                                                    Jack Snyder
  Thank you for your consideration of our request.                                                                                           Mailing Address:
  Jack Snyder                                                                                                                                16303 Waterman Drive
                                                                                                                                             City:
                                                                                                                                             Van Nuys
                                                                                                                                             Country:
                                                                                                                                             United States
                                                                                                                                             State or Province:
                                                                                                                                             CA
                                                                                                                                             ZIP/Postal Code:
                                                                                                                                             91406

                                                                                                                                                        Comments

                                                                                                                                                         0

                                                                                                                                                 Comments Received

                                                                                                                                                   Docket Information

                                                                                                                                             This document is contained in
                                                                                                                                             FAA-2014-0784
                                                                                                                                             Related Dockets:
                                                                                                                                             None
                                                                                                                                             Related RINs:
                                                                                                                                             None
                                                                                                                                             Related Documents:
                                                                                                                                              U.S. DOT/FAA - Decision
                                                                                                                                              Shotover Camera Systems

                                                                                                                                                L.P. - Exemption/Rulemaki
                                                                                                                                              U.S. DOT/FAA - Request fo

                                                                                                                                                Additional Information

                                                                                                                                             * This count refers to the total

                                                                                                                                              comment/submissions received
                                                                                                                                              this document, as of 11:59 PM
                                                                                                                                              yesterday. Note: Agencies revie
                                                                                                                                              submissions, however some
                                                                                                                                              agencies may choose to redact
                                                                                                                                              withhold, certain submissions (o
                                                                                                                                              portions thereof) such as those
                                                                                                                                              containing private or proprietary
                                                                                                                                              information, inappropriate langu
                                                                                                                                              or duplicate/near duplicate
                                                                                                                                              examples of a mass-mail campa
                                                                                                                                              This can result in discrepancies
                                                                                                                                              between this count and those
                                                                                                                                              displayed when conducting
                                                                                                                                              searches on the Public Submiss
                                                                                                                                              document type. For specific
                                                                                                                                              information about an agency's p
                                                                                                                                              submission policy, refer to its
                                                                                                                                              website or the Federal Register
                                                                                                                                              document.

http://www.regulations.gov/                                                                                                                  2/13/2015
