May 13, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 11579
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­0371

Mr. Michael J. Mabin
President
Shutter Pilots, Inc.
1003 Gateway Avenue, Suite 2A
Bismarck, ND 58503

Dear Mr. Mabin:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

The Basis for Our Decision

By letter dated February 11, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA)
on behalf of Shutter Pilots, Inc. (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption. The
petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct aerial imaging
and computer animation operations to provide two-dimensional and three-dimensional
visualization services to support various industries.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.
                                                                                                                 2

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner are the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ and DJI Inspire 1.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

· They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

· The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

· A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Shutter Pilots, Inc. is granted an exemption from
14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c),
91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to
                                                                                                                 3

the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Shutter Pilots, Inc. is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom 2
         Vision+ and DJI Inspire 1 when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload.
         Proposed operations of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to
         amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
         must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
                                                                                                            4

    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
                                                                                                            5

    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
                                                                                       6

exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial

    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
                                                                                               7

reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
    as documented in this grant of exemption.

30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
    exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
    District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
    notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
    must include at least the following:
      a. Dates and times for all flights;
      b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
          under this grant of exemption;
      c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
          the UAS;
      d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
      e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
      f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
          and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
          who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
      g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
      h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
          town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
          essential to accomplish the operation.

31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
    consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
    exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                   8

This exemption terminates on May 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.
Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service
 

                                        UNITED STATES OF AMERICA 

                                    DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION 

                                   FEDERAL AVIATION ADMINISTRATION 

                                               WASHINGTON, DC. 

                                                            
                                                            

                                     REGARDING THE PETITION FROM: 

                                            SHUTTER PILOTS, INC., 

                FOR AN EXEMPTION SEEKING RELIEF FROM THE REQUIREMENTS OF 

                TITLE 14 OF THE CODE OF FEDERAL REGULATIONS (14 CFR) PART 21 

 SECTIONS 45.23(b), 61.113(a) and (b), 91.7(a), 91.9(b)(2), 91.103(b), 91.109, 91.119, 91.121, 
   91.151(a), 91.203(a) and (b), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(2), and 91.417(a) and (b). 

          CONCERNING OPERATION OF SMALL UNMANNED AIRCRAFT SYSTEMS (sUAS) 

                                    PURSUANT TO SECTION 333 OF THE 

                           FAA MODERNIZATION AND REFORM ACT OF 2012 

                                                            

                                 Regulatory Docket No. _______________ 

                                                                                                                       
                                                                                       Submitted Electronically 

                                                                                           on February 11, 2015 
                                                                                                                       

                                                                                               Shutter Pilots, Inc. 
                                                                                   Michael J. Mabin, President 
                                                                              1003 Gateway Avenue, Suite 2A 

                                                                                            Bismarck, ND  58503 
 

 

 
 

                                                                                                                    1 
 
 
 

                                       Table of Contents 

                                                                                                          Page 
       Glossary of Abbreviations & Terms .....................................................................    3 
       List of Attachments .............................................................................................     3 
       Exemption Request..............................................................................................    4 
       Proposed Unmanned Aerial Systems.........................................................................    5 
       Requested Exemptions from Regulations................................................................    7 
       Extent of Relief Shutter Pilots Seeks and the Reason it Seeks such Relief............    7 
       Public Interest.................................................................................................................  13 
       Reasons Why the Exemption will not Adversely Affect Safety................................  15 
       Summary the FAA May Publish in the Federal Register...........................................  17 
       Additional Background Information............................................................................  17 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

                                                   
                                                   
                                                   

                                                                                                                    2 
 
                  

                 Glossary of Abbreviations & Terms 

2D/3D      TwoDimensional and ThreeDimensional 
AGL        Above Ground Level  
AMA        Academy of Model Aeronautics 
C.F.R.     Code of Federal Regulation 
COA        Certificate of Authorization  
FAA        Federal Aviation Administration  
FAR        Federal Aviation Regulation 
GCS        Ground Control Station  
NAS        National Airspace System  
NOTAM      Notice to Airman 
PIC        Pilot in Command 
sUAS       Small, Unmanned Aircraft Systems 
UA         Unmanned Aircraft 
UAS        Unmanned Aircraft System 
VLOS       Visual Line of Sight 
VFR        Visual Flight Rules  
VO   
           Visual Observer 

                  

                 List of Attachments 

The following attachments are referenced in the request for exemption which follows.  These 
documents provide additional evidence in support of Shutter Pilots' petition to the FAA. 

Attachment A     Academy of Model Aeronautics (AMA) Safety Code 
Attachment B     FlySafe Flight Checklists 
Attachment C     Inspire 1 User Manual 
Attachment D     Inspire 1 Safety Guidelines  
Attachment E     Phantom 2 Vision+ User Manual 
Attachment F     Phantom 2 Vision+ Quick Start Manual 
Attachment G     Phantom Pilot Training Manual 
Attachment H     Transport Canada Exemption Infographic  
 

 

 

 

                                                                                                                    3 
 
Exemption Request from Shutter Pilots, Inc. 

February 11, 2015 
 
United States Department of Transportation 
Docket Operations 
West Building Ground Floor Room W12140 
1200 New Jersey Ave., SE 
Washington, DC 20590 

Re: Exemption Request Pursuant To Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 
2012, Public Law 11295 February 14, 2012 

I, Michael J. Mabin, am writing on behalf of my company, Shutter Pilots, Inc., regarding the FAA 
Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (Reform Act) and the procedures contained within 14 
C.F.R. 11, with a request to be exempted from Part 21, as well as other sections of Title 14 of 
the Code of Federal Regulations, as described in the following pages.  The requested exemption 
will allow Shutter Pilots to operate small, unmanned aircraft systems (sUAS) commercially in 
airspace regulated by the Federal Aviation Administration ("FAA"). 
 
My partners and I plan to combine our skills in aerial imaging and computer animation to 
provide twodimensional (2D) and threedimensional (3D) visualization services to support 
various industries including, but not limited to, property development, historic preservation 
and accident reconstruction.  For example, our specialized services will enable property 
developers and general contractors to previsualize their construction projects by adding 2D 
and 3D structural models to aerial images and videos.  Our service offerings will also enable 
historians and curators to visually recreate historic sites, events and other attractions.  
Additionally, our services will assist insurance and law enforcement professionals with 
reconstructing accident scenes using 2D and 3D aerial simulations. 

Recognizing the tremendous need, as well as the many public benefits associated with offering 
such services, my partners and I are moving forward with our business plans, which include 
seeking and securing an exemption to commercially operate our sUAS in accordance with the 
FAA's safety standards and regulations. 

We believe the operations proposed in the petition which follows will fully qualify for approval 
under Section 333 of the Reform Act.  Under this proposal, Shutter Pilots would be permitted to 
use small, unmanned aerial systems (sUAS) under controlled conditions in airspace that is: (1) 
limited; (2) predetermined; (3) controlled as to access, and; (4) would provide an increased 
level of safety beyond that existing when fixed or rotor wing aircraft are used to accomplish the 
same purpose. 

                                                                                                                    4 
 
Shutter Pilot will utilize small, multirotor quad copters, equipped with digital cameras. The 
units will be operated under normal, daytime conditions at a speed of no more than 30 knots. 
The sUAS will always be operated within the visual lineofsight (VLOS) of the pilot in command 
(PIC) and within a controlled area.  Such operations will insure that the sUAS will "not create a 
hazard to users of the National Airspace System or the public."  

Our petition for exemption is submitted under the authority of the FAA Modernization and 
Reform Act.  Under this Act, Congress directed the FAA "to safely accelerate the integration of 
civil unmanned aircraft systems into the national airspace system." Under Section 333 of this 
law, the Reform Act directed the Secretary of Transportation to consider whether certain 
unmanned aircraft systems may operate safely in the National Airspace System ("NAS") before 
completion of the rulemaking required under Section 332 of the Reform Act. 

According to the Reform Act, the Secretary has the authority to grant exemptions from its 
safety regulations and minimum standards when a requested exemption is deemed to be in the 
public interest. Anyone requesting an exemption must explain the reasons why the exemption: 
(1) would benefit the public as a whole, and; (2) would not adversely affect safety.  Based on 
this exemption process, I submit the following petition for your consideration. 

Contact information:  

 
Shutter Pilots, Inc.        Michael J. Mabin, President   
1003 Gateway Ave., Suite 2A     Phone: (701) 319.5500   Fax: (701) 2501788 
Bismarck, ND  58503        Email: mmabin@shutterpilots.com 
 

Proposed Small, Unmanned Aircraft Systems (sUAS) 

Shutter Pilots proposes to utilize a DJI PHANTOM 2 Vision+ and a DJI INSPIRE 1 for capturing 
digital images. These multirotorcraft sUAS have four motors and propellers in a quadcopter 
configuration weighing roughly 3 to 7 pounds, including camera and payload.  

Both units are equipped with an onboard computer stabilization controller and Global 
Positioning System (GPS).  The PHANTOM 2, as well as the INSPIRE 1, provide the pilot in 
command (PIC) with an ability to hover and move in vertical and horizontal planes, both 
independently and simultaneously.   

The proposed aircraft also feature a software application that allows the PIC a means of 
monitoring the flight's performance via a smart phone or tablet.  For example, the app provides 
the PIC with a real time display of the altitude, battery life, GPS connections and camera view.  

 

 
 

                                                                                                                    5 
 
DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ 

                                                   DJI Phantom 2 Vision+
   Shutter Pilots seek an exemption to operate 
   the DJI PHANTOM 2 Vision+ for 
   compensation or hire. This sUAS features a 
   quad rotor, unmanned aircraft and a 
   handheld ground control station. The 
   PHANTOM 2 has a maximum gross weight of 
   approximately 2.8 pounds, diameter (rotor 
   span) 23.75 inches, width of 12.5 inches, and 
   height of 8.1 inches. The sUAS is equipped 
   with four rotors driven by a lithium polymer 
   battery with electric motors. 
    

 
Here is an overview of the proposed aircraft specifications.  Additional design and operational 
specifications are contained in the DJI PHANTOM 2 Vision+ Operating Manual (Attachment E). 

Weight (Battery & Propellers included): 1242g  
Hover Accuracy (Ready to Fly)Vertical: 0.8m; Horizontal: 2.5m  
Max Yaw Angular Velocity: 200°/s   Max Tilt Angle: 35°  
Max Ascent / Descent SpeedAscent: 6m/s; Descent: 3m/s  
Max Flight Speed: 15m/s (not recommended) 
Diagonal Length (motor to motor distance): 350mm  
Supported BatteryDJI 5200mAh LiPo rechargeable battery 
 
DJI Inspire 1 

                                                                 DJI Inspire I 
 Shutter Pilots seek an exemption to operate                             
 its DJI INSPIRE 1 for compensation or hire 
 within the national airspace system ("NAS"). 
 The INSPIRE 1 is a remotecontrolled, 
 unmanned aircraft with a transportable 
 ground station. Is has a gross weight of 
 approximately six and one half (6.75) pounds 
 and dimensions of 438 x 451 x 301 mm.  
  
 

 

                                                                                                                    6 
 
Here is an overview of the proposed aircraft specifications.  Additional design and operational 
specifications are contained in the DJI INSPIRE I Operating Manual (Attachment C). 
 
Aircraft Model: Inspire 1, Model T600 
Weight (Battery Included): 2935 g (6 lbs., 7.5 oz.) 
Hovering Accuracy (GPS mode) Vertical: 0.5 m 
Horizontal: 2.5 m 
Max Angular Velocity Pitch: 300°/s 
Yaw: 150°/s 
Max Tilt Angle 35° 
Max Ascent Speed 5 m/s 
Max Descent Speed 4 m/s 
Max Speed 22 m/s (ATTI mode, no wind) 
Max Flight Altitude 4500 m 
Max Wind Speed Resistance 10 m/s 
 
Shutter Pilots will submit a Certificate of Authorization (COA) application for each sUAV as part 
of the exemption sought by this Petition. 

The specific sections of Title 14 of the Code of Federal Regulations from which 
Shutter Pilots requests exemption: 

Shutter Pilots, Inc., requests an exemption from Part 21, Subpart H; and Sections 45.23(b), 
61.113(a) and (b), 91.7(a), 91.9(b)(2), 91.103(b), 91.109, 91.119, 91.121, 91.151(a), 91.203(a) 
and (b), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(2), and 91.417(a) and (b) of Title 14, Code of Federal 
Regulations.  

The Extent of Relief Shutter Pilots Seeks and the Reason it seeks such Relief: 

14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H: Airworthiness Certificate, and 14 C.F. R. Section 91.203(a) & (b): 
Carrying Civil Aircraft Certification and Registration 

We are seeking an exemption from 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H, which establishes the 
procedural requirements for issuing and displaying airworthiness certificates as required by 14 
C.F.R. Sections 91.203 (a) & (b). At the present time, no such certificates are available to be 
issued for airworthiness of the sUAS devices utilized by Shutter Pilots.  Furthermore, the small 
size of the aircraft, coupled with the limited surface area, makes it impractical to display such 
documentation on the sUAS itself.  Also, since the sUAS is unmanned, it is unnecessary to 
display a certificate for passengers or crew as required by Section 91.203(b).  Furthermore, due 
to the size, weight, speed and limited operating area associated with these aircraft, we request 
the FAA determine that these aircraft meet the conditions of Section 333. 

 

                                                                                                                    7 
 
Equivalent Level of Safety 

We contend that granting this exemption will not adversely affect safety or pose a threat to 
national security for the following reasons: 

          The sUAS to be operated by Shutter Pilots weigh less than 7.0 lbs. fully loaded, carry 
             neither a pilot nor passenger, carry no explosive materials or flammable liquid fuels, 
             and operate exclusively within a secured and controlled area.  
              

          Our proposed operations will be controlled and monitored by the Pilot in Command 
             (PIC) in accordance with the Operator's Manuals (Attachments C and E).  An 
             equivalent level of safety will be achieved by keeping the Operator's Manual 
             documents at the ground control point where the Pilot in Command (PIC) flying the 
             sUAS will have immediate access to assure airworthiness. 

 
The FAA has issued numerous exemptions to this regulation. Examples of such exceptions 
include: #9565, #9665, #9789, #9789A, #9797, #9797A, #9816A, and #10700. 

14 C.F.R. Section 45.23(b): Aircraft Marking and Identification Requirements  
 
We are seeking an exemption from the aircraft marking and identification requirements of 14 
C.F.R. Section 45.23(b).  We believe this exemption is justified because the proposed sUAV has 
no entrance to a cabin, cockpit, or pilot station on which the required words could be placed.  
Also the required size of the letters being 2" ­ 6" high exceeds the available space on the 
PHANTOM 2 and INSPIRE 1.  Due to these limitations, we request relief from the associated 
marking and identification requirements of Section 45.23(b). 

Equivalent Level of Safety 

We propose an equivalent level of safety for exemptions to the aircraft marking and 
identification requirements of §§ 45.23(b) by having the PHANTOM 2 and INSPIRE 1 identified 
on the aircraft by serial number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have 
identification (NNumber) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C with the 
largest lettering possible.  Additionally, Shutter Pilots will ensure compliance with any future 
requests of sUAS marking by the FAA. 

The FAA has issued the following exemptions to the aircraft marking requirements of Section 
45.23(b): #10700, #8738, #10167 and #10167A. 

14 C.F. R. Section 61.113(a) and (b): Private Pilot Privileges and Limitations: Pilot in Command  

We are seeking an exemption from private pilot regulation on the basis that the PHANTOM 2 
and INSPIRE 1 will be operated within controlled and restricted areas, and all flights will be 
planned and coordinated in advance, thus making a commercial pilot certificate unwarranted.  

                                                                                                                    8 
 
Additionally, the skills required to fly a sUAS such as the ones proposed by Shutter Pilots are 
considerably different than the skills required of a certified commercial pilot.  

Furthermore, Section 61.113(a) limits private pilots to being in command of noncommercial 
flights. Section 61.113(b) provides for exceptions that allow a private pilot to command an 
aircraft without passengers or property, in connection with business or employment if "the 
flight is only incidental to that business or employment." This exception likely does not apply to 
the proposed operations under this petition for exemption since the flights are not incidental to 
the proposed aerial photography and video, but rather essential to it. Therefore, this petition 
seeks an exemption to § 61.113(a)'s commercial limitation and/or § 61.113(b)'s requirement 
that the flight be incidental to the business to benefit from the exception. 

Equivalent Level of Safety 

Since our PHANTOM 2 and INSPIRE 1 aircraft will not carry a pilot or passengers, the proposed 
operations can achieve the equivalent level of safety to § 61.113 (a) and (b), by requiring the 
PIC operating the sUAS to have training on operating the sUAS as defined in the PHANTOM 2 
and INSPIRE 1 operations' manuals (Attachments C and E) and Pilot Training and Safety Guides 
(Attachments D and G). 

Unlike a conventional aircraft that carry a pilot and passengers, the PHANTOM 2 and INSPIRE 1 
are remotely controlled with no passengers on board. Furthermore, the risks associated with 
the operation of these sUAS are greatly reduced from the level of risk associated with 
commercial flight operations involving fullsized aircraft.   

Lastly, Shutter Pilot's PIC will have the final authority to abort any flight operation in the 
interest of safety.  Abort signals will be determined ahead of time along with the observer.  In 
the event of signal loss, power loss, or mechanical failure, the PIC will keep the safety of 
property and people as the highest priority.  The aircraft may be crashed, or destroyed, in the 
attempt to maintain safety.  

14 C.F. R. Section 91.7(a): Civil Aircraft Airworthiness 

We are seeking an exemption from 14 C.F.R. § 91.7(a), which requires that a civil aircraft be 
certified in an airworthy condition to be operated. Since there is currently no airworthiness 
certificate to be issued for the proposed sUAS, no FAA regulatory standard currently exists for 
determining airworthiness.  

Equivalent Level of Safety 

An equivalent level of safety will be provided by following the proposed sUAS operation's 
manuals for maintenance.  Furthermore, the PIC will conduct thorough pre and postflight 
checklists (Attachment B) to assure airworthiness of the aircraft.  The FAA has issued the 
following exemptions to this regulation: #8738, #9299, #9299A, #9565, #9565B, #10167, 
#10167A, #10602, #32827, and #10700. 

                                                                                                                    9 
 
14 C.F. R. Section 91.9(b)(2): Civil Aircraft Flight Manual in the Aircraft 
 
We are seeking an exemption from Section 91.9(b)(2) which requires a flight manual be carried 
onboard all civil aircraft.  Given its small size and load capacity, the proposed sUAS (PHANTOM 
2 and INSPIRE 1) have no ability to carry such a manual on the aircraft itself, not only because 
there is no pilot on board, but because there is simply no room to carry such an item on the 
proposed aircraft. 

Equivalent Level of Safety 

This requirement can be equally satisfied by keeping a copy of the sUAS (PHANTOM 2 and 
INSPIRE 1) operations/user manuals at the ground control point where the pilot flying the sUAS 
will always have immediate access to these documents. Thus, we request an exemption from § 
91.9(b)(2)'s flight manual requirements, on the basis that the sUAS manuals be available at the 
control point during each operation.  The FAA has issued the following exemptions to this 
regulation: #8607,#8737, #8738, #9299, #9299A, #9565, #9565B, #10167, #10167A, #10602, 
#32827, and #10700. 

14 C.F. R. Section 91.103(b): Preflight Action 

We are seeking an exemption from Section 91.103, which requires a PIC to become familiar 
with specific information before each flight, including information contained in the FAA
approved Flight Manual on board the aircraft. Since an approved FAA flight manual is not 
available for the proposed sUAS, an exemption is being sought. 

Equivalent Level of Safety 

An equivalent level of safety will be provided by adopting and conducting a comprehensive pre
flight checklist as part of each flight (Attachment B). The PIC will take all actions, including 
reviewing weather, flight battery requirements, landing and takeoff distances, and aircraft 
performance data, before initiating any and all flights. Furthermore, a briefing will be 
conducted by the PIC with the visual observer/camera operator and all others involved in the 
production activities.  

14 C.F.R. Section 91.109: Flight Instruction 
 
We are seeking an exemption from 14 C.F.R. § 91.109, which provides that no person may 
operate a civil aircraft (except a manned free balloon) that is being used for flight instruction 
unless that aircraft has fully functioning dual controls. Remotecontrolled aircraft, by their 
design, do not have fully functional dual controls as a norm. Instead, flight control is 
accomplished through the use of a control unit that communicates with the sUAS via radio 
frequencies.  Duel control is technically feasible, but not standard for sUAS. 

 

                                                                                                                   10 
 
Equivalent Level of Safety 

Given the relatively small size and slow speed of the proposed sUAS, an equivalent level of 
safety training and flight instruction can still be performed without dual controls because no 
pilot or passengers are aboard the sUAS, and all persons will be a safe distance away should the 
sUAS experience any difficulties during flight instruction. 

The FAA has approved exemptions for flight training without fully functional dual controls for a 
number of aircraft and for flight instruction in experimental aircraft. A representative sampling 
of such exemptions include #5778K & #9862A.  

14 C.F. R. Section 91.119: Minimum Safe Altitudes 
 
We are seeking an exemption from the minimum safe altitude requirements of 14 C.F.R. § 
91.119. This section establishes the minimum safe altitudes under which aircraft may not 
operate, including 500 feet above the surface and away from any person, vessel, vehicle, or 
structure in noncongested areas. Section 91.119(d) already allows helicopters to be operated 
at less than the minimums prescribed, assuming the pilot operating the helicopter complies 
with routes and altitudes assigned for helicopters by the FAA. 

We anticipate that our sUAS will routinely need to be operated within a range of approximately 
50  100 feet from the subject(s) being photographed or recorded. Accordingly, due to the 
nature of our proposed operations, the PIC and the designated observer may, at times, be less 
than 500 feet away from structures during the operation, and an exemption is therefore 
required.  Lastly, we will operate our sUAS below 300 feet above ground AGL at all times. 

Equivalent Level of Safety 

When compared with flight operations involving aircraft weighting more than the maximum 55 
lbs., along with the lack of flammable fuel, any risk associated with our proposed operations are 
far less than those presently conducted with conventional aircraft.  
 
A comparable level of safety will be achieved based on the small size, light weight, and 
relatively slow speed of our proposed sUAS, as well as the controlled locations where the 
aircraft will be operated. Our PHANTOM 2 and INSPIRE 1 will routinely be operated in a 
restricted area, where people will not be exposed to operations without their preapproved 
consent. No flight will be taken without the permission of the property owner and/or local 
officials. Because of the advance notice to the property owner and participants, all affected 
individuals will be aware of the planned flight operations. Furthermore, by operating at such 
low altitudes, our proposed sUAS will not interfere with other aircraft that are subject to the 
minimum safe altitude regulations. 

 

                                                                                                                   11 
 
14 C.F. R. Section 91.121: Altimeter Settings  
 
We are seeking an exemption from 14 C.F.R. Section 91.121, which requires a person operating 
an aircraft to maintain cruising altitude or flight level by reference to an altimeter that is set to 
the elevation of the departure airport or barometric pressure. We are requesting an exemption 
to this requirement because the proposed sUAS does not have a barometric altimeter.  Instead, 
the PHANTOM 2 and INSPIRE 1 use GPSbased altitude display systems. 

Equivalent Level of Safety 

An equivalent level of safety will be achieved by following the procedures contained in the 
PHANTOM 2 and INSPIRE 1 Operation's Manuals (Attachment C and E). As prescribed in these 
Manuals, the operator will confirm the altitude of the launch site shown on the GPS altitude 
indicator before flight. Furthermore, the PIC will use the GPS altitude indicator to constantly 
monitor the sUAS's height, thus ensuring operation at safe altitudes. 

14 C.F. R. Section 91.151(a): Fuel Requirements for Flight in VFR Conditions  
 
We are seeking an exemption from 14 C.F.R. § 91.151(a)'s fuel requirements for flights 
conducted under visual flight rules (VFR) conditions.  Unlike civil aircraft, the proposed sUAS is 
batterypowered, not fuel powered.  Therefore, the requirements under Section 91.151(a) are 
not applicable to the PHANTOM 2 or INSPIRE 1 aircraft.  The battery powering the proposed 
sUAS only has approximately 2030 minutes of powered flight, therefore an exemption from 
the 30minute reserve requirement is necessary. Additionally, we are not planning, nor 
proposing to fly our PHANTOM 2 or INSPIRE 1 at night. 

Equivalent Level of Safety 

An equivalent level of safety will be achieved by limiting our flights to under 25 minutes or 30% 
of battery power, whichever happens first.  The proposed sUAS is programmed to automatically 
issue two "low battery" alerts ­ one at 30% power and one at 15% power. We will land either 
before or upon hearing the first alert that is issued at 30% power remaining.  This restriction 
will be more than adequate to return our sUAS to its planned landing zone from anywhere 
within its limited operating area. Operating the PHANTOM 2 and INSPIRE 1 with less than 25 
minutes of reserve battery does not compare to the type of risks that Section 91.151(a) was 
intended to alleviate given the size and speed of the sUAS. Furthermore, operation will be 
limited to controlled areas where only people and property owners, or official representatives 
who have signed waivers, will be allowed. 

This request for exemption falls within the scope of prior exemptions. A representative sample 
of such exemptions include: #10673, #2689F, #5745, #10673, and #10808. 

 

 

                                                                                                                   12 
 
14 C.F. R. Section 91.405(a), 407(a)(1), 409(a)(2), 417(a) & (b): Maintenance Inspections 

We are seeking an exemption from the maintenance inspection requirements of 14 C.F.R. §§ 
91.405(a); 91.407(a)(1); 91.409(a)(2); 91.417 (a) & (b). These regulations specify maintenance 
and inspection standards are only applicable to aircraft with an airworthiness certificate.  Since 
the proposed sUAS will not have such a certificate, an exemption to this regulation is required.  
 
Equivalent Level of Safety 

An equivalent level of safety will be achieved because maintenance and inspections will be 
performed in accordance with the PHANTOM 2 and INSPIRE 1 Operation's Manuals. As 
provided in these manuals, the operator will ensure that the proposed sUAS aer in proper 
working condition prior to initiating flight.   

We will routinely perform required maintenance and keep a log of any maintenance required. 
As the operator, we are most familiar with the aircraft and best suited to maintain the aircraft 
in an airworthy condition to provide the equivalent level of safety. 

If mechanical issues arise, our sUAS will land immediately. Additionally, the UA's small size, 
carrying capacity, and the fact that flight operations will only take place in restricted areas for 
periods of time not to exceed 25 minutes or until 30% battery power remains, create less risk 
than the same factors associated with conventional fixedwing aircraft and rotorcraft 
performing the same operation. 

How Shutter Pilots Request will benefit the Public as a Whole: 

Granting Shutter Pilot's exemption will benefit the overall public interest in the following ways: 

          It will fill an emerging need in society for the provision of 2D and 3D aerial imaging 
             services that provide businesses and professionals with realistic visualizations of 
             both past and projected scenes.  For example, it will provide numerous industries 
             with new and innovative ways to visualize their property development projects  
             whether it's for construction projects, historical preservations, accident 
             investigations or other yettobe determined needs. 
              

          The use of 2D and 3D modeling, animation and rendering has been used for decades 
             in manufacturing, product development and creative services.  As these visually
             advanced techniques are combined with aerial imaging, Shutter Pilots will enhance 
             the quality of the tools and outcomes available to clients in need of such services. 
              

          The work products which will be produced by Shutter Pilots will provide other aerial 
             imaging companies with examples for how they too can fill this emerging need. The 
             provision of 2D and 3D solutions using aerial imagery will continue to grow as the 
             FAA opens the door to other aerial imaging providers who abide by high standards 
             of safety and quality. 

                                                                                                                   13 
 
Beyond the specific benefits associated with providing 2D and 3D solutions using aerial 
imagery, the granting of Shutter Pilot's exemption request will also provide the following 
general public benefits: 
 

          The operation of ultralight, UAS aircraft significantly improves public safety and 
             reduces risks by alleviating human exposure to the dangers associated with current 
             aerial image capture methods  namely, fullsize helicopters. The public's interest is 
             also advanced by reducing human exposure to death or serious injury associated 
             with manned aircraft performing such services. 

 
          The lightweight UAS aircraft proposed by Shutter Pilots are battery powered. Thus, 
             unlike civil aircraft, they create no emissions. Furthermore, if a small UAS such as the 
             one proposed by Shutter Pilots would crash, there would be no fuel to ignite or 
             explode. With these factors in mind, the public's interest is advanced by minimizing 
             the ecological impact of an accident and by reducing human exposure to potentially 
             harmful emissions associated with manned aircraft. 

  
          There is also a financial benefit to the public.  Current methods of capturing aerial 
             imagery are expensive, and oftentimes costprohibitive for many individuals and 
             organizations.  Granting exemptions such as the one proposed by Shutter Pilots will 
             make such services affordable to a wider group of prospective customers. 
              
          Approval will help fulfill Congress' goal in passing Section 333 of the Reform Act, 
             namely, the FAA Administrator's assessment of whether certain UAS may operate 
             safely in the National Airspace System before completion of the rulemaking required 
             under Section 332 of the Reform Act. 
          
          Lastly, the current methods of capturing aerial imagery are limited in terms of 
             accessing certain spaces.  For example, flying traditional aircraft at low levels or in 
             populated areas puts the general public at increased risks of harm.  The small UAVs 
             such as the PHANTOM can fly safely in populated areas under controlled situations. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

                                                                                                                   14 
 
Reasons why Shutter Pilots Exemption will not adversely Affect Safety, or how 
the Exemption will Provide a Level of Safety at least Equal to the Existing Rule 

Shutter Pilots offer the following summary of its proposed operations to ensure, at a minimum, 
an equivalent level of safety to operations conducted under current regulatory guidelines. 

Pilot in Command (PIC) and Visual Observer (VO) 

All members of Shutter Pilot's flight crew, including PIC and VO, will have an understanding of, 
and comply with, Title 14 Code of Federal Regulations, and/or Agency directives and 
regulations, applicable to the airspace where the sUAS will operate.  More specifically: 

          Minimum crew for each operation will consist of two operators: the UAS pilot in 
             command (PIC) and a visual observer (VO). 

          All flights will be conducted within visual lineofsight (VLOS) of the pilot in 
             command (PIC), as well as the visual observer, and will not create a hazard to users 
             of the National Airspace System (NAS) or the public. 

          The sUAS pilot will be the Pilot in Command (PIC). Shutter Pilots will require its PIC 
             to be a FlySafe certified pilot.  

          As a FlySafe certified operator, Shutter Pilot's PIC will log a minimum of 8 flights per 
             month to maintain proficiency.  If weather or other conditions prohibit this level of 
             flight time, the PIC will fulfill the requirement by use of a computer simulator 
             (RealFlight 7.0 software with controller). 

          As a FlySafe certified operator, Shutter Pilot's PIC will maintain membership in the 
             Academy of Model Aeronautics (AMA) organization, which will include no less than 
             $1 million general liability coverage involving any property or personal incidents. 

          A briefing of the flight crew will be conducted by the PIC in regards to the planned 
             sUAS operations prior to each flight. It will be mandatory that all personnel who will 
             be performing duties within the safety perimeter be present for this briefing. 

          The UAS pilot and visual observer will have been trained in operation of the 
             PHANTOM 2 and INSPIRE 1 generally, and will have received uptodate information 
             on the particular sUAS to be operated, as required in the Operations Manuals. 

          The PIC and VO will be able to communicate verbally at all times. 
 
Operations of sUAS 

          
          The sUAS will remain clear and yield the right of way to all other manned aviation 

             operations and activities at all times. 
          Flights will be operated at an altitude of no more than 300 feet above ground level, 

             and the radius distance from the controller to the sUAS will not exceed 1,000 feet. 
          The sUAS will stay at least 100 feet away from people, animals, buildings, structures 

             and vehicles not involved in the project operation. 
          The PHANTOM 2 and INSPIRE 1 will be operated under normal conditions, only 

             during daylight hours, at speeds of 5 to 30 knots. 

                                                                                                                   15 
 
          If the sUAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, it will return to a pre
             determined location within the planned operating area or be recovered. 

          The sUAS PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or 
             emergencies in accordance with Shutter Pilot's safety guidelines. 

          Maximum total flight time for each operational flight will be 25 minutes. Flights will 
             be terminated at 30% battery power reserve should that occur prior to the             
             25minute limit.  Additionally, a minimum of one reserve battery will be kept fully 
             charged and available at all times. 

          The pilot will establish takeoff and landing zones by a space no smaller than ten (10) 
             feet by ten (10) feet, and clear of overhead and lateral obstructions.  The PIC will 
             also check the area to determine if there are any potential radio frequencies or 
             electrical transmissions that could interfere with the safe operation of the aircraft.  

          Written and/or verbal permission from the relevant property holders will be 
             obtained while gathering digital imagery. 

          All required permissions and permits will be obtained from territorial, state, county 
             or city jurisdictions, including local law enforcement, fire, or other appropriate 
             governmental agencies. 

          A log book will be kept for each flight to document routine matters such as the flight 
             date, purpose, weather conditions and any maintenance issues or unexpected 
             adverse incidents.  

          The pilot will operate the PHANTOM 2 and INSPIRE 1 in safe environments that are 
             strictly controlled, away from power lines, lights, airports and populated areas. 

          The pilot will contact respective airports if operations will be within 5 nautical miles 
             to advise them of the location, estimated flight time and elevation of flight. 

          All operations will be conducted over private or controlledaccess property with 
             permission from the landowner or authorized representative. 

          We will obtain a Certificate of Waiver for Authorization (COA) before conducting any 
             operations.  Shutter Pilots will also request a Notice to Airmen (NOTAM) when 
             required between 48 to 72 hours prior to the operation.  

          Any incident, accident or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical 
             boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA will be reported 
             to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS80) with 24 hours.  Accidents will be 
             reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions 
             contained on the NTSB website: www.ntsb.gov. 

 
Maintenance of sUAS 

     Prior to each flight, the PIC will inspect the sUAS to ensure it's in a safe condition for 
         flight. If the inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the sUAS, 
         the aircraft will be prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been 
         performed. The Ground Control Station will be included in the preflight inspection. All 
         maintenance and alterations will be properly documented in aircraft records. 

                                                                                                                   16 
 
     Any sUAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the sUAS operation 
         or flight characteristics will undergo a functional test flight. The PIC who conducts the 
         functional test flight will make an entry in the sUAS aircraft logbook of the flight. 

     Shutter Pilots will follow the manufacturer's sUAS aircraft/component, maintenance, 
         overhaul, replacement, inspection and life limit requirements. 

Shutter Pilots safety protocols will provide a level of safety at least equal to existing rules and, 
in some instances, greater than existing rules.  

A summary the FAA may publish in the Federal Register: 

Shutter Pilots, Inc., requests an exemption from Part 21 and §§ 45.23(b), 61.113(a) and (b), 
91.7(a), 91.9(b)(2), 91.103(b), 91.109, 91.119, 91.121, 91.151(a), 91.203(a) and (b), 91.405(a), 
91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(2), and 91.417(a) and (b) of Title 14, Code of Federal Regulations. 

The proposed exemption will allow Shutter Pilots to operate its small, unmanned aerial systems 
(sUAS) as a safe and cost effective means of capturing digital imagery (still photographs and 
video footage) in providing twodimensional (2D) and threedimensional (3D) visualization and 
animation services to support various industries including, but not limited to, property 
development, historic preservation and accident reconstruction.  These specialized services 
include, but would not be limited to, the following examples: 

          Providing property developers, engineers and architects with a new way to pre
             visualize their construction projects by adding 2D and 3D building models to aerial 
             images and videos. 
              

          Providing historians, curators and tribal nations (e.g., Alaska Native and American 
             Indian tribes) with a new way to visually recreate archeology sites, historic events or 
             other occurrences of past significance.  

 
          Providing insurance and legal professionals with a new way of reconstructing 
             accident scenes using 2D and 3D aerial simulations. 

 
All proposed aerial imaging operations would be conducted by Shutter Pilots under controlled 
conditions in airspace that is: 1) limited, 2) predetermined, and 3) access controlled. 

Additional Background Information to Support Shutter Pilot's Request: 

Shutter Pilots, Inc., is a small, minorityowned company incorporated in the State of North 
Dakota.  The company's mission is to provide innovative aerial imaging solutions that inspire 
and advance the efforts of its clients and affiliates.  The principal owner, Mike Mabin, is an 
enrolled member of the Turtle Mountain Band of Chippewa Indians and a longtime marketing 
and communications professional.   
 

                                                                                                                   17 
 
Having practiced photography, filmmaking and video production as both a hobby and a career 
for the past 40 years, Mabin has gained much recognition throughout North Dakota and 
beyond for his expertise in these fields.  In recent years, he's also become well known for his 
recreational interests and experience in flying remotecontrolled aircraft including a DJI 
Phantom II Vision+ and a DJI Inspire 1. 

As a result of his background, Mabin has received numerous requests to capture aerial photos 
and videos for both personal and businessrelated purposes.  These requests have increased 
exponentially this past year as a result of the following developments: 

     In the fall of 2014, Mabin attended a UAV/UAS conference and passed a written exam 
         and flight test to become a FlySafe Certified UAS Pilot.  This accomplishment was 
         covered as a news story in several area publications, including The Bismarck Tribune and 
         local Chamber of Commerce newsletter. 
          

     In December of 2014, Mabin and a colleague were asked to present a workshop on the 
         topic of "Aerial Image Capture" at the 2015 Dakota Digital Film Festival.  This talk 
         resulted in a feature story running in The Bismarck Tribune on January 25, 2015, titled 
         "Drones Give Film a New View Point." (http://bismarcktribune.com/news/local/drones
         givefilmanewviewpoint/article_c709ddcea7505e7eb291ba930f8cd781.html) 

 
     Stories about drones are in the news almost daily at all levels ­ local, national and 
         international.  This increased media exposure has heightened the public's interest in the 
         topic, as well as a desire to find ways to put the technology to use for their purposes.  

Out of recognition and respect for the FAA's regulations that prohibit the use of UAVs for 
commercial purposes, Mabin and his associates have declined all requests for hire or 
compensation.  Instead, they've offered to shoot photos or footage on a selective basis at no 
charge based on the approved projects needing to follow safety and procedural standards 
similar to those proposed in this exemption request.  

Examples of the projects they've accepted on an amateur, no cost basis have included the 
following requests from reputable organizations: 

     A local church planning to build a new high school and wanting to show potential donors 
         where the new facility will be located and what it might look like once it's built 

     A North Dakota state park desiring to capture video of a historical site and recreate a 
         scene of what an Indian village looked like several hundred years ago 

     A regional medical center wanting to capture pictures of a facility expansion project 
     A regional zoo desiring to show an aerial video and 3D illustration of a proposed exhibit 

         featuring Penguins and other exotic animals 
     A Native American architect wanting to depict an aerial view of a planned expansion of a 

         cultural center 

                                                                                                                   18 
 
These and other similar requests have prompted Mabin and his partners to seriously pursue 
aerial imaging, coupled with 2D and 3D visualization services, as an emerging business 
opportunity.  The team doesn't consider this endeavor to be a new or passing fad.  Instead, it 
has been a process in the making for a very long time.   
 
Mabin's passion for photography began in 1974 after taking an audiovisual class in high school.  
This experience led him to a decision to pursue photography as a career.  He attended the 
Minneapolis College of Art & Design where he majored in film and video production.  He then 
sought and received a Bachelor's degree in Mass Communications and a Master's degree in 
Management from the University of Mary, Bismarck, North Dakota.  

After graduating from college, Mabin worked for over 20 years as the Director of Marketing & 
Communications for a regional healthcare system.  Then, in 2001, he acted on a longtime 
dream to start a business.  His company is called Marketing & Advertising Business Unlimited, 
Inc. (MABU).  With offices in both North Dakota and Virginia, MABU currently employs nearly 
two dozen graphic designers, creative writers, web developers and multimedia coordinators. 

Having turned one passion into a career, Mabin also pursued another passion as a hobby  that 
being remotecontrolled model aircraft.  As an avid and longtime aviation enthusiast, he's 
flown various remotecontrolled aircraft, including over 100 hours of flight time with the 
proposed sUAS.   
 
As a member of the Academy of Model Aeronautics, Mabin and his partners are committed to 
following the National Model Aircraft Safety Code (Attachment A).  The team is also committed 
to continually advancing their knowledge and skills, as evidenced by Mabin's attendance at the 
2014 UAV/UAS FlySafe Conference where he became a certified FlySafe pilot after passing a 
written and practical flight exam. 

Mabin is joined in the business by two other managing partners. 

          His oldest son Alexander Mabin currently runs MABU's satellite office in 
             Fredericksburg, Virginia.  As MABU's Executive Vice President, he serves as a Senior 
             Project Manager for our clients in the Washington, DC area including the U.S. 
             Departments of Defense, Justice and Treasury, as well as the Smithsonian Institution 
             and the National Congress of American Indians. Having graduated with a Bachelor's 
             degree in International Studies, he was previously employed as a Senior Consultant 
             with Booz Allen Hamilton's Government Division, advising highlevel officials on 
             financial and analytic decisions.  
              

          The other partner in Shutter Pilots is Ed Sargeant.  His broadbased experience 
             includes working as a Technical Director in visual effects for several Hollywood 
             movies, most notably Harry Potter & the Goblet of Fire and Batman Begins.  
             Sargeant earned a Master of Arts in Drawing from Camberwell College of Art in 

                                                                                                                   19 
 
             London, as well as a Bachelor of Arts in Computer Visualization and Animation from 
             Bournemouth University, England. Sargeant currently serves as MABU's Director of 
             Multimedia Solutions.  Prior to joining MABU, he was an Instructor at Rasmussen 
             College, Bismarck, ND, where he taught graphic design, multimedia production, e
             learning tools, web development, and 3D/2D modeling and animation. 
Mabin and his partners anticipate providing services primarily in North Dakota and surrounding 
states; however, over time, future requests may necessitate providing services across the 
nation and beyond, including Canada.  Our headquarters are located within 2 hours of the 
Canadian border.  If assignments take us to Canada, we will abide by Transport Canada's 
regulations governing small, unmanned aircraft (Attachment H). 
The Shutter Pilots team is committed to positively advancing the aerial imaging industry.  They 
are experienced business professionals looking to meet an emerging market need.  They desire 
to do so in full compliance with all government laws and regulations, thus assuring the highest 
standards of safety and quality. 
 
Respectfully Submitted, 

                                 
Michael J. Mabin, President 
Shutter Pilots, Inc. 

                                                                                                                   20 
 
