September 1, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12698
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA-2015-2632

Mr. Roland H. Beason
Counsel for Si Global
Si Global, Inc.
1791 OG Skinner Drive, Suite C
West Point, GA 31833

Dear Mr. Beason:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated June 11, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of Si Global, Inc. (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption. The petitioner
requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct data collection on
elevated structures and other property.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner are the a DJI Phantom 3, DJI Phantom 2, DJI Inspire 1,
DJI S1000+, and Aeryon SkyRanger.

In accordance with the statutory criteria provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in
reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited
                                                                                                                 2

operating area associated with the aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation
has determined that this aircraft meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA
finds that relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts,
Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing
requirements of part 36, is not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Si Global, Inc. is granted an exemption from 14 CFR
§§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121,
91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to the
extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                             3

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Si Global, Inc. is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom 3,
    DJI Phantom 2, DJI Inspire 1, DJI S1000+, and Aeryon SkyRanger when weighing
    less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any other aircraft will
    require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
    not permitted.

3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
    exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
    compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
    airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
    aircraft manufacturer.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.

    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
    electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
    must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
    required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
                                                                                                            4

    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.
                                                                                                            5

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.
                                                                                                            6

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

    The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
    nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
    reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
    contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.
                                                                                                                 7

 If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
 television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                                                 8

This exemption terminates on September 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,
/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
Si Global, Inc.

1791 OG Skinner Drive, Suite C
West Point, GA 31833

Direct Phone: 205-223-3001
Email: roland@siglobal.com

June 11, 2015

U. S. Department of Transportation Docket
Management System
1200 New Jersey Ave., SE
Washington, DC 20590

Re: Si Global's Request for Exemption from Certain Regulations per Section 333 of the FAA
         Reform Act and Part 11 of the Federal Aviation Regulations

Dear Sir or Madam:

Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (the Reform Act) and 14
C.F.R. Part 11, Si Global, Inc. ("Si Global") hereby applies for an exemption from the listed Federal
Aviation Regulations ("FARs") to allow business use (commercial operation) of its sUASs, so long as
such operations are conducted within and under the conditions outlined herein or as may be
established by the FAA as required by Section 333.

I. INTRODUCTION

Si Global seeks to operate sUASs for aerial data collection. In support of its application, Si Global
submits confidentially a Flight Operations Manual and flight manuals for the DJI Phantom 3, DJI
Phantom 2, DJI Inspire 1, DJI S1000+, and Aeryon SkyRanger. To the extent anything in this letter
conflicts with the Flight Operations Manual or flight manuals, those documents control.

Specific Regulations for which an exemption is sought:

14 CFR 61.113 (a)               14 CFR 91.405 (a)
14 CFR 91.7(a)                  14 CFR 407 (a) (1)

14 CFR 91.119(b) & (c)          14 CFR 409 (a) (1) & (2)
14 CFR 91.121                   14 CFR 417 (a) & (b)

14 CFR 91.151 (a)

                                1
  

 II. SI GLOBAL'S OPERATIONS DO NOT POSE SIGNIFICANT HAZARDS
 The sUAS's utilized by Si Global are electric multi-rotor craft, weighing less than 55 lbs. including
 payload. They operate at a speed of no more than 80 mph (29 knots) and have the capability to
 hover, and/or move in a vertical and horizontal plane simultaneously. They will only be operated as
 visual line of sight (VLOS), remain under 400 ft. above ground level, or no more than 50 ft, above
 the structure being inspected, if that structure exceeds 400 ft. The sUASs will operate only with
 permission of involved property owners and/or local government officials.
 During the proposed data collection operations, the site will be secured, and non-participants will be
 kept at least 500 feet away from the operation, unless barriers or structures are present that
 sufficiently protect non-participants from debris in the event of an accident.
 Si Global has drafted, and submits confidentially, a Flight Operations Manual which discusses safety
 considerations, training and general operating procedures for the proposed operations. Si Global has
 also drafted, and submits confidentially, sUAS Aircraft Flight Manuals which set forth the
 specifications, inspection and setup of the sUASs intended for use in the proposed operations.
 III. SI GLOBAL' PROPOSED OPERATIONS ARE IN THE PUBLIC

          INTEREST
 The FAA recently issued a Grant of Exemption to FalconSkyCam for operations that are substantially
 similar to those proposed herein. Docket No. FAA-2014-0884 (used March 6, 2015). In issuing the
 Grant, the FAA noted that "[t]he enhanced safety and reduced environmental impact achieved using a
 UAS with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or crew, rather
 than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in addition to flammable
 fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled by this exemption is in the
 public interest."
 Accordingly, Si Global respectfully requests that the FAA grant the requested exemption without
 delay.

                                                                                                2
  

 IV. EQUIVALENT LEVEL OF SAFETY

 Si Global proposes that the exemption requested herein apply to civil aircraft that have the
 characteristics and operate with the limitations listed herein. These limitations, as listed below, provide
 for at least an equivalent or even higher level of safety to operations under the current regulatory
 structure.
 These limitations and conditions to which Si Global agrees to be bound when conducting
 commercial operations under an FAA issued exemption include:

          The sUASs utilized by Si Global will weigh less than 55 lbs.
          Flights will be operated during daylight hours, in visual meteorological conditions, and within
          visual line of sight (VLOS) of the pilot of the sUAS.
          All operations will utilize a visual observer in addition to the operator.
          Maximum total flight time for each operational flight will be approximately 30 minutes, or when
          the sUAS reaches 25% battery power..
          As noted, non-participants will be kept at least 500 feet away from the operation, unless barriers
 or structures are present that sufficiently protect non-participants from debris in the event of an accident.

 V. EXEMPTIONS REQUESTED

          14 C.F.R. § 61.113(a) and (b): Private vs. Commercial Pilot Certificates
 Sections 61.113(a) and (b) prohibit non-commercially rated pilots from operating an aircraft for
 compensation or hire. Si Global proposes that its pilots will have at least a sport or recreational pilot's
 certificate, and a medical certificate. Its operations will be limited to controlled areas as reflected in Si
 Global' Flight Operations Manual. For the reasons set forth in the FAA's grant of an exemption to
 Astraeus Aerial, Si Global does not believe a commercial pilot certificate is necessary for the
 operations it intends to conduct. See, e.g., In the matter of the petition of Astraeus Aerial, Exemption
 No. 11062 (issued Sept. 25, 2014). For those reasons, Si Global requests an exemption from 14 C.F.R.
 § 61.113(a) and (b).

                                                                                                3
  

          14 C.F.R. § 91.7(a): Civil Aircraft Airworthiness

 Section 91.7 prohibits operation of an unairworthy aircraft, and places responsibility for airworthiness
 determinations on the pilot in command. The sUASs will not have an airworthiness certificate, and
 there is no FAA regulatory standard for determining airworthiness of the sUASs. Additionally, Si
 Global' operating documents set forth inspection and maintenance procedures to ensure airworthiness.
 For these reasons, and in accordance with the FAA's grant of an exemption from 91.7 to Total Safety
 U.S., Inc., Si Global requests an exemption from 14 CFR. § 91.7(a). See, e.g., In the matter of the
 petition of Total Safety U.S., Inc., Exemption No. 11156 (issued Jan. 29, 2015).

          14 C.F.R. §91.119(b) and (c): Minimum Safe Altitudes

 Section 91.119 establishes safe altitudes for operation of civil aircraft. Section 91.119(b) prohibits
 aircraft in congested areas from flying less than 1,000 feet above the highest obstacle within a horizontal
 radius of 2,000 feet of the aircraft. To the extent that the structures that Si Global would be inspecting
 are considered to be in "congested areas,"1 Si Global' operational procedures, and the size, weight and
 speed of the sUAS, provide an equivalent level of safety such that operations at lower altitudes should be
 allowed.

 As described in its Flight Operations Manual, Si Global will establish a 500' buffer/sterile area for its
 operations that will exclude personnel not associated with the operations. Si Global will also exercise
 additional control over the sterile area as needed, as set forth in the Manual. Consequently, Si Global
 believes these procedures will reduce or eliminate any potential adverse impacts to safety for operations
 in congested areas. Si Global therefore requests an exemption from 14 CFR
 § 91.119(b).

  Section 91.119 (c) prohibits operations in other than congested areas below 500 feet above the surface,
 or closer than 500 feet to any person, vessel, vehicle or structure. As this exemption is for sUASs that
 fly similarly to a helicopter and the exemption requests authority to operate at altitudes up to 400 ft AGL
 (or no more than 50 ft above the structure being inspected, if taller than 400 ft) , an exemption may be
 needed to allow such operations.

 The equivalent level of safety will be achieved given the size, weight, speed of the UAS as well as the
 location where it is operated. As discussed above, Si Global' Flight Operations Manual provides for
 establishment of a sterile area, included safety buffers of 500 feet for personnel not associated with
 the operation. A 100 foot safety buffer will be in place for authorized personnel associated with the
 operation, unless the PIC determines a reduced buffer is essential to the current

 1 The FAA Office of the Chief Counsel has indicated that whether an area is "congested" is determined on a case-by-case
 basis. See, e.g., June 18, 2012, Memorandum from Rebecca B. MacPherson, Assistant Chief Counsel for Regulations, to
 James E. Gardner, Manager, Flight Standards Division, re "To what extent an operator can make a congested area
 uncongested."

                                                                                                4
  

 operation. Si Global therefore requests an exemption from Section 91.119(c) for all authorized
 personnel associated with the operation.

          14 C.F.R. §91.121 Altimeter Settings
 This regulation requires each person operating an aircraft to maintain cruising altitude by reference to
 an altimeter that is set "... to the elevation of the departure airport or an appropriate altimeter setting
 available before departure." As the sUASs may not have a barometric altimeter, but instead a GPS
 altitude read out, an exemption may be needed.

          14 C.F.R. § 91.151(a): Fuel Requirements for Flight in VFR Conditions
 Section 91.151 (a) prohibits an individual from beginning "a flight in an airplane under VFR
 conditions unless (considering wind and forecast weather conditions) there is enough fuel to fly to the
 first point of intended landing, and, assuming normal cruising speed ­ (1) During the day, to fly after
 that for at least 30 minutes; or (2) At night, to fly after that for at least 45 minutes."
 Maximum total flight time for each operational flight will be approximately 30 minutes. Flights will be
 safely landed when the battery falls below its nominal voltage, should that occur prior to completion of
 the operation. The sUASs Si Global proposes to use all have a Low Voltage Warning which alerts
 when the battery reaches pre-determined levels. This battery level would be more than adequate to
 return the sUAS to its planned landing zone from anywhere in its limited operating area when the Low
 Voltage Warning alerts.
 For these reasons, Si Global requests an exemption from 14 C.F.R. § 91.151(a). Similar exemptions
 have been granted to other operations, including Exemptions 2689F, 5745, 10673, and 10808.

          14 C.F.R. §91.405 (a); 407 (a) (1); 409 (a) (1) & (2); 417(a) & (b): Maintenance Inspections
 These regulations require that an aircraft operator or owner "shall have that aircraft inspected as
 prescribed in subpart E of this part and shall between required inspections, except as provided in
 paragraph (c) of this section, have discrepancies repaired as prescribed in part 43 of this chapter ...,"
 and others shall inspect or maintain the aircraft in compliance with Part 43.
 As provided in Si Global' Operations Manual, the operator will ensure that the UAS is in working
 order prior to initiating flight, perform required maintenance and inspections, and keep a log of any
 maintenance performed.
 VI. REGULATIONS FOR WHICH EXEMPTIONS ARE UNNECESSARY

                                                                                                5
  

 The Federal Aviation Administration just issued a number of exemptions for UAS operations in filming
 of movies. In those exemptions, the agency noted that exemptions from certain regulations were not
 necessary, due to "the size, weight, speed and limited operating area associated with [the UASs] and its
 operation."

 Based upon the FAA's guidance, and the fact that Si Global sUASs are similar in size or smaller than
 those proposed by the film-making industry, Si Global believes exemptions from the following
 regulations are not necessary:

                   14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H: Airworthiness Certificates
                   14 C.F.R. § 45.23 (b). Marking of the Aircraft
                   14 C.F.R. §91.7(b): Civil aircraft airworthiness.
                   14 C.F.R. §91.109: Flight instruction.

 Si Global also believes that an exemption from 14 C.F.R. § 91.103: Preflight Action, is not
 necessary. This regulation requires each pilot in command to take certain actions before flight to
 insure the safety of flight. An FAA approved rotorcraft flight manual will not be provided for the
 aircraft. An equivalent level of safety will be provided as set forth in the operating documents
 submitted as part of this request.

 The FAA has previously found that adherence to procedures contained in an applicant's operating
 documents demonstrate compliance with § 91.103, and therefore an exemption from the regulation
 was not necessary. See, e.g., In the matter of the petition of Total Safety U.S., Inc., Exemption No.
 11156 (issued Jan. 29, 2015).

 As detailed in its operating documents, Si Global' PIC will take all actions including reviewing
 weather, flight battery requirements, landing and takeoff clearance distances and aircraft
 performance data before initiation of flight to ensure the safety of the flight. Consequently, in light
 of the agency's prior finding in Total Safety U.S., Inc., Si Global does not believe an exemption
 from 14 C.F.R. § 91.103 is necessary.

 Pursuant to 14 C.F.R. Part 11, the following summary is provided for publication in the Federal
 Register, should it be determined that publication is needed:

          Si Global LLC seeks an exemption from the following rules:

          14 C.F.R. § 61.113(a) and (b); 91.7 (a); 91.119(b) and (c); 91.121; 91.151(a); 91.405
          (a); 91.407 (a) (1); 91.409 (a) (1) & (2) and 91.417 (a) & (b) to conduct aerial data collection.

          Approval of exemptions allowing commercial operations of sUASs for these operations will
          enhance safety by reducing risk. Conventional means for performing data collection on
          elevated structures and other property require ladders, ropes, aerial lifts, or using conventional

                                                                                                6
  

          helicopters operating at extremely low altitudes over the subject structure being photographed.
          These conventional means all pose risks to persons and property.
          In contrast, an sUAS weighing less than 55 lbs. and powered by batteries, eliminates virtually
          all of that risk given the reduced mass and lack of combustible fuel carried on board. The
          sUAS is carried to the project site and not flown. The sUAS will carry no passengers or crew
          and, therefore, will not expose them to the risks associated with manned aircraft flights,
          ground-based aerial lift (bucket truck) operations, or manual climbing and inspection
          operations.
          The operation of small UASs, weighing less than 55 lbs., conducted in the strict conditions
          outlined above, will provide an equivalent level of safety supporting the grant of the
          exemptions requested herein, including exempting Si Global from the requirements of Part 21
          and allowing commercial operations. These lightweight aircraft operate at slow speeds, and
          close to the ground, and, as a result, are far safer than conventional alternatives.
          Privacy
          All flights will occur over private or controlled access property with the property owner's
          prior consent and knowledge.
 Satisfaction of the criteria provided in Section 333 of the Reform Act of 2012--size, weight, speed,
 operating capabilities, proximity to airports and populated areas and operation within visual line of sight
 and national security ­ provide more than adequate justification for the grant of the requested
 exemptions allowing commercial operation of Si Global' sUASs to conduct aerial data collection.
 Very truly yours,

 Roland H Beason

 Roland H. Beason
 Counsel for Si Global

                                                                                                7
