July 15, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12052
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­1563

Mr. David Terry
Silverhawk LLC
dba Silverhawk Aerial Imaging
4859 Burch Creek Drive South
Ogden, UT 84403

Dear Mr. Terry:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated May 2, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of Silverhawk LLC dba Silverhawk Aerial Imaging (hereinafter petitioner or operator)
for an exemption. The petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to
conduct aerial imaging, inspection, photogrammetry and data collection.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner are the DJI Phantom 2 Vision and DJI Inspire 1.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
                                                                                                                 2

consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Silverhawk LLC dba Silverhawk Aerial Imaging is
granted an exemption from 14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a),
61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and
(2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to
perform aerial data collection. This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations
listed below.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                                                 3

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Silverhawk LLC dba Silverhawk Aerial Imaging is hereafter
referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom 2
         Vision and DJI Inspire 1 when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload.
         Proposed operations of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to
         amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
         must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
         documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
         Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
                                                                                                            4

    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.
                                                                                                            5

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.
                                                                                                            6

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

    The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
    nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
    reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
    contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.
                                                                                                                 7

 If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
 television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                    8

This exemption terminates on July 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,
/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
                                   The Law Office of Darrell J. Green, LLC
                                           770 S. Willow Park Drive
                                                   Lehi, UT 84043
                                              Telephone: (660) 624-2181

                                        Email : green.T 7 0 @comcast.net

May 2,2015

YIA ELECTRONIC SUBMISSION

Federal Docket Manaeement ]ryebsite
U. S. Department of Transportation
Docket Management System
1200 New Jersey Ave., SE

Washington, DC 20590

Re: Request for Exemption pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform

         Act of 2012 and 14. C.F.R. Part 11

Dear Sir or Madam:

        Silverhawk L.L.C. d/b/a Silverhawk Aerial Imaging (Silverhawk) is a business for the
pu{pose of conducting (1) commercial and industrial aerial imaging; (2) aerial surveying for data

collection; (3) aerial photogrammetry, inspection and analysis; and ( ) tower and structure

inspections. Silverhawk is owner of Small Unmanned Aircraft Systems ["sUASs"]. These sUASs
are equipped with video, photographic, and imaging equipment for the purpose of collecting data
for use by commercial industries and other private and public entities, in pre-planned, controlled
access property, private and public areas. Silverhawk is requesting regulatory and statutory relief
pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2A1o $he Reform Act)

and 14 C.F.R. Part 11 to allow commercial operations of its sUASs. These operations will be

conducted pursuant to the conditions described within this request and in accordance with those
established by the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) and as required by Section 333 of the
Reform Act. Granting the requested exemption would permit the operation of small, unmanned
aircraft systems under controlled conditions in airspace that is limited and predetermined over

private, controlled access property or public property where approved and will do so with the

property owner's consent and knowledge. Only people who have consented or otherwise agreed

will be in the area where videography and photography will take place. All permissions,
authorizations, pefinits, grants or other required authorizations would be secured prior to

operation.

         Granting this exemption would enhance the already safe operations in the industries that
conduct: (1) commercial and industrial aerial imaging; (2) aenal surveying for data collection; (3)
aerial photogrammetry, inspection and analysis; and (a) tower and structure inspections. This in

tum fulfills the Secretary of Transportation's (the FAA Administrator's) responsibilities to

"...establish requirements for the safe operation of such aircraft systems in the national airspace
system" (The Reform Act, Section 333(c)).
         The name and address of the applicant is:

                   Silverhawk L.L.C. d/b/a Silverhawk Aerial Imaging
                  Athr: Mr. David Terr),
                   Telephone: (801) 920-4178
                    Email : pilot@silverhawkai. com
                  Address: 4859 Burch Creek Dr South Ogden, UT 84403

I. FAA authoritv for grantine exemptions

         Section 333 (a) through (c) of the Reform Act required the Secretary of Transportation

". . . . to determine if certain unmanned aircraft systems may operate safely in the national

airspace system before completion of the plan and rulemaking required by section 332 of this
Act or the guidance required by section 334 of this Act."

       The Secretary is required to assess the UASs and determine if the UAS may safely

operate inthe National Air Space (NAS) based upon the following criteria:

      (l) . . . their size, weight, speed, operational capability, proximity to airports and

         populated areas, and operation within visual line of sighr [emphasis added] do not create
          ahazard to users of the national airspace system or the public or pose a threat to national
          security; and

       (2) whether a certificate of waiver, certificate of authorization, or airworthiness

        certification under section 44704 of title 49, United States Code, is required for the

         operation of unmanned aircraft systems identified under para$aph (1).

        The Secretary is then required to o'. . . establish requirements for the safe operation of

such aircraft systems in the national airspace system." Reform Act, Sec. 333 (c). Pursuant to this
requirement the Secretary may define conditions (through the Federal Aviation Administation)
for the safe operation of the UAS.

        Granting this request for exemption complies would fuIfilI Congress' goal in passing

Section 333(a) through (c) of the Reform Act and the Federal Aviation Act.

U. Request will benefit the public as a whole

         The Administrator may grant an exemption from a requirement of a regulation prescribed
under subsection (a) or (b) of Section 333 of the Reform Act or any sections from 44702-44716
of this title if the Administrator finds the exemption in the public interest.

         Silverhawks's Unmanned Aircraft (UA) are the DJI Phantom Vision 2 plus and the DJI

Inspire I rotorcraft, weighing 55 pounds or less, including payload. Silverhawk's request fits the

defined criteria as established by Congress and the FAA based upon the small size of the sUAS
involved and the predetermined environment within which they will operate. Due to the defined
operational parameters there are no national security issues. Based upon the intent and specific

                                                  Page2 ofl2
language as provided in Section 333 of the Reform Act and the authority of the FAA, there exists
a significant public benefit for granting this exemption.

         The use of UAS technology to obtain imagery, information and data currently obtained

by use of manned flight or manual methods: (l) reduces statistical risk to human life due to
manned aircraft accidents and due to other dangerous activities that can be avoided (e.g.,

scaffolding/rigging failures during stack); (2) reduces the cost of obtaining such information,
which benefits consumers and the economy; (3) reduces environmental impact by eliminating
sources of hydrocarbon emissions from manned aircraft; (4) preserve wildlife environments; and
(5) increase the state and local economies via the introduction of new technological equipment
utilized by start-up companies. With respect to one section of Silverhawk's request to inspect
towers and structure inspections and as previously stated by Asymmetric Technologies "Aerial
surveys are valuable tools for utility-power generation inspections. However, problems with
safety, cost, statistical integrity, and logistics continue to impede aerial surveys and inspections

from conventional manned aircraft. The use of sUAS addresses these problems and is a powerful
tool for performing a wide-range of utility-power generation inspection and pahol applications.

The public as a whole will benefit from the safer and more cost-effective utility aerial services

that sUAS operations provide." Asymmetric Technologies Petition for Exemption, Reg. Docket
No, FAA 2014- 0816.

UI. Aircraft.and Equivalent Level of Safetv

       Silverhawk asserts that the exemption requested applies to civil aircraft (sUAS)

described within this application. The enhanced safety (set forth in detail below) is coupled
with a reduction in environmental impacts such as reduced emissions as compared to a full scale
aircraft, less expeusive personnel and equipment costs, and reduced noise. These limitations
provide for at least an equivalent or even higher level of safety to operations under the current
regulatory structure because the proposed operations represent a safety enhancement to the
already safe aerial video, photography and aerial data collections operations conducted with

conventional aircraft.

         Silverhawk's proposed operations for aerial inspection of unoccupied structures would be
consistent with those already approved by the Administrator (see FAA-2014-0873 Advanced

Aerial lnspection Resources, LLC (Advanced Aerial)). As stated in Advanced Aerial's Request
for Exemption " . . . unoccupied structures, generally built upon right of ways with adequate

buffer to protect the public from physical harm or invasion of privacy during inspection
operations. For example, most utility structures are in the middle of a right of way that is
between 150-200 ft wide. AAIR's operations would remain within that right of way. Virtually all
wind turbine towers are also generally remote and on a "wind farm" that is owned by the wind
farm. AAIR's operations would remain vertically within the wind farm's footprint. Moreover,
wind turbine towers and wind farms are already subject to obstruction marking, lighting and
notification requirements set forth by the FAA. Similarly, telecommunications towers are
generally some distance from dwellings, and even those that are not are generally sited within a

right of way . . . o'(see FAA-2014-0873 Advanced Aerial Inspection Resources, LLC;

                                                               Page 3 of 12
Exemption 11277). Silverhawk's sUAS would remain within all allowable right-of-ways or
would otherwise obtain all required permits or authorizations.

       These limitations and conditions to which Silverhawk agrees to be bound when

conducting (1) commercial and industrial aerial imaging; (2) aerial surveying for data collection;

(3) aerial photogrammetry, inspection and analysis; and (a) bridge, tower and structure
inspections that provide the equivalent level of safety when conducting commercial operations

under an FAA issued exemption include:

   1. Operations limited to the DJI Phantom and DJI Inspire I series aircraft which weigh less

         than 55 pounds including payload.

   2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming will not be

        conducted without an FAA approved Motion Picture and Television and Operations

          manual.

    J. The UA will not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). In no
       case will the UA be operated at airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating

       airspeed recommended by the aircraft manufacturer. (Appendix A - DJI Phantom 2 Users
        Manual and Appendix D - DJI Inspire I User Manual (EN) vl.0).

    4. Maximum total flight time for each operational flight willbe 30 minutes. Flights will be
        terminated at 25Yo battery power reserve should that occur prior to the 30 minute
         limit.

    5. The UA will be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
        (AGL). Altitudes will be reported in feet AGL.

        The UA will be operated within visual line of siehl (VLOS) of the PIC at all times. This
        requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or

         U.S. driver's license.

    7. Al1 operations will utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA will be operated within the
        visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at alI times. The VO may be used to

         satisff the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS capability. The

        VO and PIC will be able to communicate verbally at all times. Electronic messaging or
        texting will not be permitted during flight operations. The PIC will be designated before
        the flight and will not transfer his or her designation for the duration of the flight. The
        PIC will ensure that the VO can perform the duties required of the VO.

    8. A11 documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its operations in accordance with

        the conditions and limitations in a grant of exemption (hereinafter referred to as the
        operating documents) will be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the

          Administrator upon request.

                                                Page 4 ofl2
9. The UA will operate only in predetermined private, controlled access or public property

    where approved and will do so with the property owner's consent and knowledge and that
    only people who have consented or otherwise have agreed will be in the area where aerial
   videography and photography will take place. A11 permissions, authorizations, permits,
    grants or other required authorizations will be secured prior to operation.

10. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation or

   flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, will undergo a

    functional test flight prior to conducting firther operations. Functional test flights will
   only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and will remain at least 500 feet from other
   people. The functional test flight will be conducted in such a manner so as to not pose an

    undue hazardto persons and property.

11. Silverhawk is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is in a

   condition for safe operation in accordance with the manufacturer's requirements.

    (Appendix A:DJI Phantom 2 Users Manual; Appendix B: Smart Flight Battery Safety

    Guidelines; Appendix F: Inspire 1 Maintenance Manual Vl.O).

12. Prior to each flight, the PIC will conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the UAS is

   in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection will account for all potential

    discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the inspection reveals
   a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft will not be operated
    until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the UAS is found to be in a

   condition for safe flight. (Appendix A * DJI Phantom 2 Users Manual; Appendix D - DJI
   Inspire I User Manual (EN) vl.0; Appendix E - DJI Inspire I Safety Guidelines vl.0).

13. Silverhawk will follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul, replacement,
   inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and aircraft components. (See

    Appendix A-G for all manuals).

14. Each UAS operated under the exemption will comply with all manufacturer safety

    bulletins.

15. The PIC will hold either an airline transport, commercial, private, recreational, or sport
   pilot certificate. The PIC will also hold a current FAA airman medical certificate or a
    valid U.S. driver's license issued by a state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a
   territory, a possession, or the Federal government. The PIC will also meet the flight
    review requirements specified in 14 CFR $ 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated

    on his or her pilot certificate.

16. Silverhawk will not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated under

    the exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and maintaining appropriate

    distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC qualification flight hours
    and currency will be logged in a manner consistent with 14 CFR $ 61.51(b). Flights for

   the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs (training, proficiency, ffid

                                                         Page 5 of 12
    experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to safely operate the UAS in a
    manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated under the terms of the exemption
    in accordance with the Phantom Pilot Training Guide prior to conducting conventional

   operations (See Appendix C). Training operations will only be conducted during

    dedicated training sessions. During training, proficiency, and experience-building flights,
    all persons not essential for flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC
    will operate the UA with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14
    cFR $ 91.119.

17. UAS operations will not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR $ 1.1. All

    operations will be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC).

18. The UA will not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as

    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not denoted
    with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the curent FAA-published

   aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's management is

   obtained or otherurise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption holder. The letter of
   agreement with the airport management will be made available to the Administrator or

    any law enforcement official upon request.

19. The UA will not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet horizontally
    from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

20. If the UA loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA will retum to a pre-

    determined location within the private, controlled*access or public property.

21. The PIC will abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

22.The PIC will not begin a flight unless (considering wind and forecast weather conditions)
    there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the intended operation and to

    operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve power recommended by the

    manufacturer if greater.

23. Atr Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorizatron (COA). All

    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The exemption

   holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct operations that

     cannot be conducted under the terms of the granted COA.

24. All aircraft operated in accordance with the proposed exemption will be identified by
    serial number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N*Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings will be

     as large as practicable.

25. Documents used by Silverhawk to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UA and any
    documents required under 14 CFR $$ 91.9 and 91.203 will be available to the PIC at the

                                                         Page 6 of 12
    Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating. These documents
    will be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

26.The UA will remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and activities at

    all times.

27.The UA will not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

28. All Flight operations will be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating

     persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:

       a. Barriers or structures are present that sfficiently protect nonparticipating persons

            from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator will ensure
           that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
            where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
            the UA, flight operations will cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety

              of nonparticipating persons; and

      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission

            for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of

             the risk of operating closer to tlose objects and determined that it does not present

               an undue hazard.

    The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons will not considered nonparticipating

     persons under a proposed exemption.

29. All operations will be conducted over private, controlled-access or public property with

    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative. Permission

   from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be obtained for each

    flight to be conducted.

30. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical

    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA will be reported to
    the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be

    reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions contained
    on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

3l.If the exemption permits operations for the pu{pose of closed-set motion picture and

    television filming and production, Silverhawk:

       a. Must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM) as

              approved by the Federal Aviation Administration.

       b. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by the

             proposed exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight
            Standards District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed
              filming. The 3-day notification may be waived with the concuffence of the FSDO.
              The plan of activities must include at least the following:

                 i. Dates and times for all flights;
                ii. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial

                                 filming conducted under this grant of exemption;

                                                       PageT of12
 iii.  Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-
 iv.
 v.    scene operation of the UAS;
 vi.   Make, model, and serial orN-Number of UAS to be used;
       Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial
vii.   filming;
viii.
       A statement that the operator has obtained permission from

       property owners and/or local officials to conduct the filming

       production event; the list of those who gave permission must be

       made available to the inspector upon request;

       Signature of exemption holder or representative; and

       A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of
       any area, city, town, county, and/or state over which filming will

       be conducted and the altitudes essential to accomplish the

       operation.

32. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
    consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
    operator MPTOM.

    33. The DJI Phantom Vision 2 User's Manual (Appendix A) sets forth the specifications of

      the DJI Phantom UAS. The DJI Inspire I User Manual (Appendix D) sets forth the

         specifications of the DJI Inspire 1.

ry. Regulations from which the exemption is requested

14 C.F.R. Pafi2l, Subpart H: Airworthiness Certificates 14 C.F.R. $91.203 (a) (l)

        Subpart H, entitled Airworthiness Certificates, establishes the procedural requirements
for the issuance of airworthiness certificates as required by FAR $91.203 (a) (1). The Federal
Aviation Act (49 U.S.C.$44701 (0) and Section 333 of the Reform Act both authorize the

FAA to exempt aircraft from the requirement for an airworthiness certificate, upon

consideration of the size, weight, speed operational capability, and proximity to airports and

populated areas of the particular UAS.

      Part 2l prescribes, in pertinent part, the procedural requirements for issuing and

changing design approvals, production approvals, airworthiness certificates, and airworttriness
approvals.

         PartZ7 sets forth airworthiness standards for normal category rotorcraft

        la C.F.R. $61.23 (a) & (c) prescribes, in pertinent part Operations requiring a medical

certificate and holding and possessing either a medical certificate issued under part 67 of this
chapter or a U.S. driver's license under certain conditions

      la C.F.R. $61.101 (a) & (b) prescribes in pertinent part the prohibition of a

recreational pilot acting as a PIC for compensation or hire and in furtherance of a business

        la C.F.R. $61.113 (a) & (b) prescribes in pertinent part the prohibition that no persor

                                                               Page 8 of 12
who holds a private pilot certificate may act as pilot in command of an aircraft that is carrying
passengers or property for compensation or hire; nor may that person, for compensation or
hire, act as pilot in command of an aircraft.

        l4 C.F.R. $61.315 (a): $61.315 prescribes in pertinent part the privileges and limits

of a sport pilot certificate.

        14 C.F.R. $ 91.7(a) prescribes, in pertinent part, that no person may operate a civil

aircraft unless it is in an airworthy condition,

       14 C.F.R. $ 91.9[bl (2) prohibits operation of U.S. registered civil aircraft unless there is

available in the aircraft a current approved Airplane or Rotorcraft Flight Manual, approved

manual material, markings, and placards, or any combination thereof.

      I14 C.F.R. 91.103[bl states, in pertinent part, that each pilot in command shall,

before beginning a flight, become familiar with all available information concerning that flight, to
include, "For any flight, nrnway lengths at airports of intended use, and the following takeoffand
landing distance information;... For civil aircraft for which an approved Airplane or Rotorcraft
Flight Manual containing takeoff and landing distance data is required, the takeoff and landing
distance data contained therein."

        14 C.F.R. $ 91.109(a) provides that "no person may operate a civil aircraft (except a
manned free balloon) that is being used for flight instruction unless that aircraft has fully

functioning dual controls."

        Section 91.119(c) prescribes that, except when necessary for takeoff or landing, no

person may operate an aircraft below the following altitudes: "Over other than congested axeas.
An altitude of 500 feet above the surface, except over open water or sparsely populated ileas.
In those cases, the aircraft may not be operated closer than 500 feet to any person, vessel,

vehicle, or structure. "

         14 C.F.R.  $ 91.121 requires, in  pertinent part, each  person operating an aircraft to
maintain cruising   altitude by reference
                                           to an altimeter that  is set uto the elevation of the

departure airport or an appropriate altimeter setting available before departure."

        la C.F.R. $ 91.151(a) prescribes that no person may begin a flight in an airplane under

VFR conditions unless (considering wind and forecast weather conditions) there is enough fuel

to fly to the first point of intended landing and, assuming normal cruising speed, (l) during

the day, to fly after that for at least 30 minutes; or (2) at night, to fly after that for at least 45

minutes.

      14 C.F.R. I 91.203 prohibits, in subpart (a), any person from operating a civil aircraft
unless it has within it (1) an appropriate and current airworthiness certificate; and (2) an

effective U.S. registration certificate issued to its owner or, for operation within the United
States, the second copy of the Aircraft Registration Application as provided for in $ 47,31(c].
Section 91.203 prescribes, in subpart (b), that no person may operate a civil aircraft unless an

airworthiness certificate or a special flight authorization issued under $ 91.715 legible to

passengers or crew is displayed at the cabin or cockpit entrance.

                                           Page 9 of 12
        la C.F.R. $ 91.405 [aJ requires, in pertinent part,lhat an aircraft operator or owner shall
have the aircraft inspected as prescribed in subpart E of the same part and shall, between

required inspections, except as provided in paragraph (c) of the same section, have

discrepancies repaired as prescribed in Part 43 ofthe chapter.

       la C.F.R. $ 9l.a07tal[1] prohibits, in pertinent part, any person from operating an

aircraft that has undergone maintenance, preventative maintenance, rebuilding, or alteration
unless it has been approved for return to service by a person authorized under g 43.7 of the

same chapter.

        14 C.F.R. $ 91.409ta) t2l prescribes, in pertinent part, that no person may operate an

aircraft unless, within the preceding 12 calendar months, It has had an inspection for the issuance

of an airworthiness certificate in accordance with part2l of this chapter.

        la C.F.R. g 91.a17[a) and lbl

These regulations require that an aircraft operator or owner *shall have that aircraft inspected as
prescribed in subpart E of this part and shall between required inspections, except as provided in

paragraph (c) of this section, have discrepancies repaired as prescribed in part 43 of this

chapter...," and others shall inspect or maintain the aircraft in compliance with Part 43.

        14 C.F.R. $45.23 ft). Marking of the Aircraft

The regulation requires: When marks include only the Roman capital letter "N" and the
regisfiation number is displayed on limited, restricted or light-sport category aircraft or
experimental or provisionally certificated aircraft, the operator must also display on that aircraft
near each entrance to the cabin, cockpit, or pilot station, in letters not less than2 inches nor more
than 6 inches high, the words 'limited," "restricted," "light-sport," "experimental," or
"provisional," as applicable.

Even though the sUASs will have no airworthiness certificate, an exemption may be needed as
the UAS will have no entrance to the cabin, cockpit or pilot station on which the "Experimental"
can be placed. Given the size of the sUAS, two-inch leffering will be impossible. The word
"Experimental" will be placed on the frame in compliance with $45.29 (f) at a size suitable for
the available space. The equivalent level of safety will be provided by having the sUAS marked
on its fuselage as required by $a5.29 (f) where the pilot, observer and others working with the
sUAV will see the identification of the UAS as "Experimental.* The FAA has issued the
following exemptions to this regulation to Exemptions Nos. 10700, 8738, 10167 and l0l67A.

V. Unqecessary to Publish Request for Exemption in the Federal Register

    The Administrator has stated that it may:
                 " . . . issue a sunmary grant when it finds it has already granted a previous

        exemption similar to the new request. Summary grants are far more efficient

       because they don't need to repeat the analysis performed for the original

         exemption on which they are based. Summary grants are a tool the FAA can use

                                                              Page 10 of 12
in all exemption areaso not just UAS.

         The FAA's experience in reviewing the Section 333 petitions shows they

generally fall into two categories: film/television production and aerial data

collection. Most exemptions in these categories will likely be handled through the

summary grant process. For unique requests, the agency will still publish the
petition in the Federal Register for public comment and will conduct a detailed

analysis."

Federal Aviation Administration. (2015). Petition for Exemption or Rulemaking

Retieved March 8,2015, from:
http://www.faa.gov/regulations policies/rulemakine/petition/#exemptions

        It is the position of Silverhawk that this request for exemption is similar in all material

llll2,respects to relief previously requested in Grant of Exemption Nos. nA62, 1 1 109, 11 110,

11158, 11160, 11171,11189, ll2l3,11277 and that the reasons for granting the request also
apply to the present situation and a grant of exemption is in the public interest. Therefore,

Silverhawk requests the Administrator issue a swnmary grant of exemption in the instant request.

VI. Summary Language ifNecessary to Publish Request for Exemption in the Federal

          Registgr

         Should the Administator determine that this Request for Exemption must be published in
the Federal Register, Silverhawk provides the following sunmary for the publication:

Applicant seeks an exemption from the following rules:

14 C.F.R. $21, subpart H; 14 C.F.R a5.23(b); 14 C.F.R 61.23(a) and (c); 14 CFR

61.101(e)(a) and (s); 14 C.F.R. $$ 61.113( a) and (b); 14 CFR 61.315(a); 14 C.F.R. 91.7

(a);14 C.F.R. 91.9 (b) (D; A C.F.R. 91.103(b); 14 C.F.R. 91.109; 14 C.F.R. 9r.tt9; t4
C.F.R. 9r.l2t;14 C.F.R. 91.151(a); 14 C.F.R. 91.203(a) md (b); 14 C.F.R. 91.405 (a);

14 C.F.R. 91.407 (a) (1); 14 C.F.R. 9r.409 (a) (2); 14 C.F.R. et.4a9 @) (2) and 14 C.F.R.
91.417 (a) & (b) for the purpose of conducting (1) commercial and industrial aerial
imaging; (2) aerial
                          for data collection; (3) aerial photogrammetry, inspection

and analysis; and (4) bridge, tower and structure inspections in pre-planned, contolled

access property, private and public rueas coflrmercially utilizing a small unmanned

vehicle (55lbs or less).

                          Page 1l of12
Sincerely,

Counsel for Silverhawk L.L.C. d/b/a Silverhawk Aerial hagrng

Silverhawk L.L.C. d/b/a Silverhawk Aerial Imaging

Attachments: Appendix A - DJI Phantom 2 Vision Plus Users Manual
                         -
            Appendix  B     Smart Flight Battery Safety Guidelines      vl.l
            Appendix  C  *  Phantom 2 Vision Plus Pilot Training Guide

            Appendix D - DJI Inspire 1 User Manual (EN) v1.0

            Appendix E - DJI Inspire I Safety Guidelines v1.0

            Appendix F - lnspire 1 Maintenance Manual Vl.0

            Appendix G - Inspire 1 Quick Start Guide

                            Page 12 of 12
