June 15, 2015

                                                      Exemption No. 11191A
                                                      Regulatory Docket No. FAA-2014-0915

Mr. Mike Singer
Singer's Creations
4075 Linglestown Road, PMB #333
Harrisburg, PA 17112

Dear Mr. Singer:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your petition to amend Exemption No.
11191. It explains the basis for our decision, describes its effect, and lists the revised
conditions and limitations.

By letter dated March 17, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of Singer's Creations (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an amendment to
Exemption No. 11191. That exemption from §§ 61.113(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121,
91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b) of Title 14,
Code of Federal Regulations (14 CFR) allows the petitioner to conduct aerial photography
and videography for homeowners, realtors, home builders, home contractors, and/or home
inspectors for use in real estate marketing and inspections of home exteriors. You requested
an amendment to modify Condition no. 16 (pilot in command certification), Condition no. 6
(visual observer), Condition no. 25 (Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA)).

In your petition, you indicate that there has been no change in the conditions and reasons
relative to public interest and safety that were the basis for granting the original exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested amendment to the exemption would not set a
precedent, and any delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner. The
unmanned aircraft(s) authorized in the original grant is comparable in type, size, weight,
speed and operating capabilities to those in this petition.
                                                                                                                  2

The Basis for Our Decision

The FAA has updated the conditions and limitations since the petitioner's initial grant of
exemption to those found in Exemption No. 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (Docket No. FAA-
2014-0642). Also in Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0352), 11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to
VDOS Global, LLC (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), the FAA found that the enhanced
safety achieved using an unmanned aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the
petitioner and carrying no passengers or crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly
greater proportions, carrying crew in addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to
find that the UAS operation enabled by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an amendment to an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A partial grant of an amendment is in the public interest.

The petitioner should note that its entire request has not been granted. Specifically:
     Condition no. 13 below describes the current requirements for PIC certification.
         Those pilot certification requirements apply to anyone controlling the unmanned
         aircraft during flights pertinent to this exemption. See Grant of Exemption No. 11213
         to Aeryon Labs, Inc. for the pilot certification analysis.
     The requirement to utilize a visual observer (VO) remains in effect. One of the
         determinations for operations under section 333 is operation within visual line of sight
         (VLOS). The PIC must maintain VLOS while operating the UA. The VO
         complements the PIC's capability to see and avoid other aircraft, including when the
         PIC may be momentarily attending to other flying tasks. The VO provides an
         additional level of operational safety.
     The requirement that all operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-
         issued Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA) remains in effect. The majority
         of current UAS operations occurring in the National Air Space (NAS) are being
         coordinated through Air Traffic Control by the issuance of a COA. The COA helps to
         minimize potential impact to the NAS. This process not only makes local ATC
         facilities aware of UAS operations, but also provides ATC the ability to consider
         airspace issues that are unique to UAS operations. Furthermore, the COA requires the
         operator to request a NOTAM, which is the mechanism for alerting other users of the
         NAS to the UAS activities being conducted.

Our Decision

The FAA has determined that the justification for the issuance of Exemption No. 11191
remains valid with respect to this exemption and is in the public interest. Therefore, under the
                                                                                                                  3

authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701, delegated to me by the
Administrator, Singer's Creations is granted an amendment to its exemption from 14 CFR §§
61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121,
91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to the
extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

The conditions and limitations within Grant of Exemption No. 11191 have been superseded,
and are amended as follows.

In this grant of exemption, Singer's Creations is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom 2
         Vision + when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations
         of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are not
         permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
         must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
                                                                                                4

duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g. replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g. inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.
                                                                                                              5

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.
                                                                                                              6

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating. These
    documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
    a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
         from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
         that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
         where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
         the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
         of nonparticipating persons; and
    b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
         for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
         the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not present
         an undue hazard.

    The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
    nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
                                                                                               7

to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
    as documented in this grant of exemption.

30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
    exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
    District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
    notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
    must include at least the following:
    a. Dates and times for all flights;
    b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
         under this grant of exemption;
    c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
         the UAS;
    d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
    e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
    f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners and/or
         local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those who gave
         permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
   g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
   h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
         town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
         essential to accomplish the operation.

31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons

    consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
    exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                     8

This exemption terminates on March 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service
                                                                                                                ··

Singer's Creations                      Zui5 ;.:·.q ~)o                    " ,:. 1l·,
4075 Linglestown Road                                             ····· J
PMB #333                                                                   .1--\ ti· ,.
Harrisburg, PA 17112
717-576-2707
mike@singerscreations.com

March 17, 2015

U.S. Department of Transportation, Docket Operations
West Building Ground Floor, Room W12-140
1200 New Jersey Avenue, SE

                                         .I

Washington, DC 20590

Re: Application for Amendment to Exemption 11191, Singer's Creations Regulatory Docket
No. FAA-2014-Q915

    Dear Sir or Madam:

 Onr~ar~h 3.,.:~~~~-·.th'~:·FAA :i~s~~xe~pti6n':1~·19.1:(~er~i-~a~~~-r!~~~e~~ti~n·~~;-.t~'Singer's

    Creation's; allowing comm~rciaJ:oper"ations Of-it{StJA uiide'(Section' 3'33 of-the'FA'A' ,,
    M'oClen1ization··aii"d Reform Act of. 2012: Singer's·Creations:is re<fuesting·that'the exemption
    be amended since some of the requirements imposed by the FAA are (1) not required in

   orde·r to pr~vide ~ level of s·afety that is equal to the safety provided by existing rules, (2)

    create a dangerous situation that greatly reduces the safety provided by existing rules, (3)
    create an unnecessary burden that is detrimental to Singer's Creations' operations, and/or
    (4) are not in the public interest.

__ S_ingeL._s_Cr.eati_o_l}_s iss~qu_esting th.at th~.FAAji..!Jlend the exe.mgtio.n...!;>_y_r:_emo_vLng_andLo.r__ --~~
    modifYfng· the following requirements: (1) the require'me.nt for the PIC to hoid a pri.vate pilot
    certificate, (2) the requirement for a visual observer (VO) to be used in all UAS operations,
    and (3) the requirement to obtain a Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA) prior to
    conducting any operations.

Private P_ilot Cert!ficate Require~ent                                                   '· l           'I
                                                                                              '
           .. . --~· "" - ..

Siri'ger''s'Cre.atfo'ns requests thadhef'exemption be amended tora'llovit. operations without 'a·

phvate;pilot.certifi-·cafe. Per 49 ·lJSC § :447i'l, ·Singe·r· s' Cre'a'tion·s~may ·not ser:'ve:in ariy

a'n·arrmaricapacity ·as an ail:'ma·n:with' respecffo·a ·Civil :aifcr:aft in"air· c·o·mmerce withoUt     1- :.-

certif~ca~e author~zing the airman to serve in the capacity for which the certificate was
issued. The FAA does not possess the authority to exempt Singer's Creations from this
statutory requirement. However, the FAA has been tasked with deciding which airman
certificate authorizes the airman to serve in the capacity for which the certificate was
issued. In the approved exemption, the FAA determined that a private pilot certificate is the
airman certificate that was issued for the intended operation-- using an unmanned aircraft
system (UAS) to conduct aerial photography and videography for homeowners, realtors,
home builders, home contractors, and/or home inspectors for real estate marketing and
inspections of home exteriors.

On February 15, 2015 (16 days prior to when the exemption was approved}, the FAA
announced new proposed rules for SUAS1. In that document, the FAA stated the following:

       --"In addition to obtaining an aii·worttliness certifiC-ate, an{person servingas-an - - -
          airman in the operation of a small UAS must obtain an airman certificate. 49 U.S.C.
          44711(a)(2)(A). The statute defines an "airman" to include an individual who is "in
          command, or as pilot, mechanic, or member of the crew, who navigates aircraft
          when under way." 49 U.S.C. 40102(a}(8)(A). Because the person operating the small
          UAS is in command and is a member of the crew who navigates the aircraft, that
          person is an airman and must obtain an airman certificate.

          Under current pilot certification regulations, depending on the type of operation, the
          operator of the small UAS currently must obtain either a private pilot certificate or a
          commercial pilot certificate. A private pilot certificate cannot be used to operate a
          small UAS for compensation or hire unless the flight is only incidental to the
          operator's business or employment. Typically, to obtain a private pilot certificate,
          the small UAS operator currently has to: {1) Receive training in specific aeronautical
          knowledge areas; (2) receive training from an authorized instructor on specific areas
          of aircraft operation; {3) obtain a minimum of 40 hours of flight experience; and (4)
    - obtain~a-third-dass-airman-medic;al-c::ertific;ate:-Gonversely1 holding-at-least-a
          commercial pilot certificate allows the small UAS to generally be used for
          compensation or hire, but is more difficult to obtain. In addition to the requirements
          necessary to obtain a private pilot certificate, applicants for a commercial pilot
          certificate currently need to also obtain 250 hours of flight time, satisfy extensive
          testing requirements, and obtain a second-class airman medical certificate.

          While these airman certification requirements are necessary for manned aircraft
          operations, they impose an unnecessary burden for many small UAS operations. This
          is because a person typically obtains a private or commercial pilot certificate by

1 http://www.gpo.gov/fdsys/p kg/F R-2015-02-23/pdf/2015-03544.pdf
--~--~---~--------------,-----------------~

                              learning how to operate a manned aircraft. Much of that knowledge would not be
                              applicable to small UAS operations because a small UAS is operated differently than
                              a manned aircraft. In addition, the knowledge currently necessary to obtain a private
                              or commercial pilot certificate would not equip the certificate holder with the tools
                              necessary to safely operate a small UAS. Specifically, applicants for a private or
                              commercial pilot certificate currently are not trained in how to deal with the "see-
                              and-avoid" and loss-of-positive-control safety issues that are unique to small
                              unmanned aircraft. Thus, requiring persons wishing to operate a small UAS to obtain
                              a private or commercial pilot certificate imposes the cost of certification on those
                              persons, but does not result in a significant safety benefit because the process of
                              obtaining the certificate does not equip those persons with the tools necessary to
                              mitigate the"public~r:isk-posed by-smaii-UAS-operations~!' - - - -~--

                    In addition to the FAA's recent findings, Singer's Creations believes requiring a private pilot
                    certificate is not in the public interest because (1) the expenses incurred by obtaining a
                    private pilot license and maintaining it will have to be passed on to Singer's Creations'
                    customers, (2) flying manned aircraft is harmful to the environment, (3) flying manned
                    aircraft poses a higher risk to people, property, and other aircraft than flying UAS, and (4)
                    since Singer's Creations has no interest in flying manned aircraft, the bare minimum will be
                    done in order to satisfy the requirement of obtaining and maintaining a private pilot
                    certificate. Pilots whom are not deeply invested in flying manned aircraft pose a much
                    greater risk to people, property, and other aircraft.

                    Since 49 USC§ 44711 requires an airman certificate authorizing the airman to serve in the
                    capacity for which it was issued, requiring a private pilot certificate does not satisfy this
                    statutory requirement. This is evident since the FAA stated that obtaining a private pilot
                    certificate for the purpose of operating a UAS (1) does not result in a significant safety
                    benefit, (2) does not equip those persons with the tools necessary to mitigate the public
                    risl< posed~oysniaWO:L\S operati~anao-(3') mucnoftliafl<i1owleage woula noCoe
                    applicable to small UAS operations because a small UAS is operated differently than a
                    manned aircraft. Furthermore, Singer's Creations believes requiring a private pilot
                    certificate will (1) create an unnecessary burden that is detrimental to Singer's Creations'
                    operations, (2) will not increase the level of safety, (3) will introduce dangerous situations
                    that pose a much higher risk to people, property, and other aircraft, and (4) is not in the
                    public interest. Furthermore, the FAA does not require a private pilot certificate for non-
                   commercial operations that perform the same flights, so removing this requirement will still
                   allow Singer's Creations to operate within a level of safety that is equal to the level of safety
                   provided by existing rules. For those reasons, Singer's Creations would like this requirement
                   to be removed from the exemption and for the FAA to require a certificate that allows the
                    airman to serve in the capacity for which it was issued so that Singer's Creations is able to
                    satisfy the statutory requirement in 49 USC§ 44711.

                    Visual Observer Requirement

                    Singer's Creations requests that the exemption be amended to allow Singer's Creations to
                    operate without aVO. Singer's Creations feels this requirement is not necessary for its
                    proposed operations since (1) operations will always be conducted on private property, (2)
                    operations will always be conducted in areas that are clear of~ people not involved in the
                    operations, (3) the PIC will maintain VLOS at all times, and (4) requiring an additional staff
                    member will burden Singer's Creations and is not in the public interest since it will add
                    additional costs to the operations. Furthermore, the FAA does not require a VO for non-
                - commercial operations- thatperforni-tiiesame fiig-hts,-so removing t~Ts recfuiremen·t wi!r"stiil
                    allow Singer's Creations to operate within a level of safety that is equal to the level of safety
                    provided by existing rul~s. For those reasons, Singer's Creations would like this requirement

                                                                               l

                    to be removed from the exemption.

                    Certificate of Waiver or Authorization Requirement

                    Lastly, Singer's Creations requests that the exemption be amended to allow Singer's
                    Creations to operate without a COA in Class G airspace, at 400 feet AGL or below, and at
                    least five nautical miles from the geographic center of an airport unless a letter of
                    agreement with the airport's management is obtained. The FAA does not require a COA for
                    non-commercial operations in Class G airspace that perform the same flights, so removing
                    this requirement will still allow Singer's Creations to operate within a level of safety that is
                    equal to the level of safety provided by existing rules. Furthermore, this requirement
                    creates an unnecessary burden that is detrimental to Singer's Creations' operations since
                    most operations will take place in Class G airspace, at 400 feet AGL or below, and at least
_______five nautical mile~n:!_ th~ _g~g@R~ic ce~_ter Qf -'m}irQort. F_~pse reason~. Sing~e'-r'.;;:.s~~--.,.-..~
                    Creations would like the exemption to be amended so aCOA is only required when not
                    operating in Class G airspace.

                    If you have any questions, please contact me at your earliest convenience.

                    Sincerely,

                   Mike Singer
                   Founder, Singer's Creations
