September 11, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12829
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­1974

Mr. Mark C. Pope
Site Safety Solutions LLC
P.O. Box 1367
Hayesville, NC .28904

Dear Mr. Pope:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated May 13, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of Site Safety Solutions LLC (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption. The
petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct aerial
inspection.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner. The FAA received two
individual comments in opposition to the petition. The petitioner addressed the concerns
raised by the commenters. In granting this exemption, the FAA has determined that the
proposed operations can safely be conducted under the conditions and limitations of this
exemption. As with exemptions issued to Aeryon Lab, Astraeus Aerial, Clayco, Inc., and
VDOS Global, LLC, failure to comply with the document's conditions and limitations is
grounds for immediate suspension or rescission of the exemption.
                                                                                                                 2

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is an Aibot X6.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                                 3

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Site Safety Solutions LLC is granted an exemption
from 14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a),
91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a)
and (b), to the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data
collection. This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Site Safety Solutions LLC is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the Aibot X6 when
    weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any other
    aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
    not permitted.

3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
    exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
    compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
    airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
    aircraft manufacturer.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.

    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
    electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
    must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
                                                                                            4

duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.
                                                                                                            5

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
                                                                                                            6

    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

    The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
    nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.
                                                                                                                 7

    28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
         boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
         to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
         reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
         contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

 If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
 television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                                                 8

This exemption terminates on September 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,
/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
                         Site Safety Solutions LLC

                                A Leader in Inspection and Safety Services Since 1989

                 {OASIS Corp.} Optical Aerial Survey Inspection Services

                                         US Federal Contractor since 1995 Hayesville, North Carolina

May 13, 2015

U. S. Department of Transportation
Docket Management System
1200 New Jersey Ave., SE
Washington, DC 20590

Re: The Exemption Request Section 333 of the FAA Reform Act and Part 11 of the
Federal Aviation Regulations from 14 CFR Part 21, Subpart H; 14 CFR §
91.203(a)(1);14 CFR Part 27: 14 CFR §§ 91.9(c), 45.23(b) and 45.27(a);14 CFR § 61.113
(a) & (b);14 CFR § 91.7(a); 91.9(b)(2); 91.103; 91.109(a); 91.119; 91.121; 91.151(a);
91.203 (a) & (b); 91.405(a); 91.407(a)(1); 91.409(a)(2); 91.417 (a) & (b)

Sirs:

Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 ("Reform
Act") and 14 CFR Part 11, Site Safety Solutions, LLC and OASIS Corp. ("Petitioner"), a
Infrastructure and Utility aerial inspection service company performs telecommunications
and utility super structure inspections, construction and maintenance services, hereby
applies for an exemption from Federal Aviation Regulations ("FARs") identified below,
to allow commercial operation of small unmanned aerial systems ("sUAS") so long as
such operations are conducted within and under the conditions outlined herein or as may
be established by the FAA as required by Section 333.1

This exemption is in accordance with protocols outlined in this petition for exemption,
protocols defined in the following proprietary and confidential documents:

Exhibit A - Site Safety Solutions LLC and OASIS Corp Air Operations of the Aibotix
Aibot X6 sUAS Safety Risk Management Document (SRMD);
Exhibit B ­ Site Safety Solutions LLC and OASIS Corp. Standard Operating Procedures
(SOP)
Exhibit C - Aibot X6-V2 Manual containing Flight and Maintenance Information;
Exhibit D ­ Site Safety Solutions LLC and OASIS Corp. Safety Program; and any other
requirements established by the FAA pursuant to Section 333 of the Reform Act.2

1 The conditions proposed by the applicant are drawn from Order 8900.1 CHG 0, Volume 3
2 Petitioner submits Exhibits A-D, its Manuals, as a Confidential documents under 14 CFR § 11.35(b), as the
Manuals contain confidential commercial and proprietary information that the Petitioner has not and will
not share with others. The Manuals contain operating conditions and procedures that are not available to
the public and are protected from release under the Freedom of informationAct5U.S.C.§552et.seq.

                                            PO BOX 1367
                                       Hayesville, NC 28904
                           Email: mpope@site-safety-solutions.com
                                       Cellular: 850.712.6244
                   Site Safety Solutions LLC

                   A Leader in Inspection and Safety Services Since 1989

        {OASIS Corp.} Optical Aerial Survey Inspection Services

                        US Federal Contractor since 1995 Hayesville, North Carolina

This petition is organized as follows:

    I.  Petitioner's Description
   II.  Relevant Statutory Authority
  III.  Qualification for Approval Under Section 333 of the Reform Act
  IV.   Description of Proposed Operations
   V.   Regulations From Which Exemption is Requested
        A. 14 CFR Part 21, Subpart H-Airworthiness Certificates & 14 CFR § 91.203(a)
  VI.
VII.        (1).
VIII.   B. 14 CFR Part 27: Airworthiness Standards: Normal Category Rotorcraft.
  IX.   C. Aircraft Marking and Identification Requirements: 14 CFR §§ 91.9(c),

            45.23(b) and 45.27(a).
        D. 14 CFR § 61.113 (a) & (b): Private Pilot Privileges and Limitations: Pilot in

            Command.
        E. 14 CFR § 91.7(a): Civil Aircraft Airworthiness.
        F. 14 CFR § 91.9(b) (2): Civil Aircraft Flight Manual in the Aircraft.
        G. 14 CFR § 91.103: Preflight Action.
        H. 14 CFR § 91.109(a): Flight Instruction.
        I. 14 CFR § 91.119: Minimum Safe Altitudes.
        J. 14 CFR § 91.121 Altimeter Settings.
        K. 14 CFR § 91.151(a): Fuel Requirements for Flight in VFR Conditions.
        L. 14 CFR § 91.203 (a) & (b): Carrying Civil Aircraft Certification and

            Registration.
        M. 14 CFR §§ 91.405(a); 91.407(a)(1); 91.409(a)(2); 91.417 (a) & (b):

            Maintenance Inspections
        Public Interest
        Privacy
        Federal Register Summary
        Conclusion

                         PO BOX 1367
                    Hayesville, NC 28904
        Email: mpope@site-safety-solutions.com
                    Cellular: 850.712.6244
                         Site Safety Solutions LLC

                                A Leader in Inspection and Safety Services Since 1989

                 {OASIS Corp.} Optical Aerial Survey Inspection Services

                                         US Federal Contractor since 1995 Hayesville, North Carolina

  I. Petitioner's Description

Petitioner is supported by Aibotix the manufacturer of the Aibot X6 a small Unmanned
Aircraft System (sUAS) that is a lightweight, six bladed multi-rotor, vertical take-off and
landing (VTOL) sUAS specifically designed for safety and ease of operation.

The principals of Site Safety Solutions and OASIS Corp. have been in the business of
telecommunications and utility structure inspection, construction and maintenance
business for 25+ years for the parent company Site Safety Solutions in Florida and North
Carolina. Through that experience, the principals have developed a strong safety culture.
The principal owner of the companies has over 25 years of Senior Level OSHA, NIOSH,
ANSI inspector. Certifications include being a Certified Safety Professional and Certified
Hazard Safety Technician. The owner Mr. Mark C. Pope has completed over 75 different
contracts within CONUS and OCONUS for some of the largest Heavy Construction and
Erectors in the Telecommunications and Infrastructure companies in the world. He has
coordinated EHS solutions for Naval Facilities Command along with the US Army Corp
of Engineers and the US Air Force. His level of expertise has included him in the Top
250 Safety Engineers in the US along with reaching many milestones and
accomplishments with the Federal Contracting world. Mr. Pope's leadership is hands-on
in directing and developing all Safety Programs within both of his companies and as CEO
his leadership has impacted many different companies in their development of Risk
Management and Loss Control Programs.

To further enhance its aviation safety competence, the petitioner engaged JDA Aviation
Technology Solutions (JDA) and CCLD Technologies out of Georgia to provide aviation
safety, certification and compliance expertise and to assist them implement a Safety
Management Systems (SMS).

As a precursor to the intended Site Safety Solutions LLC and OASIS Corp. Air operation,
a Safety Risk Assessment (SRA) was completed and recorded in Exhibit A the Safety
Risk Management Document (SRMD). The SRMD assessed and mitigated potential risks
of the Aibot X6 operations in precise confines of the tower structures that will be
inspected. The SRMD will also serve as the baseline for the SMS and help ensure that the
operations of the petitioner will comply with rigorous safety operation standards and
procedures.

Currently, inspection, construction and maintenance of telecommunication and utility
structures require employees to climb structures or towers. Tower climbs involve the
largest risk to personnel safety to Site Safety Solutions LLC and OASIS Corp. Air
personnel. On average since 2003, there have been 10 wireless telecom tower fatalities
per year in the US. There have been now 13 fatalities to in 2014. Site Safety Solutions
LLC and OASIS Corp. will utilize sUAS technology to reduce risks to all personnel and
eliminate the need for any employee to perform a visual inspection's of: commercial
construction sites, telecommunication platforms / towers, oil and gas industry facilities to
include flare stacks and any structure AGL, perform Search and Rescue operations in the
Southeast US, perform rooftop loss control surveys and inspections for insurance
agencies, FEMA support during Disaster Declarations, Pipeline Inspections and Surveys,

                                            PO BOX 1367
                                       Hayesville, NC 28904
                           Email: mpope@site-safety-solutions.com
                                       Cellular: 850.712.6244
                         Site Safety Solutions LLC

                                A Leader in Inspection and Safety Services Since 1989

                 {OASIS Corp.} Optical Aerial Survey Inspection Services

                                         US Federal Contractor since 1995 Hayesville, North Carolina

Aerial Videography for movie industry in USA, DOT related Inspections, Drug
Interdiction Surveys for Federal-State -Local Law Enforcement Agencies, Survey /
Inspection for Power Generation and Distribution Companies for infrastructure and
power-line rights-of-ways. By utilizing our established SOP's the Aibot X6 can pre-
inspect the structure and determine if a climb is necessary and second to identify hazards
to be mitigated before climbing.

It is the ultimate intention of company to eliminate all future falls/injuries or deaths that
have continuously occurred in the industry and partner with the telecommunications
industry and

Provide safer means of inspection and control thusly improving business relationships
and avoidance of catastrophic incidents.

The petitioner intends the sUAS Pilot in Command (PIC) to have either a private pilot
license (PPL) or an Unmanned Aircraft System (UAS) certificate (when it is available).
They also intend to use a Certified Site Safety and Health Officer (SSHO) to act as an on-
site observer for each mission. Both the PIC and the SSHO will hold Class II medicals
and have unique training specific to Site Safety Solutions LLC and OASIS Corp. Aibot
X6 operations.

Consistent with the requirements of 14 CFR § 11.81(a), Petitioner provides the following
information in support of its petition for exemption:

The name and address of the Petitioner is:

         Mr. Mark C. Pope, President / Owner
         Site Safety Solutions, LLC / OASIS Corp.
         PO BOX 1367
         Hayesville, NC 28904-137
         850.712.6244

 II. Relevant Statutory Authority

This petition for exemption is submitted to fulfill Congress' goal in passing Section
333(a) through (c) of the Reform Act. In the Reform Act, Congress directed the FAA "to
safely accelerate the integration of civil unmanned aircraft systems into the national
airspace system" and, under Section 333 of that law, directed the Secretary of
Transportation ("FAA Administrator") to consider whether certain unmanned aircraft
systems may operate safely in the National Airspace System ("NAS") before completion
of the rulemaking required under Section 332 of the Reform Act.

In making this determination, the Secretary shall determine, at a minimum:

(1) which types of unmanned aircraft systems, if any, as a result of their size, weight,
    speed, and operational capability, proximity to airports and populated areas; and
    operation within visual line of sight do not create a hazard to users of the national
    airspace system or the public or pose a threat to national security; and
                                            PO BOX 1367
                                       Hayesville, NC 28904
                           Email: mpope@site-safety-solutions.com
                                       Cellular: 850.712.6244
                         Site Safety Solutions LLC

                                A Leader in Inspection and Safety Services Since 1989

                 {OASIS Corp.} Optical Aerial Survey Inspection Services

                                         US Federal Contractor since 1995 Hayesville, North Carolina

(2) Whether a certificate of waiver, certificate of authorization, or airworthiness
    certification under section 44704 of title 49, United States Code is required for the
    operation of unmanned aircraft systems identified under paragraph (1).

If the Secretary determines that such vehicles "may operate safely in the National
Airspace System, the Secretary shall establish requirements for the safe operation of such
aircraft in the National Airspace System" (Emphasis added).3

In addition, the FAA Administrator has general authority to grant exemptions from its
safety regulations and minimum standards when the Administrator decides a requested
exemption is in the public interest. See 49 U.S.C. § 44701(f) (authorizing the grant of
exemptions from a requirement of regulations prescribed pursuant to section 44701(a)-(b)
and sections 44702-44716). A party requesting an exemption must explain the reasons
why the exemption: (1) would benefit the public as a whole, and; (2) would not adversely
affect safety (or how it would provide a level of safety at least equal to the existing rules).
See 14 CFR § 11.81; FAA, Petition for Exemptions.

Site Safety Solutions LLC and OASIS Corp. will utilize the Aibot X6 aircraft, maximum
takeoff weight of 13.22 pounds with payload (well below the upper limit of 55 or fewer
lbs. including payload). This aircraft will operate, under normal conditions at a speed of
no more than 22 Knots Indicated Air Speed (KIAS) and have the capability to hover, and
move in the vertical and horizontal plane simultaneously. It will operate only in line of
sight of the PIC and SO and will operate only within the sterile area defined by 100'
radius surrounding the telecommunications or utility structure and under 400' AGL. The
sterile area confines the aircraft to airspace that is not currently navigable by manned
aircraft per 14 CFR 91.119. Such operations will insure that the sUAS will "not create a
hazard to users of the NAS or the public."4

Given the small size of the Aibot X6 and the restricted sterile environment within which
it will operate, the petitioner falls squarely within the zone of safety (an equivalent level
of safety) in which Congress envisioned that the FAA must, by exemption, allow
commercial operations of UASs to commence immediately. Also due to the size of the
UASs and the restricted areas in which the relevant Aibot X6 sUAS will operate,
approval of the application presents no national security issue.

Given the clear direction in Section 333 of the Reform Act, the authority contained in the
Federal Aviation Act, as amended; the strong equivalent level of safety surrounding the
proposed operations and the significant public benefit of dramatically increased safety of
aviation versus non-aviation inspection services associated with allowing sUAS
technology to support Site Safety Solutions LLC and OASIS Corp. operations, the grant
of the requested exemptions is in the public interest. Accordingly, the petitioner
respectfully requests that the FAA grant the requested exemption without delay.

3 Section 333 places the duty on the Administrator, inter alia, to craft conditions for the safe operation of
the UAS, if it should be determined that the conditions set forth herein do not fulfill the statutory
requirements for approval.

                                            PO BOX 1367
                                       Hayesville, NC 28904
                           Email: mpope@site-safety-solutions.com
                                       Cellular: 850.712.6244
                         Site Safety Solutions LLC

                                A Leader in Inspection and Safety Services Since 1989

                 {OASIS Corp.} Optical Aerial Survey Inspection Services

                                         US Federal Contractor since 1995 Hayesville, North Carolina

III. Qualification for Approval under Section 333 of the Reform Act

     The proposed operations in this petition for exemption qualify for expedited
         approval under Section 333 of the Reform Act. Each of the statutory criterial and
         other potentially relevant factors are satisfied.

     The proposed operations would permit the use of small and relatively inexpensive
         UAS under controlled conditions in airspace that is: (1) limited; (2)
         predetermined; (3) strictly

     Controlled as to access, and; (4) would provide an increased level of safety
         beyond that existing

     When Site Safety Solutions LLC and OASIS Corp. Air personnel are used to
         accomplish the same purpose.

Petitioner's sUAS is a four or six bladed multi-rotor, vertical takeoff and landing (VTOL)
aircraft, weighting 13.22 or fewer pounds including payload specifically designed for
safety and maximum ease of operation. It operates, under normal conditions, at a speed of
no more than 22 KIAS and has the capability to hover, and move in the vertical and
horizontal plane simultaneously.

Petitioner's Aibot X6 sUAS will operate in line-of-sight of the PIC and SSHO and will
operate only within a sterile area surrounding objects that are current obstructions to
navigable airspace for manned aircraft. Such operations will ensure that the Aibot X6
sUAS will "not create a hazard to users of the National Airspace System or the public."
Given the small size of the sUAS involved and the restricted sterile flight operation
environment, this petition for exemption falls squarely within the zone of safety i.e., an
equivalent level of safety, in which Congress envisioned that the FAA must, by
exemption, allow commercial operations of UASs to commence immediately. Also, due
to the size of the UASs and the restricted areas in which the sUAS will operate, approval
of the application presents no national security issue.

Considering the clear direction in Section 333 of the Reform Act, the authority contained
in the Federal Aviation Act, as amended, the equivalent level of safety surrounding the
proposed operations, and the significant public benefit, including enhanced safety,
reduction in environmental impacts, including reduced emissions associated with
allowing UASs for the proposed operations, the grant of the requested exemptions is also
in the public interest.

Accordingly, Petitioner respectfully requests that the FAA grant the requested exemption
without delay.

                                            PO BOX 1367
                                       Hayesville, NC 28904
                           Email: mpope@site-safety-solutions.com
                                       Cellular: 850.712.6244
                         Site Safety Solutions LLC

                                A Leader in Inspection and Safety Services Since 1989

                 {OASIS Corp.} Optical Aerial Survey Inspection Services

                                         US Federal Contractor since 1995 Hayesville, North Carolina

IV. Description of Proposed Operations

The Exhibit B Standard Operating Procedures (SOP) describes the policies and
procedures for Petitioner's proposed Aibot X6 sUAS operations. To assist the FAA in its
safety assessment of Petitioner's proposed Aibot X6 sUAS operations, below is a
summary of operational limitations and conditions which will ensure an equivalent or
higher level of safety to operations conducted under current regulatory guidelines:

    1. The Aibot X6 sUAS weighs less than 13.22 lbs.

    2. Flights will be operated within line-of-sight of the PIC and SSHO.

    3. Maximum total flight time for each operational flight will be 30 minutes. Flights
         will be terminated at 27% battery power reserve should that occur prior to the 30
         minute limit.

    4. Flights will be operated at an altitude of no more than 400' feet above ground
         level ("AGL").

    5. Minimum crew for each operation will consist of the Aibot X6 sUAS PIC and an
         SSHO.

    6. The PIC will be an FAA licensed airman with a private pilot's certificate or UAS
         certificate (when the FAA issues the criteria and procedures for a UAS license)
         and a second class medical certificate.

    7. The Aibot X6 sUAS pilot will be the PIC. If a pilot certificate holder other than
         the Aibot X6 sUAS Pilot is present and possesses the necessary PIC
         qualifications, that person can also be designated as PIC.

    8. The Aibot X6 sUAS will only operate within a confined by geo-fence to a sterile
         area defined by 100' radius surrounding the telecommunications or utility
         structure and under 400'' AGL.

    9. A pre-flight briefing, in accordance with the SOP (Exhibit B proprietary and
         confidential material) will be conducted in regard to the planned Aibot X6 sUAS
         operations prior to each flight mission. It will be mandatory that all personnel who
         will be performing duties within the boundaries of the safety perimeter be present
         for the flight briefing.

    10. Notification of flight operations to the FAA will be consistent with the Certificate
         of Authorization (COA) requirements. Petitioner will notify air traffic control or
         airport management at non-towered airports prior to operating within 5 miles of
         an airport.

                                            PO BOX 1367
                                       Hayesville, NC 28904
                           Email: mpope@site-safety-solutions.com
                                       Cellular: 850.712.6244
                         Site Safety Solutions LLC

                                A Leader in Inspection and Safety Services Since 1989

                 {OASIS Corp.} Optical Aerial Survey Inspection Services

                                         US Federal Contractor since 1995 Hayesville, North Carolina

    11. Site Safety Solutions LLC and OASIS Corp. will obtain consent of the PIC and
         SSHO to be within 30 feet of the flight operation.

    12. The PIC and SSHO will be trained in operation of Aibot X6 sUAS and will have
         received up-to-date maintenance and flight log information on the particular Aibot
         X6 sUAS to be operated, as required in Section 3 of the Site Safety Solutions
         LLC and OASIS Corp. Air Standard Operating Procedure.

    13. The PIC and SSHO will at all times be able to communicate by voice and/or text.

    14. Written and/or oral permission from the relevant property holders will be
         obtained.

    15. All required permissions and permits will be obtained from territorial, state,
         county or city jurisdictions, including local law enforcement, fire, or other
         appropriate governmental agencies.

    16. If the Aibot X6 sUAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the Aibot X6
         sUAS is equipped with advanced safety features that will allow the Aibot X6
         sUAS to automatically return to the launch location within the geo-fence
         perimeter.

    17. The Aibot X6 sUAS will have the capability to abort a flight in case of
         unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

 V. Petitioner Requests Exemption from the Following Regulations

The Federal Aviation Act expressly grants the FAA the authority to issue exemptions. By
its terms, this statutory authority includes exempting civil aircraft, as the term is defined
under §40101 of the Act, including sUAS, from its safety regulations and minimum
standards when the Administrator decides a requested exemption is in the public
interest.9

Petitioner seeks an exemption from several interrelated provisions of 14 CFR Parts 21, 45
and 91 for purposes of conducting aerial surveys and inspections using sUAS. Listed
below are: (1) the specific sections of 14 CFR for which exemption is sought; and (2) the
operating procedures and safeguards that Petitioner has established which will ensure a
level of safety equal to or better than the rules from which exemption is sought.

Petitioner acknowledges that some of the below cited requests were addressed in FAA
Order 11062 (Grant of Exemption to Astraeus Aerial, Docket FAA-2014- 0352) and for
which no action was taken by the FAA. The FAA's analysis did, however, recite the
petitioner's information as the basis for the no action; this Petition recites all of the
previous sections for which exemptions were requested therein.

                                            PO BOX 1367
                                       Hayesville, NC 28904
                           Email: mpope@site-safety-solutions.com
                                       Cellular: 850.712.6244
                     Site Safety Solutions LLC

                          A Leader in Inspection and Safety Services Since 1989

            {OASIS Corp.} Optical Aerial Survey Inspection Services

                                   US Federal Contractor since 1995 Hayesville, North Carolina

A. 14 C. F.R. Part 21, Subpart H -Airworthiness Certificates & 14 C. F.R. §
    91.203(a) (1).

This petition seeks an exemption from 14 CFR Part 21, Subpart H, which establishes
the procedural requirements for the issuance of airworthiness certificates as required
by 14 CFR §91.203(a)(1). Given the size, weight, speed and limited,

Obstructed and unpopulated operating area associated with the Aibot X6 sUAS to be
utilized by the Petitioner, an exemption from Part 21 Subpart H meets the
requirements of an equivalent level of safety under Part 11 and Section 333 of the

Reform Act.

The Federal Aviation Act (49 U.S.C.§ 44701(f)) and Section 333 of the Reform Act
both authorize the FAA to exempt aircraft from the requirement for an airworthiness
certificate, upon consideration of the size, weight, speed, operational capability, and
proximity to airports and populated areas of the particular UAS.

The Aibot X6 sUAS to be operated hereunder is less than 13.22 pounds fully loaded,
carries neither a pilot nor passenger, carries no explosive materials or flammable
liquid fuels, and operates exclusively within a sterile area adjacent to structures that
are considered obstructions to manned aircraft. Unlike other civil aircraft, aircraft
operations will be tightly controlled and monitored by the PIC and SSHO pursuant to
the Site Safety Solutions LLC and OASIS Corp. Air SOP requirements and in
compliance with local public safety requirements. Site security for the area of
operation is consistent with existing requirements for maintaining public safety. The
operation has been reviewed by a panel of subject matter experts to identify risks and
safety requirements to mitigate those risks per Exhibit A Site Safety Solutions LLC
and OASIS Corp. Air Aibotix Aibot X6 Operations SRMD.

Equivalent Level of Safety

In all cases, an analysis of these criteria demonstrates that the Aibot X6 sUAS
operated without an airworthiness certificate, in the restricted environment and under
the conditions proposed will be at least as safe, or safer, than a conventional rotorcraft
operating with an airworthiness certificate issued under 14 CFR Part 21, Subpart H.
without the restrictions and conditions of the proposed Aibot X6 sUAS operations.
The same criteria demonstrate that there is no credible threat to national security
posed by the Aibot X6 sUAS, due to its size, speed of operation, location of
operation, lack of explosive materials or flammable liquid fuels and inability to carry
a substantial external load.

                                        PO BOX 1367
                                   Hayesville, NC 28904
                      Email: mpope@site-safety-solutions.com
                                  Cellular: 850.712.6244
                     Site Safety Solutions LLC

                          A Leader in Inspection and Safety Services Since 1989

            {OASIS Corp.} Optical Aerial Survey Inspection Services

                                   US Federal Contractor since 1995 Hayesville, North Carolina

B. 14 C. F.R. Part 27: Airworthiness Standards: Normal Category Rotorcraft.

14 CFR Part 27 sets forth the procedural requirements for airworthiness certification
of normal category rotorcraft. To the extent the Petitioner's Aibot X6 sUAS would
otherwise require certification under Part 27, as a rotorcraft, Petitioner requests an
exemption from Part 27's airworthiness standards for the same reasons identified in
the exemption request from item A. 14 CFR Part 21, Subpart H.

C. 14 C. F.R. §§ 91.9(c), 45.23(b) and 45.27(a). Aircraft Marking and
    Identification Requirements:

This petition seeks an exemption from the aircraft marking and identification
requirements of 14 CFR §§ 91.9(c), 45.23(b) and 45.27(a).

14 CFR § 91.9(c), Civil aircraft flight manual, marking, and placard requirements,
provides that:

    No person may operate a U.S.-registered civil aircraft unless that aircraft is
    identified in accordance with part 45 of this chapter.

14 CFR § 45.23(b), Markings of the Aircraft, states:

    When marks include only the Roman capital letter "N" and the registration
    number is displayed on limited, restricted or light-sport category aircraft or
    experimental or

    provisionally certificated aircraft, the operator must also display on that aircraft
    near each entrance to the cabin, cockpit, or pilot station, in letters not less than 2
    inches nor more than 6 inches high, the words "limited," "restricted," "light-
    sport," "experimental," or "provisional," as applicable.

14 CFR § 45.27(a), Rotorcraft, states:

    Each operator of a rotorcraft must display on that rotorcraft horizontally on both
    surfaces of the cabin, fuselage, boom, or tail the marks required by §45.23.

Exemption from § 45.23(b) is warranted because the Aibot X6 sUAS has no cabin,
cockpit, or pilot station or entrance of any kind on which the word "Experimental"
can be placed. Moreover, given the size of the Aibot X6 sUAS, two-inch lettering
would be impossible. The word "Experimental" will be placed on the fuselage in
compliance with § 45.29(f).

Given the nature of the specific relief sought by this exemption request, Petitioner
requires relief from the associated marking and identification requirements of §
45.27(a) and § 91.9(c), which would require compliance with § 45.23(b).

                                        PO BOX 1367
                                   Hayesville, NC 28904
                      Email: mpope@site-safety-solutions.com
                                  Cellular: 850.712.6244
                     Site Safety Solutions LLC

                          A Leader in Inspection and Safety Services Since 1989

            {OASIS Corp.} Optical Aerial Survey Inspection Services

                                   US Federal Contractor since 1995 Hayesville, North Carolina

Equivalent Level of Safety

An equivalent level of safety for exemptions to the aircraft marking and identification
requirements of §§ 91.9(c), 45.23(b) and 45.27(a), will be provided by having the
sUAS marked on its fuselage as required by §45.29(f) where the pilot, observer, and
others working with the sUAS will see the identification of the UAS as
"Experimental." Additionally, Petitioner will ensure compliance with any requests of
sUAS marking by the FAA.

The FAA has issued the following exemptions to the aircraft marking requirements of
§ 45.23(b): Exemptions Nos. 10700, 8738, 10167 and 10167A.

D. 14 C. F.R. § 61.113 (a) & (b): Private Pilot Privileges and Limitations: Pilot
    in Command.

This petition seeks an exemption from the private pilot privileges and limitations of
§61.113 (a) & (b), which states:

    Private pilot privileges and limitations: Pilot in command.

    (a) Except as provided in paragraphs (b) through (h) of this section, no person
    who holds a private pilot certificate may act as pilot in command of an aircraft
    that is carrying passengers or property for compensation or hire; nor may that
    person, for compensation or hire, act as pilot in command of an aircraft.

    (b) A private pilot may, for compensation or hire, act as pilot in command of an
    aircraft in connection with any business or employment if:

    (1) The flight is only incidental to that business or employment; and

    (2) The aircraft does not carry passengers or property for compensation or hire.
    Private Pilot Privileges and Limitations: Pilot in Command.

Except as provided in paragraphs (b) through (h) of this section, no person who holds
a private pilot certificate may act as pilot in command of an aircraft that is carrying
passengers or property for compensation or hire; nor may that person, for
compensation or hire, act as pilot in command of an aircraft.

A private pilot may, for compensation or hire, act as pilot in command of an aircraft
in connection with any business or employment if:

The flight is only incidental to that business or employment; and the aircraft does not
carry passengers or property for compensation or hire. Section 61.113(a) limits
private pilots to being in command of non-commercial flights. Section 61.113(b) (1)
provides an exception that allows a private pilot to command an aircraft without

                                        PO BOX 1367
                                   Hayesville, NC 28904
                      Email: mpope@site-safety-solutions.com
                                  Cellular: 850.712.6244
                     Site Safety Solutions LLC

                          A Leader in Inspection and Safety Services Since 1989

            {OASIS Corp.} Optical Aerial Survey Inspection Services

                                   US Federal Contractor since 1995 Hayesville, North Carolina

passengers or property, in connection with business or employment if "the flight is
only incidental to that business or employment." That exception likely does not apply
to the proposed operations under this petition for exemption, as the flights are not
incidental to the proposed aerial surveys and inspections but rather essential to it.
Accordingly, this petition seeks an exemption to § 61.113(a)'s commercial limitation
and/or § 61.113(b) (1)'s requirement that the flight be incidental to the business to
benefit from the exception.

Equivalent Level of Safety

As required by the SOP (Exhibit B), Petitioner's Aibot X6 sUAS operators acting as
PIC will hold a private pilot license or UAS pilot certificate (when the FAA issues the
regulations for applying for a UAS pilot certificate) and manufacturers flight training
specific to the Aibot X6. Because the Aibot X6 sUAS will not carry a pilot or
passengers, the proposed operations can achieve the equivalent level of safety to §
61.113 (a) and (b), by requiring the PIC operating the sUAS to have a private pilot
license or UAS certificate and flight training specific to the Aibot X6.

Unlike a conventional aircraft that carries the pilot and passengers, the Aibot X6
sUAS is remotely controlled with no living being on board. Moreover, the area of

operation is controlled and restricted, and all flights are planned and coordinated in
advance as set forth in the Site Safety Solutions LLC and OASIS Corp. SOP.

The level of safety provided by the requirements included in the Site Safety Solutions
LLC and OASIS Corp. SOP exceeds that provided by a single individual holding a
commercial pilot's certificate operating a conventional aircraft in accordance with §
61.113 (a) & (b). The risks associated with the operation of small, lightweight UAS in
an airspace adjacent to obstructions are diminished from the level of risk associated
with commercial operations contemplated by Part 61 when drafted, that allowing the
proposed operations in this petition for exemption with a PIC holding a private pilot
license or UAS pilot certificate exceeds the present level of safety achieved by
§61.113 (a) & (b).

E. 14 C. F.R. § 91.7(a): Civil Aircraft Airworthiness.

This petition seeks an exemption from 14 CFR § 91.7(a), which requires that a civil
aircraft be in an airworthy condition to be operated. Inasmuch there will be no
airworthiness certificate issued for the sUAS, should this exemption be granted, no
FAA regulatory standard will exist for determining airworthiness.

Equivalent Level of Safety

The Aibot X6 sUAS has over 200 commercial operators around the world and a
stellar safety record. Given the size of the sUAS, the requirements contained in the
Exhibit B Site Safety Solutions LLC and OASIS Corp. SOP, Exhibit C Aibot X6
Manual, the training requirements of the PIC and SSHO and use of safety checklists

                                        PO BOX 1367
                                   Hayesville, NC 28904
                      Email: mpope@site-safety-solutions.com
                                  Cellular: 850.712.6244
                     Site Safety Solutions LLC

                          A Leader in Inspection and Safety Services Since 1989

            {OASIS Corp.} Optical Aerial Survey Inspection Services

                                   US Federal Contractor since 1995 Hayesville, North Carolina

prior to each flight, an equivalent level of safety will be provided. The FAA has
issued the following exemptions to this regulation: Exemption Order 11062.

F. 14 C. F.R. § 91.9(b) (2): Civil Aircraft Flight Manual in the Aircraft.

This petition seeks an exemption from the flight manual requirements of 14 CFR §
91.9(b) (2), which states:

    (b) No person may operate a U.S.-registered civil aircraft-
             (2) For which an Airplane or Rotorcraft Flight Manual is not required by
                  §21.5 of this chapter, unless there is available in the aircraft a current
                  approved airplane or Rotorcraft Flight Manual, approved manual
                  material, markings, and placards, or any combination thereof.

Given its size, configuration, and load capacity, the Aibot X6 sUAS has no ability to
carry such a manual on the aircraft, not only because there is no pilot on board, but
because there is simply no room or capacity to carry such an item on the aircraft.

Equivalent Level of Safety

The safety related purpose of this manual requirement can be equally satisfied by
maintaining the Exhibit C Aibot X6 Manual at the ground control point where the
pilot flying the Aibot X6 sUAS will have immediate access to it. Accordingly,
Petitioner requests an exemption from § 91.9(b) (2)'s flight manual requirements, on
the condition that the Aibot X6 sUAS flight manual be available at the control point
during each operation.

The FAA has issued the following exemptions to this regulation: Exemption Order
11062.

G. 14 C. F.R. § 91.103: Preflight Action.

This petition seeks an exemption from § 91.103, which requires a PIC to become
familiar with specific information before each flight, including information contained
in the FAA -approved Flight Manual on board the aircraft. Inasmuch as an FAA
approved flight manual will not be provided for the sUAS, an exemption will be
needed.

Equivalent Level of Safety

An equivalent level of safety will be provided by following the Exhibit C Aibot X6
Manual comprehensive preflight checklist and Exhibit B Site Safety Solutions LLC
and OASIS Corp. Section 3 General Preflight Checklist. The PIC will take all actions,
including reviewing weather and NOTAMs, flight battery requirements, landing and
takeoff distances, and aircraft performance data, before initiation of flight.

                                        PO BOX 1367
                                   Hayesville, NC 28904
                      Email: mpope@site-safety-solutions.com
                                  Cellular: 850.712.6244
                     Site Safety Solutions LLC

                          A Leader in Inspection and Safety Services Since 1989

            {OASIS Corp.} Optical Aerial Survey Inspection Services

                                   US Federal Contractor since 1995 Hayesville, North Carolina

H. 14 C. F.R. § 91.109(a): F light Instruction.

This petition seeks an exemption from 14 CFR § 91.109(a), which provides that:

    (a) No person may operate a civil aircraft (except a manned free balloon) that is
         being used for flight instruction unless that aircraft has fully functioning dual
         controls...

sUASs and remotely piloted aircraft, by their design do not have fully functional dual
controls. Instead, flight control is accomplished through the use of a control box that
communicates with the sUAS via radio communications.

Equivalent Level of Safety

Given the size and speed of the Aibot X6 sUAS, an equivalent level of safe training
can still be performed without dual controls because no pilot or passengers are aboard
the Aibot X6 sUAS, the system is equipped with an automatic come home feature
that can be triggered at any time to respond to unpredicted challenges and all persons

will be a safe distance away should the Aibot X6 sUAS experience any difficulties
during flight instruction. Additionally, the aircraft's light weight and slow speeds
with no pilot or passengers on board create less of a danger to the public than aircraft
equipped with dual controls.

The FAA has approved exemptions for flight training without fully functional dual
controls for a number of aircraft and for flight instruction in experimental aircraft
(See Exemption Nos. 5778K & 9862A) and other sUASs (See FAA Order 11062).

I. 14 C. F.R. § 91.119: Minimum Safe Altitudes.

This petition seeks an exemption from the minimum safe altitude requirements of 14
CFR § 91.119. Section 91.119 prescribes the minimum safe altitudes under which
aircraft may not operate, including 400 feet above the surface and away from any
person, vessel, vehicle, or structure in non-congested areas. See 14 CFR § 91.119(c).
Section § 91.119(d) (1) allows for a helicopter to operate at less than those minimum
altitudes when it can be operated "without hazard to persons or property on the
surface," provided that "each person operating the helicopter complies with any
routes or altitudes specifically prescribed for helicopters by the FAA."

To provide the intended telecommunication and utility structure inspections, the
Aibot X6 sUAS will normally need to be operated within a range of 100 feet laterally
from the structure being inspected and under 400' AGL. Accordingly, due to the
nature of the proposed operations, the PIC and the SSHO will be less than 100 feet
away from structures during the operation, and an exemption is therefore required.

                                        PO BOX 1367
                                   Hayesville, NC 28904
                      Email: mpope@site-safety-solutions.com
                                  Cellular: 850.712.6244
                     Site Safety Solutions LLC

                          A Leader in Inspection and Safety Services Since 1989

            {OASIS Corp.} Optical Aerial Survey Inspection Services

                                   US Federal Contractor since 1995 Hayesville, North Carolina

Equivalent Level of Safety

Compared to flight operations with rotorcraft weighting far more than the maximum
13.22 lbs. proposed herein, and the lack of flammable fuel, any risk associated with
these operations is far less than those presently presented with conventional aircraft.
An equivalent level of safety will be achieved given the size, weight, speed of the
UAS as well as the location where it is operated. As set forth in the Exhibit B Site
Safety Solutions LLC and OASIS Corp. SOP, the Aibot X6 sUAS will be operated in
a geo-fenced sterile area, where buildings and people will not be exposed to
operations without their pre-obtained consent. No flight will be taken without the
permission of the property owner and/or local officials. Because of the advance notice
to the property owner and participants, all affected individuals will be aware of the
planned flight operations as set forth in the SOP. Furthermore, by operating at such
lower altitudes adjacent to obstructions, the Aibot X6 sUAS will not interfere with
other aircraft that are subject to the minimum safe altitude regulations.

J. 14 C. F.R. § 91.121 Altimeter Settings.

This petition seeks an exemption from 14 CFR § 91.121, which requires a person
operating an aircraft to maintain cruising altitude or flight level by reference to an
altimeter that is set to the elevation of the departure airport or barometric pressure. An

exemption is required because the Aibot X6 sUAS does not have a barometric
altimeter, but rather a GPS altitude read out.

Equivalent Level of Safety

An equivalent level of safety will be achieved by following the procedures set forth in
the General Preflight Checklist in Exhibit B Site Safety Solutions LLC and OASIS
Corp. SOP. As prescribed in the SOP, the operator will confirm the altitude of the
launch site shown on the GPS altitude indicator before flight. The flight plan will be
programmed to maintain appropriate altitude above ground and under 400' AGL.

Moreover, the PIC will use the GPS altitude indicator to constantly monitor the Aibot
X6 sUAS's height, thus ensuring operation at safe altitudes.

K. 14 C. F.R. § 91.151(a): Fuel Requirements for Flight in V F R Conditions.

This petition seeks an exemption from 14 CFR § 91.151(a)'s fuel requirements for
flight in VFR conditions. Section 91.151 states:

    (a) No person may begin a flight in an airplane under VFR conditions unless
         (considering wind and forecast weather conditions) there is enough fuel to fly
         to the first point of intended landing and, assuming normal cruising speed-

    (1) During the day, to fly after that for at least 30 minutes; or
    (2) At night, to fly after that for at least 45 minutes.

                                        PO BOX 1367
                                   Hayesville, NC 28904
                      Email: mpope@site-safety-solutions.com
                                  Cellular: 850.712.6244
                     Site Safety Solutions LLC

                          A Leader in Inspection and Safety Services Since 1989

            {OASIS Corp.} Optical Aerial Survey Inspection Services

                                   US Federal Contractor since 1995 Hayesville, North Carolina

The battery powering the Aibot X6 sUAS provides approximately 30 minutes of
powered flight. An exemption from the 30 minute reserve requirement in 14 CFR
§91.151 is therefore required.

Equivalent Level of Safety

An equivalent level of safety can be achieved by limiting flights to 30 minutes or
27% of battery power, whichever happens first. This restriction would be more than
adequate to return the Aibot X6 sUAS to its launch location from anywhere within its
limited operating area. Operation of the Aibot X6 sUAS with less than 30 minutes of
reserve fuel does not engender the type of risks that Section 91.151(a) was intended
to alleviate given the size and speed of the Aibot X6. Moreover, operation will be
limited to controlled areas where only people and property owners, or official
representatives who have signed waivers will be allowed.

This request for exemption falls within the scope of prior exemptions. See e.g.
Exemption Order 11062

L. 14 C. F.R. § 91.203 (a) & (b): Carrying Civil Aircraft Certification and
    Registration.

This petition seeks an exemption from civil aircraft certification and registration
requirements of 14 CFR § 91.203 (a) and (b). The regulation provides in pertinent
part:

    (a) Except as provided in §91.715, no person may operate a civil aircraft unless it
         has within it the following:

    (1) An appropriate and current airworthiness certificate....

    (b) No person may operate a civil aircraft unless the airworthiness certificate
         required by paragraph (a) of this section or a special flight authorization
         issued under §91.715 is displayed at the cabin or cockpit entrance so that it is
         legible to passengers or crew.

In addition to the fact that Petitioner is seeking an exemption from the airworthiness
certificate requirements, an exemption to this regulation is necessary because:
(1) The Aibot X6 load capacity and size does not allow it to carry

    certification and registration documents;
(2) The Aibot X6 does not have a cabin or cockpit entrance at which the

    documents could be displayed; and
(3) There are no passengers or crew for whom the certificates need be displayed.

                                        PO BOX 1367
                                   Hayesville, NC 28904
                      Email: mpope@site-safety-solutions.com
                                  Cellular: 850.712.6244
                         Site Safety Solutions LLC

                                A Leader in Inspection and Safety Services Since 1989

                 {OASIS Corp.} Optical Aerial Survey Inspection Services

                                         US Federal Contractor since 1995 Hayesville, North Carolina

    Equivalent Level of Safety

    An equivalent level of safety will be achieved by keeping these documents; to the
    extent they are applicable to the Aibot X6 sUAS, at the ground control point where
    the pilot flying the Aibot X6 sUAS will have immediate access to them.

    The FAA has issued numerous exemptions to this regulation. See; inter alia,
    Exemption Order 11062

    M. 14 C. F.R. §§ 91.405(a); 91.407(a) (1); 91.409(a) (2); 91.417 (a) & (b):
         Maintenance Inspections.

    This petition seeks an exemption from the maintenance inspection requirements of 14
    CFR §§ 91.405(a); 91.407(a) (1); 91.409(a) (2); 91.417 (a) & (b). Which state:

    These regulations specify maintenance and inspection standards in reference to 14
    CFR Part 43. See, e.g., 14 CFR § 91.405(a) (stating that each owner or operator of an
    aircraft "[s]hall have that aircraft inspected as prescribed in subpart E of this part and
    shall between required inspections . . . have discrepancies repaired as prescribed in
    part 43 of this chapter"). An exemption to these regulations is needed because Part
    43 and these sections apply only to aircraft with an airworthiness certificate, which
    the Aibot X6 sUAS will not have.

    Equivalent Level of Safety

    An equivalent level of safety will be achieved because maintenance and inspections
    will be performed in accordance with the Exhibit C Aibot X6 V2 Manual. The
    operator will ensure that the Aibot X6 sUAS is in working order prior to initiating
    flight, perform required maintenance, and keep a log of any maintenance performed.
    The operator is most familiar with the aircraft and best suited to maintain the aircraft

    in an airworthy condition to provide the equivalent level of safety.

    If mechanical issues arise, the Aibot X6 sUAS can land immediately and will be
    operating no higher than 400 feet AGL. Moreover, the Aibot X6 sUAS small size,
    carrying capacity, and the fact that flight operations will only take place in restricted
    areas for limited periods of time, create less risk than the same factors associated with
    conventional fixed-wing aircraft and rotorcraft performing the same operation.

VI. Public Interest

Consistent with the requirements of 14 CFR §11.81(d), Petitioner offers the following
reasons why granting this petition for exemption is in the public interest, i.e., how
granting it would benefit the public as a whole.

                                            PO BOX 1367
                                       Hayesville, NC 28904
                           Email: mpope@site-safety-solutions.com
                                       Cellular: 850.712.6244
                          Site Safety Solutions LLC

                                  A Leader in Inspection and Safety Services Since 1989

                   {OASIS Corp.} Optical Aerial Survey Inspection Services

                                             US Federal Contractor since 1995 Hayesville, North Carolina

  Approval of exemptions allowing commercial operations of small and lightweight sUAS
  in the utility aerial services industry benefits the public as a whole in the following ways:

       It helps fulfill Congress' goal in passing Section 333(a) through (c) of the Reform
           Act, namely, the FAA Administrator's assessment of whether certain UAS may
           operate safely in the National Airspace System before completion of the
           rulemaking required under Section 332 of the Reform Act.

       The operation significantly improves safety and reduces risk by alleviating human
           exposure to danger associated with current telecommunications survey and
           inspection methods, namely, tower climbs. The public's interest is furthered by
           reducing human exposure to death or serious injury associated with personnel
           performing telecommunications and utility structure or tower inspections and
           patrols.

       Petitioner's Aibot X6 sUAS is battery powered and creates no emissions. If
           Petitioner's Aibot X6 sUAS crashes, there is no fuel to ignite and explode. Any
           impact of Petitioner's lightweight Aibot X6 sUAS is, obviously, far less than
           potentially harmful emissions associated with cranes and lift equipment. The
           public's interest is furthered by minimizing ecological impact of an accident and
           by reducing human exposure to emissions.

       Visual surveys are valuable tools for telecommunications and utility structure
           inspections. However, the obstructed environment with cables and power lines
           impede aerial surveys and inspections from conventional manned aircraft. The use
           of the Aibot X6 sUAS addresses these problems and is a powerful tool for
           performing a wide-range of telecommunication and utility structure inspection

           and patrol applications. The public as a whole will benefit from the safer and
           more cost-effective utility aerial services that Aibot X6 sUAS operations provide.

 VII. Privacy

  All flights will occur over Petitioner's property or the telecommunications and utility
  customer's property with the telecommunications or utility customer's prior consent and
  knowledge.

VIII. Federal Register Summary

  Pursuant to 14 CFR Part 11, the following summary is provided for publication in the
  FEDERAL REGISTER, should it be determined that publication is needed:

                                               PO BOX 1367
                                          Hayesville, NC 28904
                             Email: mpope@site-safety-solutions.com
                                         Cellular: 850.712.6244
                         Site Safety Solutions LLC

                                A Leader in Inspection and Safety Services Since 1989

                 {OASIS Corp.} Optical Aerial Survey Inspection Services

                                         US Federal Contractor since 1995 Hayesville, North Carolina

Site Safety Solutions LLC and OASIS Corp., seeks an exemption from the following
rules:

14 CFR Part 21, Subpart H; 14 CFR § 91.203(a)(1);14 CFR Part 27: 14 CFR §§ 91.9(c),
45.23(b) and 45.27(a);14 CFR § 61.113 (a) & (b);14 CFR § 91.7(a); 91.9(b)(2); 91.103;
91.109(a); 91.119; 91.121; 91.151(a); 91.203 (a) & (b); 91.405(a); 91.407(a)(1);
91.409(a)(2); 91.417 (a) & (b)

Approval of exemptions allowing commercial operations of small and lightweight
unmanned aircraft ("sUAS") in the telecommunications and utility structure inspection
industry will enhance safety by reducing risk to human life. Conventional operations in
this industry using personnel to climb telecommunication and utility structures present
the risks associated with unknown hazards that often lead to accidents, incidents and
fatalities.

In contrast, the Aibot X6 sUAS weighing fewer than 13.22 lbs. and powered by batteries
eliminates virtually all of that risk, given the reduced mass and lack of combustible fuel
carried on board. The Aibot X6 sUAS is transported, not flown, to the designated survey
area and set up. The Aibot X6 sUAS carries no passengers or crew and provides the
inspection services eliminating the requirement for personnel to climb the structure and,
therefore does not expose personnel to the risks associated with unknown hazards.

The operation of sUASs like the Aibot X6 , weighing less than 13.22 lbs., provides an
equivalent level of safety and thus supports the grant of the exemptions requested herein,
including exempting the applicant from the requirements of Part 21 and allowing
commercial operations. The lightweight sUASs operate at slow speeds, close to the
ground, and in a sterile environment adjacent to obstructions. As a result, they are far
safer than conventional aerial survey and inspection operations conducted with fixed-
wing aircraft or helicopters or manned tower climbs.

IX. Conclusion

The Aibot X6 as a result of its size, weight, speed, operational capability, distance from
airports and populated areas and operation within a contained area adjacent to obstacles
within visual line of sight do not create a hazard to users of the national airspace system
or pose a threat to national security. Adequate justification exists for the grant of the
requested exemptions allowing commercial operation of Site Safety Solutions LLC's and
OASIS Corp. Aibot X6 sUAS in the telecommunication and utility structure services
industry in accordance with Exhibit A, B, C and D appended hereto.

If additional information is required, or if you have any questions regarding this Petition
for Exemption, please contact Mr. Mark C. Pope email mpope@site-safety-solutions.com
and cell is 850.712.244.

                                            PO BOX 1367
                                       Hayesville, NC 28904
                           Email: mpope@site-safety-solutions.com
                                       Cellular: 850.712.6244
                         Site Safety Solutions LLC

                                A Leader in Inspection and Safety Services Since 1989

                 {OASIS Corp.} Optical Aerial Survey Inspection Services

                                         US Federal Contractor since 1995 Hayesville, North Carolina

            Site Safety Solutions LLC and OASIS Corp. Exemption Request
        Section 333 of the FAA Reform Act and Part 11 of the Federal Aviation

                                              Regulations
                                         Exhibits A, B, C, D

  Confidential commercial and proprietary information protected under 14 CFR §
  11.35(b) and are protected from release under the Freedom of information Act 5
  U.S.C. § 552 et.seq. The information contained in this exhibit will be submitted in
   the form of physical copies which will be express delivered to the FAA Office of
Rulmaking (ARM). If more copies are needed by FAA, requests made to Mr. Mark

                                      C. Pope will be honored.

Respectfully Submitted,

Mark C. Pope

Mark C. Pope
Site Safety Solutions LLC & OASIS Corp. LLC
President/Owner

                                            PO BOX 1367
                                       Hayesville, NC 28904
                           Email: mpope@site-safety-solutions.com
                                       Cellular: 850.712.6244
