August 18, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12499
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­1207

Mr. Andrew Deveney
GPS Systems Manager
Skanska USA Civil
1995 Agua Mansa Road
Riverside, CA 92509

Dear Mr. Deveney:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated April 15, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of Skanska USA Civil (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption. The
petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct aerial imaging
and survey mapping for safety and monitoring of secured and controlled construction site.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is an eBee.

In accordance with the statutory criteria provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in
reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited
operating area associated with the aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation
                                                                                                                 2

has determined that this aircraft meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA
finds that relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts,
Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing
requirements of part 36, is not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Skanska USA Civil is granted an exemption from
14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c),
91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to
the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Skanska USA Civil is hereafter referred to as the operator.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                                                 3

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the eBee when
         weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any other
         aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
         must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
         documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
         Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
         limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
         the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
         Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
         documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
         operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
                                                                                                            4

    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
                                                                                                            5

    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.
                                                                                                               6

   23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
       any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
       PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
       These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
       official upon request.

   24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
       activities at all times.

   25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

   26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
       persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
          a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
             from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
             that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
             where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
             the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
             of nonparticipating persons; and
          b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
             for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
             the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
             present an undue hazard.

       The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
       nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

   27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
       permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
       Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
       obtained for each flight to be conducted.

   28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
       boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
       to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
       reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
       contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

   29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
       as documented in this grant of exemption.
                                                                                                                 7

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                      8

This exemption terminates on August 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,
/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
April 15, 2015

U.S. Department of Transportation
Docket Management System
1200 New Jersey Ave., SE
Washington, DC 20590

Re: Request for Summary Grant of Exemption Under Section 333 of the FAA Reform Act and
Part 11 of the Federal Aviation Regulations

Dear Madam or Sir,

Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (the "Reform Act")
and 14 C.F.R. Part 11 Skanska USA Civil, an engineering and construction company, an operator of the
eBee ("eBee") Small Unmanned Aircraft System (`sUAS') seeks a summary grant of exemption from the Federal
Aviation Regulations ("FARs") listed below based on exemption 11136 previously issued by the
Federal Aviation Administration on January 5, 2015:

     · 14 C.F.R. 61.133(a) (b)
     · 14 C.F.R. 91.7(b)
     · 14 C.F.R. 91.119
     · 14 C.F.R. 91.151(a)
     · 14 CFR Subpart E (91.401 - 91.417)

    The requested exemption would authorize commercial operations using the eBee for aerial imaging and
survey mapping for safety and monitoring of secured and controlled construction site . The sUAS operations will
be subject to strict operating requirements defined in the eBee user manual (Skanska USA Civil requests the FAA
treat the eBee training program as proprietary under 14 C.F.R. 11.35(b) and does not include this document in the
public docket) in order to ensure at least an equivalent level of safety to currently authorized operations using
manned aircrafts.

The eBee will be operated by an individual who fulfill the following requirements:

     · Has successfully passed a manufacturer's training program for the eBee; Skanska USA Civil requests the
          FAA treat the eBee training program as proprietary under 14 C.F.R.
          11.35(b) and does not include this document in the public docket.

     · Has, at a minimum, a Private Pilot license and a third class medical certificate or US Driver's License.

1. CHARACTERISTICS OF THE AIRCRAFT

The eBee is a small (37.8 inches wingspan) and ultra-light (maximum take-off weight of 1.7
(pounds) platform made of flexible foam that performs pre-programmed precision aerial mapping
missions thanks to the on-board GPS and the related flight management software (eMotion) that
allows the operator to plan safely and efficiently a mission in 3D, and then monitor it in real-time.
Thanks to the embedded camera, protected by a foam envelope, the eBee takes a collection of
high-definition still images that are used later to generate maps and contour lines of the surveyed
area.

The four main characteristics of the eBee are:

a. Very light weight

The eBee is so light that the operator can launch it by hand and let it land on almost any surface
without requiring a parachute or landing net (belly land). Its low impact energy (38 J in case of a
controlled emergency landing) also significantly reduces the risk of hazardous situations. Finally,
the wings of the eBee are detachable and made of flexible foam with no sharp or hard edges and
almost no internal strengthening structure.

b. Electric-powered

The eBee is electric powered. A brushless engine technology makes it silent and reliable. The
propeller is attached with a rubber band to the body of the plane so that it can easily flex away in
case of contact with any object.

c. Semi-automatic flight

The artificial intelligence incorporated within the eBee autopilot system continuously analyzes
data from the Inertial Measurement Unit and from the onboard GPS and takes care of all the
aspects of the flight under the supervision of the operator.

d. Option for Manual control

Additionally, the eBee provides an override capability that allows the operator to take manual
actions during the flight (Go to Home, Go Land, Hold and Resume the mission) and also suspend
automated operations and take manual control of the aircraft should it become necessary to
respond emergent circumstances, thanks to the remote controller provided with the system.

2. APPLICATIONS

Skanska USA Civil intends to use the eBee to conduct imaging flights for the purpose of safety and survey mapping.
The aircraft will be used over controlled access property and only be used to image property for which we have
been contracted by the land owner to do so. Images will be used to increase production, identify environmental
land issues and allow for land use planning.

3. APPLICABLE LEGAL STANDARD UNDER SECTION 333

a. Airworthiness assessment of the eBee

Skanska USA Civil notes that the Federal Aviation Administration has already issued an
exemption specific to the eBee to the previously listed regulations for the same purpose in which
Skanska USA Civil intends to use the sUAS.

Moreover, SenseFly obtained flight approvals for the eBee (delivered by national civil aviation
authorities) in many countries, among others:

     · Switzerland (flight approval for VLOS operations)
     · Canada (flight approval for VLOS operations)
     · Australia (flight approval for VLOS operations)
     · France (flight approval for Extended-VLOS operations)
     · Germany (flight approval for VLOS operations)
     · United Kingdom (flight approval for VLOS operations)
     · Norway (flight approval for VLOS operations)
     · Sweden (flight approval for VLOS operations)
     · Denmark (flight approval for VLOS operations)

b. Operating requirements

A summary grant of exemption to Skanska USA Civil for the eBee will be subject to the same
operating conditions issued by the Federal Aviation Administration, without deviation or
alteration, in exemption No. 11136 on January 5, 2015. The main restrictions are summarized
below:

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the following aircraft
    described in the operating documents which is a fixed-wing aircraft weighing
    approximately 1.5 pounds: senseFly eBee (eBee). Proposed operations of any other
    aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this grant.

2. The UA may not be flown at an indicated airspeed exceeding 70 knots.

3. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
      (AGL), as indicated by the procedures specified in the operating documents. All altitudes
      reported to ATC must be in feet AGL.

4. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times. This
      requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
      corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate.

5. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The VO may be used to satisfy the
      VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS capability. The VO and
      PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times. The PIC must be designated before
      the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the duration of the flight. The PIC
      must ensure that the VO can perform the functions prescribed in the operating documents.

6. The operating documents and this grant of exemption must be maintained and made
      available to the Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions
      and limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
      the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed. Otherwise,
      the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating documents. The
      operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the operator's responsibility to
      track such revisions and present updated and revised documents to the Administrator upon
      request. The operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for
      extension or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any
      update or revision would affect the basis, upon which the FAA granted this exemption,
      then the operator must petition for amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's sUAS
      Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding updates or
      revisions to the operating documents.

7. Prior to each flight the PIC must inspect the sUAS to ensure it is in a condition for safe
     flight. If the inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the sUAS, the
     aircraft is prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed
     and the sUAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight. The Ground Control Station must
     be included in the preflight inspection. All maintenance and alterations must be properly
     documented in the aircraft records.

8. Any sUAS maintenance or alterations that affect the sUAS operation or flight
     characteristics, e.g. replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo a functional
     test flight. The PIC who conducts the functional test flight must make an entry in the
     aircraft records.

9. The pre-flight inspection section in the operating documents must account for all
     discrepancies, i.e. inoperable components, items, or equipment, not already covered in the
     relevant sections of the operating documents.

10. The operator must follow the sUAS aircraft/component, maintenance, overhaul,
      replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements.

11. The operator must carry out its maintenance, inspections, and record keeping
      requirements, in accordance with the operating documents. Maintenance, inspection, and
      alterations must be noted in the aircraft records, including total flight hours, description of
      work accomplished, and the signature of the PIC returning the sUAS to service.

12. Each sUAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer System and
      Safety Bulletins.

13. The PIC must make an entry in the aircraft record of the corrective action taken against
      discrepancies discovered between inspections.

14. The Pilot in Command (PIC) will be trained in flight, operations and safety procedures as detailed in the Flight
      Manual.

15. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless that PIC has demonstrated through
      the operator's training that the PIC is able to safely operate the sUAS in a manner
      consistent with how the sUAS will be operated under this exemption, including evasive and
      emergency maneuvers and maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels,
      vehicles and structures. A record of training must be documented and made available upon
      request by the Administrator. Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and
      VOs (training, proficiency, and experience-building), are permitted under the terms of this
      exemption. However, said training operations may only be conducted during dedicated
      training sessions.

16. sUAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR 1.1. All
      operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
      under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.
17. All operations shall be conducted in Class G airspace.

18. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of the airport reference point as denoted
      on a current FAA-published aeronautical chart.

19. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet horizontally
      from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

20. If the UA loses communications or loses its GPS signal, it must return to a pre-determined
      location within the planned operating area and land or be recovered in accordance with the
      operating documents.

21. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies in
      accordance with the operating documents.

22. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
      weather conditions) there is enough power to fly at normal cruising speed to the intended
      landing point and land the UA with 30% battery power remaining.

23. The operator must obtain an Air Traffic Organization (ATO) issued Certificate of Waiver
      or Authorization (COA) prior to conducting any operations under this grant of exemption.
      This COA will also require the operator to request a Notice to Airman (NOTAM) not
      more than 72 hours in advance, but not less than 48 hours prior to the operation.

24. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
      number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification (NNumber)
      markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must be as
      large as practicable.

25. Before conducting operations, the radio frequency spectrum used for operation and control
      of the UA must comply with the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) or other
      appropriate government oversight agency requirements.

26. The documents required under 14 CFR 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the PIC at the
      Ground Control Station of the sUAS any time the aircraft is operating. These documents
      must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

27. The UA must remain clear and yield the right of way to all other manned aviation
      operations and activities at all times.

28. The sUAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

29. The UA may not be operated over congested or densely populated areas.

30. Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating persons,
      vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:

         a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
             from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
             that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
            where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of the
            UA, flight operations must cease immediately and/or;

          b. the aircraft is operated near vessels, vehicles or structures where the land
             owner/controller has granted permission and the PIC has made a safety assessment
             of the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
             present an undue hazard, and

          c. operations nearer to the PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons do not
             present an undue hazard to those persons per § 91.119(a).

31. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
      permission from the land owner/controller or authorized representative. Permission from
      land owner/controller or authorized representative will be obtained for each flight to be
      conducted.

32. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
      boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported to
      the FAA's sUAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be reported
      to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions contained on the
      NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

3. CONCLUSION

This request is designed to follow up on previous efforts by the Federal Aviation Administration
to determine equivalent levels of safety for sUAS operations. By requesting a summary grant of
exemption we hope to achieve expedited approval for sUAS operations to the public's benefit.

Yours sincerely,

Andrew Deveney
GPS systems Manager
Skanska USA Civil
ANNEX A: EXEMPTION REQUEST AND EQUIVALENT LEVEL OF SAFETY
SHOWINGS UNDER APPLICABLE RULES SUBJECT TO EXEMPTION

Skanska USA Civil requests an exemption from the following regulations as well as any
additional regulations that may technically apply to the operation of the eBee:

14 CFR 61.133: Commercial pilot privileges and limitations.

The regulation provides that no person that holds a private pilot certificate may act as pilot in
command of an aircraft for compensation or hire. Subparagraph (b) allows a private pilot to act as
pilot in command of an aircraft in connection with any business or employment if: (1) The flight
is only incidental to that business or employment; and (2) The aircraft does not carry passengers
or property for compensation or hire.

To obtain a commercial pilot certificate a candidate must demonstrate a level of aeronautical
knowledge and aircraft handling beyond what is required to operate a sUAS. Our proposed
operations would require that a Pilot-In-Command have the aeronautical knowledge and aircraft
handling skills currently required obtaining a private pilot certificate. Given the lack of passengers
or cargo on board the sUAS, controlled access operations area we operate in and the simplicity of
the sUAS we believe that an equivalent level of safety can be achieved by requiring the pilot in
command hold, at a minimum, a private pilot certificate and a third class medical certificate or U.S. Driver license.

14 CFR 91.7(a): Civil aircraft airworthiness

This regulation requires that no person may operate a civil aircraft unless it is in airworthy
condition. Should the exemption be granted allowing commercial operation of the eBee without
an airworthiness certificate, no standard will exist for airworthiness of the eBee. Given the size of
the aircraft and the previous airworthiness assessments given to the eBee, among others:

     · New Mexico State University: https://newscenter.nmsu.edu/Articles/view/10208/nmsuuas-flight-test-
          center-conducts-ebee-airworthiness-assessment

     · USACE New Orleans, who coordinated with the Department of Army and the FAA to
          obtain all authorizations required in order to operate the eBeeUAS for levee system
          monitoring, documentation of construction progress, and extensive oblique photography
          of USACE structures & activities

An equivalent level of safety will be achieved by insuring compliance with the SenseFly manuals
prior to each flight.

14 CFR 91.119: Minimum Safe Altitudes

The regulation provides that over sparsely populated areas the aircraft cannot be operated closer
than 500 feet to any person, vessel, vehicle, or structure. Since the aircraft will be operating at a
maximum of 400 feet AGL, the eBee cannot comply with this requirement.

The equivalent level of safety will be achieved because the eBee will only fly over private
property with the permission of the landowner. The operator will define before every flight a
working area radius and a flight area ceiling, preventing the eBee to go beyond the flight area.
The landowner and the persons who may be on the ground in the flight area will be briefed of the
expected route of flight and the associated risks to persons and property on the ground. Due to the
small size of the eBee and the material with which the eBee is built, the hazard to persons,
vessels, vehicles, and structures is not comparable to manned aircraft and should be considered in
granting the exemption.

Moreover, the aircraft will not be operated over congested areas nor over any open-air assembly
of persons. The aircraft will be operated at an altitude allowing, if a power unit fails, an
emergency landing without undue hazard to persons or property on the surface.

14 CFR 91.151(a): Fuel Requirements for Flight in VFR Conditions

The regulation provides that no person may begin a flight in an airplane under day-VFR
conditions unless there is enough fuel to fly to the first point of intended landing and to fly after
that for at least 30 minutes.

Given the area of operation for the eBee, Skanska USA Civil believes that an equivalent level of
safety is already achieved with the specific procedure preventing the eBee to accept a take-off
order is the battery level is below a given value. Moreover, SenseFly has integrated "low" and
"critical" battery level warnings and implemented a "return to Home" (and "Go Land") actions in
these situations.

14 CFR Subpart E (91.401 - 91.417) - Maintenance, Preventive Maintenance, and
Alterations

The regulation provides that the operator is primarily responsible for maintaining the aircraft in an
airworthy condition, including compliance with Parts 39 and 43. Paragraphs 91.407 and 91.409
require that the aircraft be "approved for return to service by a person authorized under 43.7" after
maintenance and inspection. Section 91.409(a)(2) requires an annual inspection for the issuance
of an airworthiness certificate. Section 91.417(a) requires the owner or operator to keep records
showing certain maintenance work that has been accomplished by certificated mechanics, under
Part 43, or licensed pilots and records of approval of the aircraft for return to service.

Skanska USA Civil proposes that the maintenance of the eBee will be accomplished by the
owner/operator according to the maintenance manual, provided by SenseFly. Skanska USA Civil
requests the FAA treat the eBee training program as proprietary under 14 C.F.R.
11.35(b) and not include this document in the public docket.

An equivalent level of safety will be achieved because the eBee is small in size, it is not a
complex mechanical device, it will carry no external payload, and it will operate only in restricted
predetermined areas. Moreover, the operator is the person most familiar with the aircraft and is
best suited to maintain the aircraft in an airworthy condition and to ensure an equivalent level of
safety. Finally, before every flight, the eBee runs automatically a sequence of pre-flight tests to
make sure that every sensor and every critical part is running properly. If a problem is detected,
the eBee will not be able to be switched-on and a message error is displayed on the main screen of
the flight management software. The operator can then refer to the maintenance manual to
troubleshoot this issue. Several parts of the eBee are easily interchangeable (propellers, wings),
which allows the operator to make sure the wings and propulsion system are always airworthy
when a mission is initiated.
