August 11, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12436
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­1405

Mr. Terry Lankford
Skeye I LLC
4537 513th Avenue
Ames, IA 50014

Dear Mr. Lankford:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated April 27, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of Skeye I LLC (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption. The petitioner
requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct aerial photography,
videography, inspection, monitoring, and training1.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

1 The petitioner also requested authority to conduct UAS training. At this time, the FAA is unable to authorize
UAS operations for training until a further assessment is completed. When the FAA completes its review, we
will proceed accordingly and no further action will be required by the petitioner. However, the petitioner is
permitted to train its own pilot in commands and visual observers in accordance with condition no. 14 and the
other conditions and limitations in this exemption.
                                                                                                                 2

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner are the DJI Phantom 2 Vision +, DJI Phantom 3
Professional, and DJI Inspire 1.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection2. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

2 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                                3

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Skeye I LLC is granted an exemption from 14 CFR
§§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121,
91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to the
extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Skeye I LLC is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom 2
    Vision +, DJI Phantom 3 Professional, and DJI Inspire 1when weighing less than
    55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any other aircraft will require a
    new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
    not permitted.

3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
    exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
    compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
    airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
    aircraft manufacturer.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.

    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
    electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
                                                                                                            4

    must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
    required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.
                                                                                              5

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a

    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.
                                                                                                            6

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

    The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
    nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
                                                                                               7

Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical

    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be

    reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions

    contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
    as documented in this grant of exemption.

30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
    exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
    District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
    notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
    must include at least the following:
      a. Dates and times for all flights;
      b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
          under this grant of exemption;
      c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
          the UAS;
      d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
      e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
      f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
          and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
          who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
      g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
      h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
          town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
          essential to accomplish the operation.

31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons

    consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
    exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                      8

This exemption terminates on August 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,
/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
Terry Lankford
Commercial Pilot
Skeye I LLC
4537 513th Ave
Ames, IA 50014
(515) 450-1466
tlankford@icloud.com

Date: April 27, 2015

U. S. Department of Transportation
Docket Management System
1200 New Jersey Ave.,
SE Washington, DC 20590

RE: Terry Lankford, Commercial Pilot and Owner Skeye I LLC for Exemption Pursuant to Section 333
Of the FAA Reform Act

Attn: To whom it may concern

Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (the Reform Act)
and 14 C.F.R. Part 11, Terry Lankford, Commercial Pilot, owner Skeye I LLC, and operator of Small
Unmanned Aircraft Systems ("sUAS") equipped to conduct aerial photography and videography,
hereby applies for an exemption from the listed Federal Aviation Regulations ("FARs") to allow
commercial operation of sUAS, so long as such operations are conducted within and under the
conditions outlined herein or as may be established by the FAA as required by Section 333.1 The
proposed exemption, if granted, would allow Terry Lankford a Commercial Pilot, to conduct
commercial operations of small unmanned aircraft systems ("sUAS") meeting or exceeding all of the
operational and safety requirements Congress has set forth in Section 333. Statutory Authority Section
333, titled "Special Rules for Certain Unmanned Aircraft Systems", provides a mechanism for seeking
expedited FAA authorization of safe civil UAS operations in the NAS. Section 333(a) states that the
FAA "shall determine if certain unmanned aircraft systems may operate safely in the national airspace
system before completion of the (comprehensive) plan and rulemaking required by section 332(b)(1) of
this Act or the guidance required by section 334 of this Act." In Section 332(b)(1), Congress made it
clear that Section 333 provides a mechanism for "expedited operation authorization" if several factors
are met. Petitioner meets all requirements to permit FAA approval of commercial UAS operations.

The Petitioner Requests Relief From the following regulations:
14 C.F.R. Part 21
14 C.F.R. 45.23 (b)
14 C.F.R. 91.7 (a)
14 C.F.R. 91.119
14 C.F.R. 91.121
14 C.F.R. 91.151(a)
14 C.F.R. 91.203 (a) & (b)
14 C.F.R. 91.215
14 C.F.R. 91.405
14 C.F.R. 91.407
14 C.F.R. 91.409
14 C.F.R. 91.417
14 C.F.R. 91.109

Terry Lankford a Commercial Pilot is petitioning for exemption to enable him to operate commercially
available Multirotor sUAS equipped with cameras, camera stabilizing gimbals and OSD (onscreen
displays) providing the PIC with altitude, airspeed, battery life and direction. All used UAS flight
controllers utilize GPS to limit the altitude above the ground and limit the radius of the distance it flies
from the PIC. They will also have GPS guided failsafe functions allowing the autopilot system to fly
back to the launch site autonomously. If the transmitter is disconnected
the system will automatically trigger return to home and will land safely.

All sUAS will be thoroughly tested and adhere to regulations imposed by FAA Section 333.1.
Skeye I LLC is owned and operated by Terry Lankford who has been active in aviation for 28 years and
holds a commercial pilots license. With over 4000 flights either towing or piloting gliders and over 5
years experience building, testing and flying sUAS.

Our commercial activities would include:
· Aerial
· Event photography/videography
· Real estate photography
· Aerial filmmaking and photography
· Unmanned aerial sightseeing
· Construction site inspections and monitoring
· Building inspections
· UAS training and safe operation
· Event photography/videography
· Crop inspection

PILOT IN COMMAND AND OBSERVER QUALIFICATIONS AND DUTIES

The PIC will maintain at least a Commercial Pilot Certificate and a current Class III medical
certificate, plus at least 2 hours flying time and 3 takeoffs and landings within 30 days in the type
of UAS utilized in operations. The PIC will have at least 40 hours total time and at least 20 hours
flying Radio Controlled Aircraft of which will be 10 hours flying sUAS. The PIC is responsible for the
safe and efficient operation of the aircraft. Specific duties include all preflight preparation, in flight
operation and post flight requirements. Procedures including but not limited to:
· Safe flight operations
· Risk assessment and mitigation to persons and property
· Site suitability
The Observer must have the visual acuity to observe the sUAS and be able to communicate clearly
with the PIC utilizing hand signals, verbally or 2 way radios.
The Observers duties are;
· Notifying the PIC of any impending obstacles in the flight path of the sUAS.
· Notifying the PIC of any deviations in the planned flight path of the sUAS.
· Notifying the PIC if unauthorized persons enter the area of the planned flight.

GENERAL OPERATING STANDARDS
· Before an operation of a sUAS within 5NM of an airport with a control tower, the control
tower will be called to gain permission to operate the sUAS. The PIC will give the
position, altitude and the times the sUAS will be operated. The sUAS will not be
operated at an altitude of over 150 feet AGL. Weather minimums will be 3 miles
visibility and a 1000 foot ceiling.
· Before an operation of a sUAS within 5NM of a non-tower controlled, airport operators
will be notified and the PIC will give the right of way to avoid flying in the proximity of
full-scale aircraft. At no time will the sUAS be operated within the final approach course
and the takeoff course of any runway. The sUAS will not be operated at an altitude of
over 200 feet AGL.
· Weather minimums will be 3 miles visibility and a 1000 foot ceiling.
· Skeye I LLC will only operate its sUAS in line of sight of a PIC and/or observer and will
operate at sites that are a 'sufficient distance' from populated areas. Such operations will
insure that the sUAS will not create a hazard to users of the national airspace system or
the public.
· All of our operations will be under 200'.
· Maximum flight time for each operational flight will be 30 minutes.
· Flights will be terminated at 25% battery power reserve should that occur prior to the 30
minute limit.
· The sUAS will be programmed so that it will not be operated at an altitude of no more
than 400 feet AGL, and not more than 200 feet above an elevated platform from which
filming is planned.
· Minimum crew for each operation will consist of the sUAS Pilot, and Visual Observer.
· The sUAS operated by the petitioner weighs less than 55 pounds, including the payload
(i.e. camera, lens, and gimbals).
· The sUAS will operate at speeds of no more than 50 knots, can hover, and can
simultaneously move vertically and horizontally.
· All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The VO and PIC must be able to
Communicate by voice, 2 way radio or hand signals at all times during a flight operation.
· Operations will be restricted to flights over water, public or private property with the
permission of the property owner(s)
· All required permits will be obtained from state and local government prior to operation.
· sUAS will not be operated over densely populated areas.
· sUAS will not be operating over any open-air assembly of people.
· sUAS will not be operating over heavily trafficked roads.
· All new to service sUAS both custom and pre-manufactured will have a minimum of 25
logged flight hours and deemed safe by the PIC prior to commercial operations.

HOW THIS REQUIST IS TO THE BETTERMENT OF OUR COMMUNITY

Our UAS are powered by batteries, smaller, lighter and more maneuverable than larger aircraft
running on combustible fuel, it operates at lower altitudes with no people on board and will
thereby reduce current risk levels associated with traditional aircraft, enhance safety and
diminish the likelihood of death or serious bodily injury. Also with a small payload and typical
flight time of only 20 minutes, there is little or no risk to national security.
Low level photos and video are far more effective than ground or high altitude manned aircraft
imagery for displaying detailed characteristics of ground based objects. The applicant in the past
has chartered full-sized airplanes for this purpose, which has proven more costly than many
potential clients have been able to afford. The benefits of reduced cost and improved quality of
presentation from the UAS will be incredibly valuable to future clients. Additionally, we will make our
sUAS available to first responders in our community who might require assistance, including fire
fighters, police, sheriff, et al., while remaining subject to all limitations cited in this application.

EXEMPTION REQUESTS AND EQUIVALENT LEVEL OF SAFETY

Terry Lankford, Commercial Pilot and owner Skeye I LLC requests an exemption from the following
regulations as well as any additional regulations that may technically apply to the operation of the
sUAS System.

14 CFR Part 21, Airworthiness Certificates:
This part establishes the procedures for the issuance of an airworthiness certificate. While the
FAA continues to work to develop airworthiness standards for Unmanned Aerial Systems, we
request an experimental certificate be issued for our UAS's under either or both of the following
provisions: 21.191 Experimental certificates. Experimental certificates are issued for the
following purposes:
(a) Research and development. Testing new aircraft design concepts, new aircraft equipment,
new aircraft installations, new aircraft operating techniques, or new uses for aircraft.
(b) Showing compliance with regulations. Conducting flight tests and other operations to show
compliance with the airworthiness regulations including flights to show compliance for issuance
of type and supplemental type certificates, flights to substantiate major design changes, and
flights to show compliance with the function and reliability requirements of the regulations.
Since the experimental certificate can be used for commercial purposes such as market surveys,
sales demonstrations, and customer crew training, we would expect that an experimental
certificate would permit our commercial purpose as well. The aircraft will not carry persons or
property, will not carry fuel, and will only fly under strict operational requirements. Combined
with the UAS lightweight, being constructed primarily of carbon fiber and plastic in conjunction
with the ability to utilize emergency parachute systems. We propose that the UAS will be at least
as safe, if not safer, than a conventionally certificated aircraft performing the same mission. If an
experimental airworthiness certificate is not appropriate for this application, then we request an
exemption of 14 CFR Part 21, Subpart H, and the requirement for an airworthiness certificate in
general, citing the equivalent level of safety outlined in the previous paragraph.
14 CFR 45.23 Display of marks; general and 45.29 Size of marks:
These regulations provide that each aircraft must display "N" and the aircraft's registration
number in letters at least 3 inches high. Additionally, the aircraft must display the word
"EXPERIMENTAL" in letters at least 2 inches high near the entrance to the cabin, cockpit, or
pilot station. sUAS do not have an entrance in which the word "EXPERIMENTAL" can
be placed, and may not have a registration number assigned to it by the FAA. We propose to
achieve an equivalent level of safety by including the word "EXPERIMENTAL" in the placard
on the top of the aircraft, as shown above, where the PIC (Pilot In Control), VO (Visual
Observer) and others in the vicinity of the aircraft while it is preparing for launch will be able to
see the designation. Additionally, we feel that the permanent placard discussed in the previous
paragraph will provide the aircraft's registration information at the ground station. Finally, we
will display at the ground station a high contrast flag or banner that contains the words
"Unmanned Aircraft Ground Station" in letters 3 inches high or greater. Since the aircraft will
operate within 3/4 NM of the ground station, the banner should be visible to anyone that
observes the aircraft and chooses to investigate its point of origin.
14 CFR 91.7 Prohibits the Operation of an aircraft without an airworthiness certificate:
As no such certificate will be applicable in the form contemplated by the FARs, this Regulation
is inapplicable.
91.119 Minimum safe altitudes:
The regulation states that over sparsely populated areas the aircraft cannot be operated closer
than 500 feet to any person, vessel, vehicle, or structure. Since the typical mission of the sUAS
would be photography or survey of persons, vessels, vehicles or structures it would be necessary
to operate closer than 500 feet to the items listed. Operations will only be flown over property or
persons where careful pre-planned flight path has been performed. In the event of a system
malfunction or emergency landing with or without a deployed parachute. The hazard to persons
or property on the surface will be very limited. Therefore we maintain that due to the small size
of the UAS, the hazard to persons, vehicles and structures is minimal compared to manned
aircraft, which should be considered in granting the exemption.
CFR 91.121 Altimeter settings:
The regulation requires that aircraft shall maintain cruising altitudes by reference to an altimeter
setting available within 100 NM of the aircraft. The sUAS will always fly below 400 feet AGL
and will not need to maintain cruising altitudes in order to prevent conflict with other aircraft. An
Above Ground Level altimeter measurement above the takeoff point is transmitted via radio
from the sUAS on-board computer to the display screen held by the PIC, providing a constantly
updated AGL readout. The flight controller will be configured to geo-fence the UAS under the 400'
maximum altitude.
14 CFR 91.151 Fuel requirements for flight in VFR conditions:
The regulation provides that no person may begin a flight in an airplane under day-VFR
conditions unless there is enough fuel to fly to the first point of intended landing and to fly after
that for at least 30 minutes. The purpose of this is to provide an energy reserve as a safety buffer
for delays to landing. Since the aircraft will never fly more than 3/4 NM from the point of
intended landing, a full battery charge at launch will ensure that we meet the reserve energy
requirement of this paragraph.
14 CFR 91.203(a) & (b) Civil aircraft: Certifications required:
The regulation provides that an airworthiness certificate, with the registration number assigned to
the aircraft and a registration certificate must be aboard the aircraft. Additionally, subparagraph
(b) provides that the airworthiness certificate be "displayed at the cabin or cockpit entrance so
that it is legible to passengers or crew." At a maximum gross weight of 55 pounds, the sUAS is
too small to carry documentation, does not have an entrance, and is not capable of carrying
passengers or crew. To obtain an equivalent level of safety and meet the intent of
91.203, we propose that documents deemed appropriate for this aircraft by the FAA will be with
the crew at the ground control station and available for inspection upon request. In order to
identify the aircraft, we propose that the information found on airworthiness and registration
certificates be permanently affixed to the aircraft via placard containing the following
information plus the word "EXPERIMENTAL" to satisfy the requirement of 14 CFR 45.23.
14 CFR Subpart E (91.401- 91.417) -Maintenance, Preventive Maintenance, Alterations:
The regulation provides that the operator is primarily responsible for maintaining the aircraft in
an airworthy condition, including compliance with part 39 and 43. Paragraphs 91.407 and 91.409
require that the aircraft be "approved for return to service by a person authorized under 43.7"
after maintenance and inspection. It is our intention that the PIC perform maintenance and
inspection of the aircraft and "be authorized to approve the aircraft for return to service." The
PIC will ensure that the aircraft is in an airworthy condition prior to every flight and in addition
conduct detailed inspections after every five hours of flight. All maintenance will be performed
by the PIC in accordance with the manufactures manual. If required maintenance is beyond the
ability of the PIC the maintenance will be performed by the manufacturer or their designated
repair facility. The PIC will document work performed in accordance with 91.417. We feel that
due to the size, construction, and simplicity of the aircraft, the PIC can ensure an equivalent level
of safety.
14 CFR 91.109 Flight Instruction; Simulated instrument flight and certain flight tests:
The regulation states that "No person may operate a civil aircraft that is being used for flight
Instruction unless that aircraft has fully functioning dual controls." Training will be conducted by
Skeye I LLC we have the ability to provide dual controls utilizing two Spektrum transmitters
with a wireless link between the transmitters. One transmitter is designated the master transmitter
and the other transmitter is designated as a slave. The PIC instructor, utilizing the master
transmitter, will be at all times be able assume control of the sUAS.
14 C.F.R. 91.215 ATC transponder and altitude reporting equipment and use:
This regulation states all aircraft operating within 30 nautical miles of class A, B and C airspace
must be equipped with automatic pressure altitude reporting equipment having a Mode C
capability that automatically replies to Mode C interrogations. Due to the small size and lifting
capabilities of our sUAS we cannot carry a traditional transponder. All of our operations will be
under 250' if we are operating within the 30mi reach of a mode c vail.

CONCLUSION

By granting Terry Lankford, Commercial Pilot and owner Skeye I LLC, requested exemptions, the
FAA will help drive development of safe and successful commercial UAS operations and will advance
the public knowledge base for such operations of UAS. Skeye I LLC is committed to promoting the
UAS research efforts of policymakers by sharing data from its commercial UAS operations and
serving as a resource for future UAS research operations. As pointed out in this application, all the
sUAS which our company would use, under authorization by the US DOT-FAA, are small, light-weight
devices operated within the line of sight of the Pilot-in-Command (PIC), less than 400 feet above the
ground and outside 5 miles from any airport or location with aviation activities, unless the air traffic
control authorities(ATC) have been notified and have authorized each flight within a radius of this
distance. Terry Lankford, Commercial Pilot and owner Skeye I LLC seeks an exemption pursuant to 14
C.F.R. and Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (FMRA), which will permit
safe operation of our UAS commercially, without an airworthiness Certificate. By granting this
Petition, the FAA Administrator will be fulfilling the Congressional mandate of the FAA Modernization
and Reform Act of 2012, while also advancing the interests of the public, by allowing Terry Lankford,
Commercial Pilot and owner Skeye I LLC, to safely, efficiently, and economically operate sUAS
commercially within the NAS. Wherefore, in accordance with the Federal Aviation Regulations and the
FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012, Section 333, Terry Lankford, owner Skeye I LLC
respectfully requests that the Administrator grant this Petition for an exemption from the requirements
of 14 C.F.R Sections.

Sincerely,

Terry Lankford

Terry Lankford
Skeye I LLC
